Got a BSCO in Applied Psychology now , but no resits this year so thats a first 
You win some and you lose some , still its better to celebrate what you have acheived rather than dwell on what you havent 
Let love of life be a goal but let your highest goal be greatness ( ONA Black Book of Satan ) 
Some people never learn , and they wonder why life seems so empty and why bad things keep happening to them ... maybe they are cursed or they are just victims of their own stupidity . 
The pixies are slowly stealing what little sanity I have left .... what I really want to know is who the hell gave them jobs in the department for work and pensions 
Lilith - Our Dragon Goddess . Taninsam - Destroyer of lies . For your glory we kill this world . In thy name we Sacrifice 
18 : Let love of life be a goal but let your highest goal be greatness . 
The person who once said that it is better to have loved and been loved rather than never experiancing love at all ... should be shot 
no prob 
Never love anything so much you cannot see it die . 
Respect not pity or weakness , for they are a disease which makes sick the strong . 
Okay im watching day time TV the muppets of the UK and their estranged lives . Now when someone has sex with 2 people and has a baby , logic says that it is 50/50 as to who the babys father is . Why the hell do people act so surprised when they find out that the father of the baby is not the person they beleived it to be . Especially when they come out with things like im 99% certain I know who the father is . 
Discard not love but treat it as an imposter , but ever be just . 
I love technology ( when im not swearing at it or hitting it with swords for not working ) Ive now got a GB , a GBA and also Snes emulators for my PSP ( just need the megadrive one now ) 
Let love of life be a goal but let your highest goal be greatness 
I cant think of anything more gay than kneeling before the lord , lipservicing him and then being showered with his love . ~ But try telling that to the fundermental Christians on their anti gay marrige site , for some strange reason it really offends them . 
Ha you have to love the irony , im fighting to save the lives of people I really couldnt care less about . In fact mother Earth I salute you ( dont worry Ive just had a bad day , but saying that their is actually some truth in what I say ) 
Been working for 3 days now , got my first sign up today for Oxfam 365 , feels damn good . 
The world of sales sucks balls like the nazzerine fools do . Ive got a degree in psychology and the idiots still quite grasp the fact that 99.9% of the crap they preach is total bollocks . Their is more than one way to motiviate people and their are other factors in play other than just a decent sales pitch . 
I have a plan , trade in my xbox games and get a ps3 . 
One second hand leather jacket + one uni paint marker pen = one hell of a Satanic leather jacket 
Im now a Gray Warden ( Dragon Age Origins ) goodbye social life 
My xbox 360 is now just a bloddy DVD player , the stinking pile of crap 
right then if no bugger can be bothered to actually do anthing is this house then as if by magic the internet wont work ( although it still works for me , coincidence I think not ) 
Unholy Roller , satanic soldier , S.A.T.A.N hes our man hey . 
Im relocating to Nottingham , should be going within the next month , as soon as I get hold of some transport to move my junk . 
As allways I seem to make important things in life happen for me , with what seems to be very little effort at all , much to the annoyance of others . It must be a kind of magic , Black Magick that is , Hail Satan . 
Seek happiness in victory , but never in peace 
It takes courage to admit you have a problem , but it takes real courage to actually do something about it , especally if it involves accepting help from others . 
Black Magick Power , get with it , or get fucking destroyed by it 
One of the naigbours cats has decided to make himself at home 
Unholy Roller , Satanic Soldier . 
Flat sorted , Training to be a " support worker " done and the internet gets installed for " free " next week . All in all not a bad couple of weeks . 
Trust the pope to say equality goes against natural law , equality is the only thing thats keeping the church alive 
Black Magic power , get with it or get wasted by it . 
The Twat who lives above me is going to regret the day he crossed me 
Through the power of Black Magic the twat upstairs has no electricity , you fuck with the devil you get the horns . 
Call of duty , World at War online 
I just wathched Twilight and I really dont know what to say to be honest 
Ive updated the ' Psychology and Satanism ' page on the Ignite the Black Flame website . 
Live , Breathe , Kill for Satan 
It fills me with great pride that most of the people I know here on Facebook are either Satanists or have something to do with the Left Hand Path . The others I know from my journey through life , I also value as well of course . 
More people in this world should make it their sole aim in life , to be awarded a Darwin award . 
Do you want to win £50 , 000 , just get yourself nominated for a Darwin Award this year terms and conditions : you have to collect the the cash in person 
Forge not works of art but swords of death , for therein lies great art . 
Satanic Buddists ??? I think you will find that its called Spiritual Satanism . Hell why not just be a Satanic Christian or a Satanic Catholic , Satanism already incorperates elements of every single religon , science and beleif system . Why weaken and limit something by constricting it with the very thing it is oppossed against in the first place . 
I love it , I went to the shop with £8.50 and Ive come back with my shopping and £9.39 
Some twats never learn do they , I will leave him to listen to happy hardcore shite for 10 mins so ive got something to put on my record sheet . Then im turning his electricity off for the rest of the day . 
FUUUCCK !!! 

I have told you things need to change ! 
You never listened or came to my aid ! 
The vicious cycle has not changed ! 
My times spent rearranged ! 
Mother fuck it all ! 
I can't stand this ! 
Remember when I said 
Everyone makes me sick ?! 
Well nothing has changed ! 
I hate ( I hate ) everyone ! 
okay went to a supposeded metal night tonight and the DJ was a complete fag he reckons pantera was to mainstream and didnt have any Electric Hellfire Club , Cimerea or Dissection . What a pompas wankface piece of shit he was and he still had the balls to act all pretentious and shit , the devils music is the devils music its either good shit or just plain shite their is no inbetween or trend to be had dagnammit . 
Never Try ... either do it or dont waste your time 
At last a thunder storm , about bloody time too that humidity was making me even more dippy in the head than usual 
When you feel good , you feel good . who would have thought that I was suffering psychosis , feeling trapped , psychotic , lost , hopeless and unsure about what to do next in life . Then I found JESUS it changed my life made me feel whole again , as I repetedly kicked him the head again and again , blood splatered my face and his eternal screams of agony brought me such joy and pleasure . 
Just finished my 15 min presentation on " Online Satanism " for tommorows assesment for my lvl 3 Intro to trainer skills course 
If people wont let me play in their world then fuck it , I will make my own . 
Just got a radio DJ on total rock radio to put " Age of fire " by Electric Hellfire Club on . Hail Satan 
Thanks everyone , Thanks to my dad ive got 5 bottles of Absinthe , so im just debating whether to put some in my coffee , 85% proof coffee haha 
The joy of spring when hormones and delusions kick in , leading to a winter of disscossent , chaos and agony . Then after a few years of therapy you can be ready to do it all over again 
Fell on my ass today , it was 4-5 times last year , so im pretty sure it wont be the last time I will end up on my ass this year . 
Me thinks I may have been bewitched by a witch ;) 
We dont need no religous education , OI Preist leave the kids alone , all in all its just anouther cock up a choirs boys rectum LMFAO 
I should add Espionage , sabotage , inteligence gathering , deception and psychological warfare to my cv , because im getting fucking good at it . 
JD and an Eggbox 360 does life get any better than this ... I think not 
Is there truly anything more satisfying than revenge ? Hell No .. waking me up at 3 in the fucking morning was a big mistake asshole . Fuck with the Devil you get the horns enjoy your first of many dark , cold nights alone . 
I got asked " If I was looking " today by some woman , after clicking onto what she was actually asking I said " Ive got about 50p " , she then had the cheek to ask if she could have the money anyway . Im thinking of making a complaint to customer services does anyone know the phone number ? 
Absynth , JD and whatever else is im drinking at the mo , Neuro Linguistic Programing is wicked hahahaha and Im actually with a woman who is on my wave length for once . Hail Satan , thanx dad and hannah the abysinth is fucking wicked , life is good and im fucked 
I can acheve in a couple of hours what christianity has been trying to acheive in over 2000 years 
Christians are truly the chavs of spirtuality , in line with the true definition of the word Fag as stated in the holy doctrine of southpark . I declare all xians to be fags , ( even tho they dont ride harleys ) 
The flame exists , without question . Its the perception that truly gives validation to the individual . Some choose to embrace the flame while others prefer to bask in its light . For some it illuminates the darkness while for others it is something so divine that they choose to worship or seek to learn its true meaning and true form . 
At last an update for the ps3 
Most regular people would say it's hard and any streetwise son of a bitch knows don't fuck with this . 
Hardcore Metal , all the rest is just pussyass Bullshit 
Unholy Roller , Satanic Soldier 
Im still celebrating my birthday , Hail satan 
You can either be one of the many who live a life being lead by others , or you can be one of few who has the strength to live for themself and lead the life you desire . 
Let the fire in our hearts become a fire in our minds 
And let our minds light fires among all mankind 
Burn ! Burn , baby , burn ! 
Lilith I pledge my allegiance to thee , my love , my soul , my mind and my life . Goddess of eternal night , dark mother divine . I honour thee and kill in thy name , my love for you is divine . 
Im starting to understand the dylema involved with euthanasia , you can see something in what seems to be reaching its last breath , but then sometimes its perhaps better to let things die naturally , cause i suppose sometimes people can surprise you and actually fight to survive 
You can never truly own a dream , you just watch it unfold and take its own course . But in order for it to do this , at some point you have to let go and let nature take its course . If it's strong enougth and you have put the neccessary elements in place , it will survive and in time become a reality . 
Im shedding skin , So carefull where where you step because im likely to take an aggresive stance without much provication at the moment . 
Exmouth here I fucking come 
We will reinstate the natural law , take your science and turn it into magick . 
People Hate Me , cause I'm better than you 
And people hate me , and thats the motherfucking truth 
People Hate me and you can all Fuck Off 
I'm perfect , pissed off , beautiful , I'm God 
Been waiting months for my CCG , the council lost the first one and now im told its been processed and I have been awarded a whole £31 , um I think I might be appealing that decision . 
today I tested someone and they proved to be weak and undeserving of my respect , if your going to kick off then make sure you have the fucking balls to see it through for fucks sake . Im not going to step up and kill some fucker for the sake of it , I do what I do because its the only way , im not doing it for fun . 
Which of the 5 elements are you gifted with ? - My Result : You represent AIR ! http://bit.ly/9ZgnN7 
Blood Magick and Blade Enchantment ... Satanic Fucking Magick 
I got a messege from some Christian Kimba or something , preeching about god , My reply was simply FUCK OFF you self rightous twat happy soltice all Hail Satan 
The future is a blank page waiting for you to write its story and follow its path . Predestination is an illusion based on tendency , predeliction and predisposition 
Ive learnt to build connections with people , empethise , activley listen , take a non judgemental approach , understand what is behind peoples behaviour . Make people feel at ease and make people feel valued and appreciated . 
After all this , I cant help but think that people are generally nothing more than a bunch of fucking assholes really in the end of the day . 
Buidling up the Satanic network , also in the process of establishing an active Satanic group in the UK , to pool together resources , knowledge , skills and ideas . Hail Satan 
You want war 
You got war 
More than you bargained for 
Always question authority , control my own destiny 
Forcing change , breaking free 
From the gears of the machine 
Changing my world so I can live 
Execution powershift 
I will forge my place in this time 
Contention is sharply refined 
I will expose you and force your demise 
To take control of what is truly mine 
Actually talked to a Johava witness on the street early hours of the morning after being out partying all night . He actually ended the convo and walked away because he couldnt fathom what I was saying . Then my mate turned up with some coffee for him ( he pissed in it ) . Team satan on tour in Nottingham , Hail satan 
Drunken idiot who dosent listen to me when I say " do not shine that fucking led light in my eyes again " got what he deserved a sword in the groin . 
Change and realisation are never processes that occour on their own . It is only through the destruction of who we perceive ourselves to be , that we find our true path . Hail Chaos , Hail Lucifer , Hail Satan , Hail Lilith . 
That is it , im no longer tolerating any weak minded people in any way shape or form . Ive had enougth of all these drug addicts , piss heads ,, religous nut jobs , holyier than tho reformed workers , the people who bury their head in the sand , the assholes who say they are trying to help you but really they are just lining their pockets and of course the self rightous . 
Instead of worrying about the fact that people are total fuckwits , smile and appeciate the fact the the world is full of protential sin and chances for personal gratification . Afterall is it not written that the strong survive and weak suffer and die , oh its also been sceintificaly proven as well , Evoultution is more than just a hypothesis its a fact . Hail Satan 
Test always your strength , for within lies success . 
PAIN ... but the big pink smarities kinda help 
The future is being forged here and now by those up to the task , it needs no justification or explanation , if your not willing to accept this then who cares because your perspective is irelevant and beyound comprehension anyway . Hail satan 
Who am I , where am I and what the fuck is going on 
St Lucifer- The patron saint of take some responsability and get of your fucking ass and do something about it . 
Phil would have been proud of my version of Cowboys from Hell the other night , however whether im aloud to sing again at that place is anouther question hahaha 
Friday night time to get pissed 
Expect some of the information on the ITBF website to be updated over the next few days and also for some new material to be added as well . Im feeling quite productive at the moment . 
What do you Fear ? 
Fear is your God 
It is looks xian , sounds xian , smells xian , tastes xian and feels xian , then it is what it is a steaming pile of fucking shit . 
Hail Lucifer ! 
Dark bringer of light 
Giver of eternal sight 
Wisdom bringer - We call upon thy name 
Bestow upon us thy infernal blessings 
Of the inner divine flame 
Open our eyes Mighty Father 
So that we may see 
Guide our steps on the Burning Path 
Of liberation and ecstasy 
Funny how you can come so far and yet really you havent gone any fucking where really . Its time to finally get some answears because im not living like this any more . 
Been to the open university to see about Psychology courses to get my degree up a recognised level . They will also test and help with my LDs as well , then I can look at going on to train further in Psychology . 
Weakness is a disease that cannot be cured , love is something that no longer means what it once did and strength in this day and age is just as tainted . Only those who walk the true path can see the lies for what they really are . 
Those who fear life , bring nothing but suffering and death into this world 
Stupid people really do give life meaning sometimes , especally when they give you a reason to destroy them . The hard bit is letting lose your wrath without being consumed by it . 
Right so Catholic's are against contraception and stem cell research because it is a violation against God , nature and life . But its okay to fuck little kids and take away peoples human rights . However I dont know who is worse , the church or the weak minded simpletons that devoutly follow the bullshit they preech . 
Why waste your fucking time chasing the dragon , when you can just summon one 
Why is it you try to do something then somehow or someway people make it so you cant do it . So much for helping people to make the most out of their lives , no wonder so many people just give up and stick 2 fingers up at society . Their will come a day when these incompetent assholes will be removed and people will actually be able to progress without being hindered by bullshit . 
My xbox 360 has decided to start working again a year later , of course this is after ive traded all my games in . 
Knowledge means nothing , unless you know how to use it 
So by the new zodiac im actually a Taurus then 
My Aim is to bring Self-Harm awareness and training into the NHS either by devoloping a new service or by incorperating it into an existing service within the Nottingham Health care trust . 
The Satanic aeon is upon us as we enter 2011 , the world is changing but unlike the cowards and the weak we do not fear this , we embrace it because we are the rulers of our own destiney , not the bi products of the actions of incompetent fools . Hail Satan 
You know when your onto a good thing when someone gets in your face and you can destroy them without even altering your step to componsate for it ( fuck spelling anything right like anyone really cares ) 
At last I can now play Bloodbowl on the 360 , its time for the Chaos Allstars to smash some skulls ... Die you poxy Wood Elves 
I couldnt care less is people want to live in their own lies and decieve themselves , just dont ever expect me to ever live within that world or accept any responsability for your stupidity . I respect those who respect themselves and have no time for anyone who is unable to comprehend the consequences of their actions on others . 
My bedroom light was a making a fizziling noise , started shooting sparks and then there was a bang . I think its safe to assume that it is completely fucked now . 
Born to Bleed fighting to suceed . Built to endure what this world throws at me . 
Their are 2 kinds of people in this world ... The ones who just bend over and get fucked by the world . Then their are those who make a stand and fight . 
FUCK OFF SNOW 
I went on a date and loved it , im really looking forward to Tuesday when I see her again . Im just trying to decide what to cook now . 
Im making a Hot Chilli with baked beans and Brussel sprouts in it . 
I was ice skating today with the Nottingham Panthers Ice hocky team and I only fell over 12 times in the space of an hour . The last 2 times was when i was trying to get back up from the 10th time . Their was a little girl laugthing at me round about the 6th time I fell over . 
slipped up again today and ended up sprawled out in the middle of a side road , so thats twice now . But on the plus side I got a scarf for a £ , so not only was I warm , I also got to look like a ninja today 
I wish that they would sort out the servers on the ps3 network for COD Black Ops because its doing my head in 
Got a 30 min mini teaching session to give tommorow for my teaching course 
Why give someone anti depresents when they are not depressed ? 
Cyclothymia and Bourdline Personality dissorder lots more CBT for me 
I have completed the Invest to Lead programme and also nearly completed my teacher training as well , just got the course work to do now . 
Those who sow in flames in ashes they shall reap 
Lucifer enlightens me and guides my mind , satan gives me the strength to follow through with my convictions , Lilith sustains me mind , body and soul , It was Astoroth that found me and provided me with the knowledge I needed to return from the abyss and truly walk this Earth with the Joy , Strength and Passion that only the Black Flame within can truly bring . 
I have now actually finished all my PTTLS ( teacher training ) coursework . I dont ever want to have write anouther essay or sit anouther goddamn exam ever again . 
for my next trick I am going to construct an entire " Recovery " focused training course from scratch . 
Now things are comming together nicely and starting to actuly move in my favour 
I am back and better than ever pure domition of the internet satanic domination and also nottingham is the fucking place to be because we fucking own it 
i AM SORRY AM i TO MUCH fOR sin OR ARE YOU ALL JUST A BUNCH OF FUCKING FAGS 
whats on my mind ? I am not actually sure who I am at the moment , frayed ends of sanity hear them calling me hahahaha 
This has been one hell of week 
Respect not pity or weakness , for they are a disease which makes sick the strong 
Test always your strength , for within lies success 
Discard not love but treat it as an imposter , but ever be just 
All that is great is built upon sorrow 
Reject all illusion and lies , for they hinder the strong 
What does not kill , makes stronger 
And die rather than submit 
