Off to work . Now I'm looking for a second job . Something to fill the evenings . 
Don't forget . TODAY IS MY B-DAY !! I accept PayPal and all major credit cards . HaHa . 
See you at the Cruise . 
" I've been looking forward to today for a week . " He said with a smile . " Or I might have to wait for tomorrow . " Said the voice . " Tonight would be good . " He said aloud to himself . " Yes . Good indeed . " The voice said . " If only ..... " 
I wonder ...... I hope . 
I'm in a very good mood today . 
Had a good B-day . Spent it with Dawn and her family . Didn't see many fireworks , made my own . ;-) 
What ? 
Tired . Worked all day yesterday untill 11 . THEN ... I helped tear-down the rides . Got home at 730 this morning . Its hard to lift my own arms . I'm tired ...... 
I'm workin the fair . Thats right ...... I'm a Carnie !! I'm working the kids ride Flying Tigers . I'm running it from 11-11 everyday . Come by and say hi if you happen to be at there . WOOT !! 
The start of another glorious work week . Doing good tho . I'm looking for a place to live . Anyone have a spare room ? LOL 
Cheap Bottle of Tequila = $11.95 / 6 Pack Of Bush Light = $4.99 +dep . / Getting Into A Drunken Fight With Your Girlfriend Who Can Easily Kick Your Ass = Just Plain Retarded . 
Let the work week commence . 
Bed Doth Call . For Mine eyes are weak . 
Yea !! The Fair is sooooooo much FUN !! Excuse me while I pass out . 
Hey peoples . I'm doin ' ok . Looking for a new job . FUN FUN !! Other than that things are awesome . 
Well the fight sealed it . Dawn and I split up . I have some work to do .... 
I'm moving back down to Cali . I tried to do it up here , but we know how things are right now . Wish me luck . College sounds like fun . 
Oh yeah ....... GO DUCKS !!! 
MMMM .... Looking forward to some Turduckin today !! For you that don't know , a turduckin is a turkey stuffed with a duck stuffed with a chichen . Mmmm Mmm Mmmm 
Had a great time last night . Might have drank a little too much . Rob tore it up . Word . For thoes that don't know .... Shamans and Smyths is the band . Look ' em up , listen , enjoy ! 
Is God willing to prevent evil , but not able ? Then he is not omnipotent . Is he able , but not willing ? Then he is malevolent . Is he both able and willing ? Then whence cometh evil ? Is he neither able nor willing ? Then why call him God ? ~ Epicurus ~ 341 BC - 270 BC 
Oh . I forgot to rub this in too ..... I'm watching the game in HD . Neener neener neeeeener !! :P 
Associate of Arts Degree in Liberal Arts and Sciences Emphasis in Social & Behavioral Sciences That . Get . 
I'm going to Citrus College . They accepted me(Like they wouldn't ) . I'm only starting w/ 3 classes . That way I can ease back into school , and I don't have any grants yet so I have to pay for it myself . I'm so excited . This is gonna be fun . 
Should I call her and say hi ? Should I tell her I miss her ? I wonder if she thinks about me .... 
I rule !! I got about an 72% in math and 97% in english . 
Had a great time tonight w/ John . Went to a bar where a friend was DJing . Then went to a gay bar and got hit on by every guy there . It was awesome . 
We must conduct research and then accept the results . If they don't stand up to experimentation , Buddha's own words must be rejected . -- Tenzin Gyatso , 14th Dalai Lama , 1988 
Its not that the glass is half full or half empty . Its that the glass is just too damn big . All you need is a smaller glass . 
We are a lost generation , desperately clinging to anything that feels real , but too afraid to become it ourselves . We are a defeated generation , resigned to the hypocrisy of those before us . We are the last generation , a culmination of all previous things , destroyed by the vapidity that surrounds us . A culture so detached and disconnected that it has stopped giving birth to anything new . ~ Douglas Haddow , Poet 
I'm off to register for classes . Wish me luck ! 
YEA !! I gots me one of those jobs . 
I just sent everyone a invite for IsAnyoneOutThere . I'm talking to one of the founders of the site , on the site . The site just opened this week . Its a really great concept . Defenatly worth looking at . 
You know what really sucks for me ? I live very close to the Rose Bowl but tickets for the game are INSANE !! I've seen prices from $145 @ Ticketmaster for a nose bleed seat . To $ 4,000 @ StubHub for a Suite that up to 4 people can be in . And they don't even go on sale untill the 8th !! 
WOW !!! I just got back from seeing Avatar in IMax 3D . ZOMFG !! Most kick ass movie EVAR !! 
So People .... What is your New Years resolution ? 
you know , replace " jesus " with " my genitals " , and that's a crime . and that's how we feel about it . religion should be like your genitals . it's fine to enjoy them , it's fine to be proud of them , just keep them to yourself unless invited to share . 
What do I do now ? The only hat I own is a Ducks hat . Damn it !! 
Wish me luck . I'm off to take my placement test . 
I have the internet on my computer now !! I don't know how we fixed it but we did !! Yea me !! 
I just want you all to know .... You were WRONG !!! I called her . She misses me as much as I miss her . So HA !!! 
Merry Happy everyone !! 
I'm just that freakin awesome . I got a class , finally . Its a P.E. class . But I get credit for it and I need to start working out again anyway . YEA ME !! 
When you don't sleep alot like me , its not in your best intrest to go to bed at 10pm . I woke up all bright eyed and bushy tailed at 4am . Its been a long , dark , quiet morning . 
Its like a big dish of succulent awesome smothered in a rich creamy awesome sauce . 
Well , my first day of school went pretty good . English looks like it gonna be fun with over 200 hours of crap to doin 6 weeks . Yes , over 200 hours . 
i can haz teh internets now !! gots teh lapttop to getz teh inernets . Nom Nom Nom .... 
I thought it was funny . Do you people know nothing of lol cats ? Remember .... Basement cat watches you sleep .... 
Happy New Year Peoples !! 
I want to share with everyone that I gots me a B- on my second essay . WoOt !! Tomorrow is my mid-term . Eeek !! 
You fucking rock . Did you know that ? Well I did . 
Ok . I got my mid-term back to day and I did alot better than I thought I would . I got a B . Not too bad if I say so myself . 
I don't want to sound like an asshole , but .... If people put their faith in other people and not into an imagineary being with the properties of Santa Clause and the Easter Bunny , we would be in a much better place than we are now . 
Do we really have to ask to know what the Urban Dictionary has to say about my name ? I didn't think so .... 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , mainly because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
My classes right now are ; Photography , Music Fundamentals , Voice , Sociology - Family , Marriage and Intimate Relationships , Philosophy/Logic , and Political Science . I know its alot . I'll probably drop either photography or political science . Probably photography . 
I dropped Photography . I had too many electives and it was in the morning . Now I can sleep in ... if it were possible ... 
I want to apologize . I told people I'd find out about my mid-term tomorrow , I'll find out on Monday . 
Fake people suck . Why do people only want to be your friend when you have something to offer them ? Its bullshit . 
Winter term is done . I wonder when I'll find out my grades . I have about a week of rest and then the real fun begins . Spring term . 
K try this - 1 ) Scroll to the bottom of your Facebook page . 2 ) On the bottom left corner , click English : US . 3 ) When the language selection appears , click English : Pirate . 4 ) Watch what happens ... Its freakin ' awesome !! 
Had a good time yesterday . Saw family I haven't seen in a long time . Going out tonight to see my cousin Rob and his band play . Should be a blast . 
Ah , morning . I love the stillness of the air . And the chirping of the birds . So peaceful . 
I need some advice . How do you talk to someone who doesn't speak or understand much English ? Should I learn some Japanese ? 
public announcement : DONT FORGET TO SPRING FORWARD TONIGHT ! 
All Guys named Peter are totally freakin ' awesome . All guys named Peter are devilishly good looking , Therefore , everything totally freakin ' awesome and devilishly good looking are guys named Peter . Logic , an epic win every time . 
Chick-fil-A = The best chicken sandwich in the world . 
( Reposted from friend ) Has your facebook been slow recently ? Some one else found this & I have found it on mine , not sure where it's from ---- To check your application settiings , go to Settings , select " application settings " , there you will find the ' show ' box , select " added to profile " , if you see one in there calle ... d " un-named app " delete it ... Its an internal spybot . 
I was asked , due to TMI , to remove my previous post . So I'll just say this ... I quit . 
French The Llama ! 
Computer classes are fun ! :P 
Damn . I'm home for 15 minutes and I'm already on my 2nd beer . :) 
Can you smell that ? The coffee is ready . I love it when the coffee is ready . :D 
I saw a quote earlier that I thought was kinda funny . I'll share it with you now ... 

" If your heart was really broken , you'd be dead . So shut up . " 
Traffic sucks !! Stuck on the 60 . 
Vernacularism to your female parental unit . Proclaim to her my salutations . Serenity be with you upon your exit , my non-blood related male kin . 
It's not enough to bash in heads . You have to bash in minds . 
This is bullshit . I sit down with my coffee to watch my Youtube subscriptions and theres only like 5 new ones . Now what the fuck am I gonna do with my morning ? I guess I could watch last nights Colbert . 
G'night Facebook 
Erin go bragh . 
We have our first preformance today at Chapman University . We're gonna rock it !! Just remember , you hear her before you see her ! :D 
Pursued by the goodness of mankind hither and thither - which I as little want to deserve as I deserve it - Humility of man towards man - it pains me - and when I consider myself in relation to the universe , what am I and what is He - whom we call the greatest - and yet - herein lies the divine in man -- Ludwig van Beethoven ( Immortal Beloved ; Letter #2 ) 
WARNING PLEASE READ - if someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this , it is a scam , they just want to see you naked . Please copy and paste this to your status . 
Mmmm ... Coffee from this morning and pizza from yesterday . Delicious . :) 
Had a good day with friends . :D 
Step by step . Heart to heart . Left , right , left . We all fall down . Like toy soldiers . 
I wanted to tell people ... If you want my number so you can text me or whatever , its in my info , all the way at the bottom . Just let me know who you are . Thank you and have a good evening . :) 
I'm bored ... 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you ... I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how wemet . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Fun to read some history . 
Wednesday , June 9 , 2010 is International F*ck-A-Friend Day . ;) Really ... Would I make up something like that ? 
There .... are .... FOUR ... lights !! 
This may be the last thing that I write for long . Can you hear me smiling when I sing this song for you and only you . 
First day back to school went pretty smoothly . :) 
I have over 30 pictures I'm putting on facebook . But it late and I'm tired . Tomorrow .... 
I tried sleeping . I woke up at 4 after tossing and turning for 4 hours with one of the knarlyiest earaches I've had in awhile . Its just now starting to feel better . 
They're filming something here at Disneyland today . :) 
I'll have my glasses in 7-10 days . They cost $500 . The frames were only about $70 , they are the bendy kind . I need bifocals , so I got the no line ones , and I got Transitions cause my eyes don't like the sun . 
In reviewing music for The Christmas Show I rediscovered something I've always known , Christmas music is EPIC . :) 
Where's the love people ? 
Mind the threefold law ye should , three times bad and three times good . 
An ' it harm none , Do what ye will . 
Blessed Be to thee . 
So does this mean I can now use facebook like people use twitter ? Awesome .... 
Word to the wise .... Never get into a fight with a mountain . It will win . 
I'm bored . Who wants to do something tonight ? Anything . Maybe even tomorrow , I'm free . 
Do you smell that ? The coffee is done . I love it when the coffee is done . ;) 
Happy Fathers Day Pops !!! 
Well , in 2 weeks I'm going to Vegas for the first time in my adult life . Should be a blast . 
Got an A on my Sociology final . :) Now , lets see what it does for my grade ..... 
Yay ! Mid-terms !! So far , so good . 
Has become of the four eyed variety . 
If you guys haven't noticed , I haven't been on facebook alot lately . I want to keep my focus on school and the internets distract me . I do miss hearing from all y'all . So , text me . And if you don't have my number , ask and I'll gladly give it to you . :) 
I just had a really random thought ... 
2 brothers . Sam Body and Noah Body .... 
I'd like to find them , meet them , shake their hands , and then slap their parents . :) 
Yeah .... Thats pretty random .... 
Happy Egg Day Peoples ! 
To whom it may concern : I'm sorry I keep Facebook open all the time . It makes it appear that I'm sitting at my computer when , in fact , I am not . Thank you and have a great afternoon . 
What a boring day today was ... 
Is all the work done by children ? 
No , not the whipping . 
At The Alpine Village . It starts at 6 . Come find me !! :) 
These happy random meetings we keep having are just not cutting it . I constantly find myself scanning the crowd for your face . Visiting the places we've encountered each other , hoping you'll take the same path again . I've made up my mind , its time to declare my intentions . 
I'm preforming tomorrow night with Concert Choir @ The Battle Of The Bands . We will be singing Bohemian Rhapsody & Somebody To Love by Queen . There will be many other VERY talented performers . It will be at 7:30 pm @ Citrus College . Tickets are $7 . Please come see us . It will be an awesome show . :) 
Extra strength audio reboneification . 
Stupid rain . I wanted to see the eclipse that starting RIGHT NOW !! 
Oh btw ... My choir class went to the recording studio today on campus and cranked out a few of our songs . It was fun . I can't wait to hear what we sound like . 
10 days till Vegas baby !! 
Had a fun day . Good friends , free food and softball . What more do you need ? 
I'm sweating to death . :) Feels good !! 
You're so vain , I bet you think this post is about you . Don't you ? 
On my way to Long Beach Pride . Should be a blast ! 
Ahhh .... A week off from school . The first thing I'm gonna do is sleep in ' till 8 ! I'll probably still wake up at 6 tho . Why !?! Haha . Word . 
I told you I'd post Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog . So here you go . :) Enjoy !! 
I have Txt now . So if anyone wants to get my number , let me know . For those of you that already have it ... I'll be expecting you . 
All I get from you people are sad faces ? No , " Hey , I'll cuddle with you . " ? Or an , " I know someone who might like you . " ? Even the cosmetology student who cut my hair today at school said she'd date me if she didn't have a boyfriend . She even mentioned setting me up with a friend of hers . And you call yourselves my friends . Pffttt . Naw , I'm just teasin ' . I know you all love me . Well , you put up with me anyways . 
BROTHER'S WEEK ... if you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , someone you can't do without , copy and paste this to your status . 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness - it isa sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this on your status if someone you know has suffered from depression . Will you please post it & leave on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 people will suffer from it at some point in their lives . 
Sweet , got the classes I wanted . 
I can't believe I have another 2 weeks to sit around and wait . I remember summer being cool . Now it's just ... inconvenient . 
I'm so bored , I'm trying to talk my Dad into letting me put a pond in his yard or cut down a juniper tree or 2 . Hell , at this point I'd even rototill the yard and lay fresh sod ... 
Goodnight world . 
Wish me awesomeness , I'm on my way to the last performance for this show . I'll let you guys know how it went later . 
I know I should be thankful but it feels like I'm taking an astronomy class for 3rd graders . 
Just got back from Vegas . All in all I lost about $140 . There were 2 different times where I turned $20 into about $100 at the roulette table . But then I gave it all back , go figure . I really want to go back and wander around more , I could spend hours just looking at everything . Gambling is just a plus . 
Had my CPR/First-Aid midterm and my Astronomy midterm today . Did awesome on the former and I think I did ok on the ladder . 
Stoopid power outage . 
I want a girlfriend . Well , I don't even need me one of those , a cute female to cuddle with will do just fine . I just miss being close to someone ... 
Well , I got an A in Music Fundamentals ! Piece of cake ... 
Today is going to be filled with sausage , beer , and chicken hats . I love October ... 
Well , tonight is the night . Tonight , 7pm @ Glenkirk Presbytarian Church 1700 Palopinto Ave . Glendora 91741 . It my concert final for Voice and Concert Choir . If you can make it , sweet ! If not , I hope to have something to put up on YouTube for your enjoyment . 
??? (•_•) ??? The Lakers !!!! 
Anyone else not looking forward to tomorrow night ? 
I didn't do anything today and it was awesome . :) 
Can you smell that ? The coffee is done . I love it when the coffee is done . 
" Ahoy ! sissy . What you got in your mouth sissy ? " - Earlameyer the Butt Pirate 
I don't know what I did to my shoulder/neck/arm but its been hurting for the last 3 days . 
I gots me some classes for the spring . Concert Choir(TR 1-3 ) , Weight Training(MW 9-1030 ) , History 103(TR 350-515 ) , Poli Sci 103(M 330-7 ) , CSIS 107(TR 9-1130 ) . If I can get the History of R&R I want on Tues&Thurs I'm gonna drop the CSIS class . 
Had a blast today at LA Pride . Good friend , good Jello shots and the best ting of all .... I didn't get hit on by any guys !! I was awesome . lol :) 
I just found 5 fucking grey ass hairs on my god dammed face !! 
The plan is to hit Disneyland today . 
Sitting in music class surfin the interwebs on a Mac . I hate Macs . No scroll wheel and no right click .... really , wth ? 
Trust me , I want twits that twittle . 
Do any of you remember the name of the kid band from last night ? 
Last final today . Wish me luck ! 
To the question asker/s : Facebook isn't posting all of my answers . 
Calling all of my Actor friends people : My " Pseudo " Step-Dad is putting on a 1-Man show and his Tech guy bailed on him . We need a techie . The job would be gratis/pro bono with a chance of compensation . Please let me know ASAP . 
Well , I finally have a real bedroom ..... for now ... 
That was awesome ... 
I'm sitting , here drinking my coffee , then BAM !! A bright white light fills the air followed directly by the sound of the sky being ripped apart . As I step outside the sky opens up and the downpour starts . Just then , a second burst of light and sound erupts more intense than the first , the power goes and the silence falls . And just like that , it was over . 
I'll be at the college watching the show . :) Yea !! 
Before I do it I wanted to see what you guys thought . Should I shave my head or not ? I'm tired of having hair ! I haven't had this much hair on my head in years . 
I did some more reading on bird and fish deaths around the world ... 
There were over 500 red winged blackbirds with a handful of starlings found dead just outside Baton Rouge . 
There were hundreds of thousands of dead fish in Chesapeake Bay . 
AND ... 
There were about 100 tons of sardines that washed up on the shores Parana in Brazil . 
Something is going on .... 
Thanks to Rissa Marie I got a class for winter term , Speech 100 :) 
I didn't slap you . I high-fived your face . 
To all you Singers who are going to be having a blast in NYC ; Be good . And if you can't be good , be safe . 
Oh , Power Point ..... its time I get to know you . We have 4 days to spend together and I want to make the most of it by exploring your nooks and crannies . Then I will work my magic and marvel at our wonderful creation . 
HAHA .... I just saw a city bus hit a cop car that had someone pulled over . 
Well I got a summer class . Earth Science 118 / Physical Geography / 7-10pm T W R . Fun fun !! 
What am I doing tomorrow ? 
I feel like crap .... 
Another night of class begins .... 
Muuhahhahah .... I have Facebook texting set up now . :) 
The Game . 
What the fuck is up with facebook ? 
But twitter is kinda retarded . I dont need to know when people do what while their doing it . But this might be useful in some way . I dont know how yet .... 
Yay !! I'm old !!! 
mnmlist : less 
Stop buying unnecessary things . 
Toss half your stuff , learn contentedness . 
Reduce half again . 
List 4 essential things in your life , 
stop doing non-essential things . 
Do these essentials first each day , clear distractions 
focus on each moment . 
Let go of attachment to doing , having more . 
Fall in love with less . 
Soon it'll be 10/10/10 10:10:10 and then again in the pm . Pretty cool ... :) 
goodnight to all who give a shit .... 
I'm always looking for something to put on failbook . Come on people , don't let me down . :) 
Ever have a cute friend you like ? And then you kiss and its like kissing a cute cousin ? Its quite depressing . But what am I gonna do , bitch ? I think not . :) 
madness .. Madness ... MADNESS !!! 
I'm sweating !! Sweet ..... 
It doesn't take a reason to love someone , but it does to like someone . You don't love someone because you want to , you love someone because you are destined too . It's because you fall in Love with them , that you then try to find a reason , but you always come up withthe answer , No reason . 
I hate alot of whites and I hate alot of blacks . I hate poopin ' in public places , but we all hate that . I hate lesbian feminists cause they're all so damn ugly . I hate super-models too cause they'll never ever want me . And I hate Regis , and I hate Kathy Lee . I hate every single movie by that midget Spike Lee . 
I finally ordered my Blu e-cig thing . After it gets here , no more real cigarettes for Peter . Yay ! I wont stink any more ! :) 
I love all the B-day wishes , but its not until tomorrow ..... 
Damn .... this is the slowest 15 minutes ever . I just want to register ..... 
Who's doin ' what today ? Me , I'm cleanin ' the house . After that I want to get out of the house . Might go see a movie or wander aimlessly around the mall or both . :) Anyone wanna tag along or have a better idea ? 
Happy 4th everyone ! Hope ya'll had a good day today !! 32 ... damn ... oh well . 
Hey guys ... Find and add me ... 
http://twitter.com/#!/Ozuim 
Disneyland today . :) 
Did you catch the epic episode of Community ? Its was Christmastastic !! :) 
The concert went pretty good last night . Now for tonight , lets see if I can NOT sing the second " Ho boys ho " in " How The West Was Won " , like I'm not supposed to . And lets see if that one damn trumpet can actually hit the notes he/she is supposed to . 
It's funny , I haven't even touched my computer at all for the last 2 days . Except only to plug my touch in . It's official , I'm an addict ... 
Term - 455 out of 654 = 70% C 
Not to bad . A B would have been better but I didn't do any of the homework , so I can't bitch . 
Calm down people , its only finals . What could go wrong ? :) 
To all those who care to know .... Grades are out on BlackBoard . My GPA for the term is 2.87 :D 
Who is doing what today ? Can I come ? :) 
I'm an UNCLE !! My little brother is a Dad , weird . 
I need to find something else to take pics of . But I have a lot of spiders in my yard .... 
would really like to go to The Land with a certin someone , but has to set up for a party that someone can't make it to ... 
I'm excited to see you guys tomorrow . :) 
Wow .... 
220lbs ... 
No way .... 
Really ? 
Really . 
Damn ... 
But I wear 34 and a med . shirt . 
Kinda .... 
Shut-up . 
Make me .... 
Conversation I had with myself about 5 minutes ago .... 
I like Facebook on my iPod a whole lot better . Come to think of it , I haven't really used my computer for almost a week . My little 14 " laptop screen looks so huge now ... :) 
Good night .... 
Let's see how creative my facebook friends are .... 
Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... 
Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun ! 
Goodnight FB . I'm dragging my sad , lonely ass to bed . Catch ya in the AM . 
If you can't tell , I just went thru my YouTube subs . Don't worry people , I'll post the pictures today . Before the first performance , I promise . 
" Oh look , I ordered 1 frozen yogurt and they gave me 2 , by mistake . You don't happen to like frozen yogurt do you ? " 
" Its my favorite . " 
" What a crazy random happenstance . " 
Should I keep the goat or get rid of it ? ( We're talking about face hair here ... ) 
Goodnight world , I'll see you tomorrow . ;) 
1 . Go to Google maps . 2 . Go to " Get Directions . " 3 . Type Japan as the start location . 4 . Type China as the end location . 5 . Go to direction #43 . 6 . Laugh , and repost . 
Stuck at school untill 10 today and tomorrow . Happy happy , Joy joy ... 
Your Class for registration purposes is Sophomore . 
Sweet .... 
Well hello there Facebook , in my hands . :) 
Ok . I'm going to Disneyland this weekend regardless . I really don't want to go by myself but I will if I have to . I might even go saturday AND sunday cause I'm that awesome . :) 
Should I get up off my ass and put lights on the tree ? 
Good Morning :) 
Party went pretty good . I had alot of fun . Slept more comfortably than I have in awhile . ;) 
Who wants to take me to The Land this weekend ? I don't have a way to get there . :( 
Really .... why am I still up ? 
During the whole of a dull , dark and soundless day , in the autumn of the year , when the clouds hung oppressively low in the heavens , I had been passing alone on horseback , through a singularly dreary tract of country , and at length , as the shades of the evening drew on , found myself within view of the melancholy House of Usher . 
I like ' em little and cute , with enough room to shove a lot of stuff into . :) 
We haven't had ONE person knock on the door tonight ... 
I'd like to give a shout out to all the people that weren't cool in high school . 
You're awesome . ;) 
Ok , I'm trying out RockMelt . We'll see how it goes . If any of you want to try it I have 3 invites for the beta testing . And if you don't know what i'm talking about , look it up and get back to me . :) 
Second time in a row I've forgot to do my Astronomy homework ... 
Remember ..... 
Ceiling Cat watches you . 
I got stuck in line for an hour at Kmart behind 2 Armenian ladies while they had the checker price-check each and every item . Over $450 worth of cheap purses , cheap shoes , cheap earrings and underwear . 
I'm Like Gossamer , the big red hairy monster from the Marvin the Martian cartoons . I overwhelm , smother and scare those I want to be around the most . Then , as they run in fear , I sit wondering what I did wrong . 
Has anyone tried the RockMelt browser ? I'm thinking about giving it a try . 
I'm bored . Someone text me or something or email me or IM me ... 
All day long my face has been glued to the app store and I've been up since 3:30 . I think it might be time to go to sleep now ... 
Damn it !! I lost The Game . 
Please , join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let everyone know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind of ... unstoppable . Together , we can make a difference . 
Carpe diem , quam minimum credula postero . 
HOLY SHIT !!! 
I just got an e-mail from my Sociology teacher about my grade . I'll just repost it here ... 
Peter , 

Your total points came to 194 which is a D , and yes , 6 points from a C . But you always attended class , and participated , so I bumped it to a B . 
FUCK YEAH !! 
I love you all . DFTBA . :) 
To all of you in Christmas Is ... That was awesome ! :) 
For those who care --- Right now the app for the game Driver is free right now . 
I think it cool anyways .... 
Do you guys miss me when I don't log on for a week or 2 ? 
Damn it all to hell !! I went months , MONTHS !! without losing The Game and I've now lost it at least 5 times in the last 4 days . 
You just lost too .... 
The Game 
Who's doin what after our performance ? Anyone wanna go somewhere afterwards ? We should get a big group together and go eat or something ... Alot of you are under 21 , so a drink or 2 is out of the question . 
I just realized I haven't touched my ipod in 2 days . Now I feel like a piece of me is missing .... 
Dude .... if you have an iPod or an iPhone .... SoundHound just updated and now you get free unlimited song IDs . I don't know about the one on the android market . But if you know what I'm talking about .... its kind of a big deal .... 
Damn , I just had 31 people in my chat . I think that might be a record . Whats your record ? 
Ok ... I'm over winter break . This whole sitting around the house thing is getting old . I'm about ready to clean and reorganize the garage .... 
What do you guys think happened to the 3,000 red winged blackbirds and the 100,000 drum fish that mysteriously died in Arkansas ? I've read that everything from lightning , diseases , tectonic activity , even secret testing of a poison gas . But all these explanations leave out one major detail , it happened to only one species of bird and fish . Quite odd ... 
I feel alot better today . Being sick sucks ... 
Oh crap .... pictures .... Sorry Mo . 
Woke up at 3 . Tossed and turned ' till 4 . Gave up and watched tv . 
I'll chase you through the yard and all through the house into the dark . I wanna steal your heart and eat your brains . 
I've never been so true , but if my heart were still beating , it would beat for you . I wanna steal your heart and eat your brains . 
