is pumped for his heroes marathon tomorrow night with John ! 
anybody have an extra verizon phone i could have/buy ? 
summer reading- what's the point ? 
i'm finally back from camp 
going to the beach today 
go to www.pray4sergio.com 
if anyone is in gulf shores let me know 
drove from 9pm til 12:30 AM . going to bed now . beach tomoro 
is shipping his xbox 360 off to get fixed finally . 
spent the whole day washing the car ... It looks really really clean now though . 
juat watched old greg for the first time . 
sorry if I'm annoying anyone , but does anybody have a verizon phone they could give me ? 
is going to see Wicked tonight . Anyone else going to be there ? 
Wicked was awesome . 
is watching " Knowing . " pretty freaky movie 
driver's ed tomorrow . Anybody else going to Max Maxwell this week ? 
just joined lifetime fitness . Going there tomoro morning 
max maxwell is the funniest driver teacher i know . 
is attempting to fix his Porsche 
HEROES MARATHON !!!! THANKS BE TO NETFLIX !!! 
football scrimmage today . and i still have 400 summer reading pages to get done 
finally finihed summer reading . moving furniture in my room to get ready for NCAA football parties every saturday 
shaved his head today at football . anyone want to se a movie tonight ? 
has too much homework for the first day of school 
Does anyone have heroes season 3 i can borrow ? 
its oficcially the lasy day of summer 
still has about 300 pages to read 
meteor shower tonight 
" i'm on patron tequila , i'm drunk on margarita " 
anybody know a good website for the history project ? 
its officialy the lasy day of summer 
heroes marathon tonight !!!... as soon as i can get an audio cable for my xbox 360 ... 
does anyone have a parking space near 56 ??? 
is reading 
another week of school ahead ... when will summer get here ? Briarcrest game tomorrow 
is reading . shaving my head tomorrow at football . 
bought a mini fridge , met a fellow die hard USC fan in Memphis , finally got some rest after a week of rough school . Good day today . 
briarcrest game tomoro 
just got all philosophical and figured out the answer to life ... and the english essay 
" all you're hearing is your own echo " 
doesnt know what to do ... probably going to study 
papaer due thursday , paper due friday , 2 tests and a quiz friday , reading due thursday , steak night thursday night , then weekend . 
finished my paper . now time for bed . 
anybody know where i can get the alfred song ? 
is on his last summer reading book- " The Once and Future King " 
doesnt like homework over holiday weekends 
working on my essay . wondr how late i'll be up 
farmville needs to be an ipod touch app . 
paper due friday , paper due tomorrow , 2 tests and a quiz friday , test and a quiz tomorrow , reading due tomorrow ... steak night tomorrow night . 
270 pages to go . 2 days to do it 
COLLEGE FOOTBALL ! 
is about to start the case for a creatror ] 
when does young life start ? 
shaved his head at football 
just watched the first 2 dvd's of his netflix membership 
i forgot what sunshine looked like ! 
missed his ride to football . 
my ipod touch is broken i think . The screen won't come on , and i've tried everything that's worked before . 
is extremely upset because his netflix won't work ! 
i'm tired , but have a great paper . studying for chemistry and spanish now . SBEC tomorrow . 
go iowa ! 
great dance 
working on some psat thing for my mom . football practice ... then back to school 
wants to buy a mcabook this weekend 
USJ tonight . It'll be a great game to see . 
go mississippi state ! 
Actually learned something in chemistry today . Game tonight then going to sleep . 
why is everybody going to the fair tonight when there's football to watch !!!!??? 
In the DG Sorority house at SC . Just got done with the football rally . Saw Matt Barkley and Joe McKnight . Got some autographs . Off to roam the Streets of L.A. and Hollywood . 
steak night was the best yet . the weather is so cold . i'm going to be freezing at the game tomorrow 
im watching Braveheart for the first time . What a good movie 
College Football 
soccer game tonight . 
what a day of upsets 
my sister's show got picked up by MTV now too . Exciting . 
cod mod war 2 
My sister is home , my Porsche is fixed , I just ate Chinese ... great great great day in the middle of a week of exams 
Im thankful that we didn't have much homework this wekend 
just watching a ton of movies because i have netflix and it's christmas break . 
why do Porsche parts cost so much !!!??? 
www.nadia-bjorlin.com 
does anybody have the cd version of " Once and Future King " ? I want to borrow it 
bought a frisbee for driver's ed . 
is finished with his paper finally 
FIGHT ON LANE KIFFIN !!!!!!! Good luck Pete Carrol . We've enjoyed your coaching . 
I want to do something . 
Doing id terms for history class all day today . 
WOW ... people are already going to bed ? I still have algebra 2 homework ... and 2 insanely hard quizes tomorrow that i havent studied for at all ! 
get to drive the Porsche today 
its officialy the lasy day of summer , and i cant go to sleep and i have a boatload of reading to do 
finished my 69 id terms 
Tomorrow is friday ... i'm ready for the weekend to be here 
cant learn this stupid prologue . This is such a stupid assignment . 
FIGHT ON ! 
I am ready for a break from homework . Hopefully It won't kill me this weekend . 
Memorizing Canturbury tales . Hopefully Coach Brink won't grade too hard . 
how much longer until summer break ? 
Has anyone noticed that people are suddenly becoming fans of " ... and 37 other profiles . " Why are people becoming fans of so many things ? 
Going to the UAB game tonight 
i really dont want to do homework 
New facebook ... it will take some getting used to . But i still miss the original facebook . 
getting a new phone tonight . pretty exciting stuff 
IT'S BOB ? / This is bob , copy paste him on / ? every update you see so he can / \ take over Facebook . You've been Bobbed 
Good game memphis 
Saints 
' s parents are looking for him . If you know , please comment ! 
I like the rain ... especially on Christmas eve . 
actually learned the canterbury thing ... finally . 
I really hate it when teachers pile on homework over long weekends because they think you will actually do it with your free time . Do they think we have nothing to do on days off ? 
Just had my mind blown by Hunter Hambrick . 
i have just barely scraped the surface of my droid ... 
Congrats sis ! I'm so proud of you ! 
i sat down to do homework 2 hours ago ... and i still havent openned a book yet 
Trebuchet = broken ... 
State champs . Great game . 
I'm taking lifetime fitness employee tests online so that the corporate offices can send me my paychecks . just got the " sexual harrasment " powerpoint and quiz . Do they realize i'm only 17 and don't want to date or get in bed with my bosses ? 
I miss the days when Spring break was stressless . I miss the days when gas was affordable . Sometimes , I miss the days of ignorance . 
The College tour tour has begun . Hitting up alabama , auburn , florida and Georgia tech over the next 3 days . Lots of roadtripping 
It finally feels like spring . Wish spring break lasted another week or two 
Just finished my campaign posters . DON'T BE A KNOB , VOTE FOR ROB !!!!! 
Don't be a ---- , vote for rob ! 
Duck tape really fixes everything ... including " inappropriate " campaign slogans . It's funny how it offended a couple teachers but none of the students thought anything bad about it . Oh well , " Don't be a _________ , Vote for Rob ! " 
Kanakuk accepted me ! Can't wait ! 
the more effort you put into the outline , the easier it'll be in the next step 
i just realized i can sleep until 9:30 . just made my night . 
Watching dinner for schmucks . 
Just solved a 5 star difficulty sudoku with nathan roelofs in bible class 
anyone going to musicfest today ? 
Fall fest tomorrow , then day off , then football game . Great weekend ahead . 
First day of triathlon training tomorrow 
I've got free wifi on the plane . Cool ? I think yes . 
I am so tired . I think I slept in every class today . 
Just got my #7 jersey signed by Matt Barkley himself . Very very very successful night . 
The droid just got an update from verizon . I don't have to plug it up to itunes , download the new software , then reinstall all my stuff ... plus its free . 
In starkville . About to witness a very good game . 
This looks like its going to be a good game . 
Back from the best term ever ! I'm the runner-up cherokee chief ... I'm proud of my cherokee bros for winning another great term . 
genesis weekend was fun . Jamie Tutor is lucky that the Ole Miss " Bears " beat Tulane . 
Feeling sick . 
Standing in line at the germantown court building . This is exciting . 
Free food sounds great right now ... anybody know where I can get some ? 
Going to my grandmothers house to get up at 6AM to make some good ole stew with the whole family . 
Excited for memphis basketball starting up in a month 
Barbeque sauce comes from pigs- jamie tutor 
2-1 .... lakers lead the series 
Robinhood = beastest movie since gladiator 
spent the last 5 hours picking parking spots for everybody . 
i really hope everyone enjoys their parking spots . if you need to know where yours is , just comment here and I'll try to let you know . 
Could there be anymore girls at crysallis ? For real ! 
Favorite facebook status ive read this summer- " checking out carrie underwood's wedding pictures ... i've never been so attracted to a woman yet at the same time be so angry . " 
Somebody please take away taylor swift's license to sing ! 
Chess club was awesome 
just had the most satusfying laugh this month . 
Pretty successful day 
just wrote an 800 word chemistry paper in about 45 mins .... I don't even know what i just typed . 
English outline all day today 
Be home from starkville in 10 minutes . Long but fun dy 
" I'm Not Over " - Carolina Liar 
in my dream , it was 6:33 in the afternoon . I woke up and got dressed frantically because i have a certification test at 6pm that i couldnt be late for . It wasnt until i was almost in my car did i realize it was 10 in the morning . 
Did anybody see nightmare on elm street ? 
Jut bought a hammock . Best investment of my life 
First swim meet . Cracked the screen on my phone . 
Ecs jv soccer is the best . 
USC football in T-minus 4 minutes 
resuming my avatar marathon . 
Mellow mushroom 
pretty good day 
Graduated from lifeguard school . I'm now a " certified protector of the lives and well-being of the patrons of the water " - sentence in my study book . 
Interviewing for a lifeguard job at windyke in a few minutes . 
something is not right today . and i cant put my finger on the problem 
A lakers ' buzzer beater ... and it wasn't shot by kobe bryant ? Way to go pau gasol ! 
i will be happy when school is over . soccer all afternoon then straight to lifeguard training , then back home at 10 where i'll probably fall asleep looking over AP euro notes . If i even look over them . but i get to miss school tomorrow . 
messing with itunes . 
Driving through the rain and hail is a favorite past time of mine 
going to be a great day . 
I'm missing all my kanakuk and komo friends right now ... badly . wish we all lived in branson with joe and chief ! 
summer is finally here . I'm a junior . Going to prestige tonight before i go to sleep 
At home ... sick with the flu I think . 
Finally , we will learn something useful in AP European history ... how to play risk . 
It is finally over . 
I just lost a cod game because a guy got a nuke from a care paxkage in hardcore search and destroy 
When do the lakers play ? 
Lakers , you scared me . But thanks for winning . 
So i learned something new about facebook ... underneath a friend's profile picture , you can see literally everything you have in common by clicking the " Friendship " button . Anyone who looks at that kind of stuff seriously has too much time on their hands . 
Fun night . 
Why can't life just be easy ? 
saw a commercial for the movie " The Last Airbender . " cant wait to paint up and go see it . 
Just watched 2 kids get escorted by police out of musicfest for drinking . 
First exam down , 4 more to go . 
loves nights that are spent listening to hours of music and getting nothing done , but you feel so much better than when you woke that morning up and thought to yourself " crap , i have school . " and getting there 15 seconds before 2nd bell ... 
What is the point of studying ? These exams can't mess up your grade that much . 
10PM and i still have about 600 words to type 
start my lifeguarding class tonight 
Ok , so I'm wearing my 3 Doors Down backstage pass when I learn that 3DD , cancelled at the last minute . Other than that , today was a great day and a better night 
throat is getting pretty sore . 
I don't want to go to lifeguard training tonight . 
Playing mario brothers on the original nintendo . 
Proud of my sister . 
Everybody has an iphone or an android operating system lookup the application hey tell in your application market . Coolest application I've ever download . 
Got the job at windyke 
Seriously Trojans !? 3 different sports crippled , 2 undefeated regular seasons and 2 bowl appearances stripped away ... including a heisman . Best get it together ! 
i wish i was at kamp kanakuk right now with the rest of my 1st term buddies . but i'll be there june 13th ! 
Sleeping on a fouton at chrysalis . Got super luck to be assigned the fouton . 
not a bad day so far 
In christ alone , my hope is found ... in the death of christ , I live ... I am his , and he is mine . I'm bought with the precious blood of christ . 
Matt barkley calls out Oregon ... looking forward to this weekend's USC vs Oregon game . 
I did a few too many gainers and double front flips today at work ... my back and butt sting from landing in the water . 
Off to Kanakuk for 13 days . Be back on the 25th . I'm pumped . 
half past 12 , and an idea struck me for an SLI event . so now im wide awake , planning this event . 
I'm exhausted . was up way too late . 
In the cartoon avatar last airbender , nobody ever dies ... despite the fact that fire is getting flung , and the avatar is demolishing firenation cities and ships 
Anyone going to the collierville fireworks tonight ? 
The A-Team ... = amazing movie 
wish i could skip forward to sunday 
" If you're going to sin , sin boldly ... " - C.S. Lewis 
anyone going to Mercy Me tomorrow ? 
hit every possible green light on the way to school this morning . set a record time- 10 mins . 
Legitimately , does anyone want to drive/ride to nashville for MLK day this Monday ? 
Come on lakers . 
What a game ! Celtics weren't ready for orlando ... 
got to 5th prestige on cod today , planted a blueberry bush in my backyard today , ordered a bunch of bike parts today , got some USC stuff today , got some lifeguarding hours today ... pretty good day . 
two wods ... college football 
procrastination is the key to success . giving up is always the best way to go . if you never succeed , then you dont know what youre mising when you fail . God created COD on the 8th day . - some of my favorite quotes 
check out dudeperfect.com to see some crazy trick shots . one of these guys was my friend from camp this summer . its so legit 
okay trace this is for you ... like my status and I'll tell you what I like about you . 
whats the best thing i've heard all day ? answer : someone telling me that i've been different ever since i got back from camp ... i'm still smiling . just made my 13 days well worth it ! 
Just openned my huckleberry Finn book and fluted out 60 pages that I have to read for tomorrow . I then closed my book and went to spark . notes . 
Just lost the game . 1st time all summer ... kesler , fisher , jamie , joseph 
is anybody going to study for noah brink's english exam ? I know I'm going to wing it . 
Deja vu ... 
2 days ago i ordered 5 things from ebay . they all came in today except for the most imprtant part ... why ? 
Great night . Chuck will have a season 4 ! Its official . And last 90 minutes of school tomorrow . 
just got a text telling me i have an hour and a half to pack my trunk for camp . definately not going to get it packed in time 
lakers ... what are you doing ? 
God is so very faithful . " All things that happen turn out for the good of those who love the Lord . " - says Paul in Colossians i think ... I've memorized to much of Paul's wisdom and such . a great problem to have ! 
going to the REO Speedwagon concert tonight . 
Thunderstorm tonight ? I think yes ! 
I Love Kellie selberg ! 
At toy story 3 with my little brother . 
i really hope it doesnt rain tomorrow afternoon 
Got my first paycheck today . $27.70 
Serious question : would people be seriously interested in a swing dance get together ? 
Think I'm going to take ballroom dancing lessons so I can learn to swing dance and tango and stuff . Any suggestions on where to take them ? 
If God had been a liberal , we wouldn't have the Ten Commandments . We'd have the Ten Suggestions . 
passed my WSI class and now i can teach swim lessons and stuff . going to break the bank . 
Life is unexplainable . But the best part is , God has a plan , and all things happen for the good of thos who love the lord and follow him ... 
get my braces off in a week . its about time 2 and a half years is long enough for braces 
I actually really really liked " Sorcerer's Apprentice . " It was honestly really good . Good job Disney for making a really good live action movie . 
about to do some geocaching . 
Anybody have a wireless adapter for xbox 360 I could borrow for a while ? 
The one classic rock singer that I would kill to see is having his last performance in vancouver , canada in one month . He opens for the beach boys ... but I can't go . 
Exams . 
Braces are off of my face now . 
" Summon the eagle nation ! " 
i reallly hop it doesnt rain tomorrow afternoon 
Nfl football ! 
about to watch some USA soccer 
Psalms 1 ! 
BE AMPLIFIED !!!!! 
new dream car- Lexus LFA Roadster . starting at $ 375,000 
Go wisconsin ! Go State ! 
i am sick . 
Felling pretty reassured . 
Parked a block away from autozone park tonight for free . And I got a free redbirds dinette set . Solid afternoon . I'm excited 
According to Sports Illustrated and the federal judges in Connecticut , cheerleading is not a sport . This is what I like to hear ! 
girls are so dramatic sometimes . especially the blondes . 
does anybody else have an erie feeling about today ? like something terrible is going to happen ? 
Watchin madagascar at the windyke flick-n-float . 
3 -a-days officially started 5 minutes ago . 
" Let us love one another , for love is from God and whoever loves has born of God and loves God . " 1 John 4:7 
Blessed are those who walk not in the counsel of the wicked , nor stand in the way of scoffers , nor sit in the seat of mockers . -psalm 1:1 
I feel like michael vick is legitimately trying to change . Comments ? 
Watching sorcerer apprentice 
Just finished the act ... 
Everyone I know that saw inception says its a phenomenal movie . They tell me to see it because its incredible . 
Windyke party tonight . 
sparknotes are genius . thank you to whoever invented sparknotes 
the weekend is here . finally , a break from school 
i like toast . lolz . 
I openly resent the SEC and the 60% of fans that are bandwagoners and the 20% that is always intoxicated and the last 19% that is always obnoxious . 1% is cool . 
What !? Fighting Gravity didn't win ?????????????? What is this ?... A democracy !? 
two words ... college football 
Installing skype . Robinson . littrell 
When you have an argument about the definition of faith with your friend , you know you've got a good friend . 
is there a " poke " counter on facebook ? 
Just spent a good deal of time trying to get out of Shelby Farms with Alex Hugo and his canoe . 
Mississippi state tomorrow 
Sitting on a bench in santa monica , california . Life is good . 
Looks boss . I'm so cool . 
Just installed an incredible radio in my car . Took 4 hours roughly . 
not a fun day . I miss my beast , hope he has a full recovery soon ... sorry Kathleen Albritton 
i want a new profile picture . 
Going to see the porsche tonight probably . Very excited . 
On my way to california . 
Another beautiful Sunday wasted by homework . We can legalize abortion but not put laws against homework on 65° days ??? 
" I'm puttin my shades to cover up my eyes . im jumpin in my ride , im headin out tonight . im solo , im ridin solo " Jamie Tutor 
hahahahaha ! mouf on you Ole Miss ! your quarterback cant play . sucks to be in the SEC ! Pac-10 is where it's at ! 
9/11/10 
Barbeque sauce comes from pigs- @jamie tutor 
found my memas elvis presly collection . listening to it through the night for sure . missing her 
Best episode of Chuck ever . 
Boston is beating the " gods of basketball . " Keep it up Celtics . Make lebron eat his words " losing the openner isn't quite as bad as 9/11 . " What was that lebron ? 
won the game with Steven Cox today at fallfest ! go xterras ! 
Fall break . 
Never thought a laser pointer could be so fun 
Who wants to go to cheesecake factory this spring ? I'm being serious . Feeling like we need to caravan this spring to Nahville . If you want to ride with me , let me know . Jamie Tutor John Sanders Ben Tansey Matt Kesler Joseph Campbell Joseph Dyson 
go Oregon ! 
my dad and I are trying to figure out why on earth TCU and Boise State are ranked in the top 5 ahead of LSU and Stanford . any ideas ? 
Exams are finally over 
Who wants to go to cheesecake factory this spring ? I'm being serious . Feeling like we need to caravan this spring . If you want to ride with me , let me know . 
Why is there always so much to read for english over the weekend ? 
I don't want to do homework 
Happy valentines day to my sweetheart , Kathleen Albritton . I'm crazy about ya . 
heard thunder for the first time in about ... 3 months . forgot what it sounded like . 
Listening to the " Phantom of teh Opera " soundtrack ... wishing Josi Ingram , Emma Hutto , Ben Olsen , and David Wherry didn't distract me from that movie Friday night . 
great weekend of football 
With Kathleen ! Um .. yes . 
openning tonight tomorrow . loooking forward to seeing my lunch table dressed up in neon in the crowd 
Great night . 
great day for something outside , forget about homework . 
8 hours by broom . 
" Fear can turn to love " - the phantom ... from The Phantom of the Opera . 
Does anybody want to help me install this remote start in my car ? 
remote start is installed 

Kathleen Albritton 
5 consecutive national wins ... but this is the first time the SEC has actually won it . Look at the last 4 games and tell me that both teams deserved to be there 
Feeling pretty reassured 
Why is kathleen so cool ? Why can't I be more like her ? She's the best . 
why does facebook keep changing ? it's really annoying 
Who is coming over tonight ? 
got a remote start for my xterra . bunch of wiring to do tomorrow morning 
Iphone ... welcome to the universe's greatest network . 
