wants to change her career and get out of the South !!!! 
........... 
ahhhh , i finally got my dose of city . hopefully it will last me for a while . 
is thinking ... 
hey everybody !!!!!! Yeah i don't have anything to say , just wanted to say hey ! 
wow . its really late . bet no one else is up right now and feeling nice like me . 
Thank you everyone !!! I had a wonderful Birthday !!!! Love you all ! 
nothing !!!!! 
Being a grown up sucks !!! 
too much stuff to do , so little time ... 
absolutely nothing is on my mind . 
huntsville really could use some sidewalks . 
Merry Christmas all !!!!!!! 
Can't sleep !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
still up too . 
There is so much on my mind , i don't even know where to start . I saw a shooting star the other night . What does it mean ? 
oh yeah , its not new years yet ... 
Happppy New Year !!! 
Its drawing time !!! 
oh well , guess i won't be making it to philly :( 
Tomorrow is Wednesday . I really don't like Wednesdays . 
its time to let my creativity flourish . can't hold it in no more . it's coming out ... now !! 
i guess no one has any children's choir songs in the back of their head ... 
I'm so not ready to go back to work !!!! Work sucks !!!!!!! 
Anybody know any good songs i can teach the children's choir ??? 
thank god wednesday is almost over . 
another week has begun . can't wait till its over . 
aww spring break is already halfway over ! Quick i have to have some more fun before i have to go back to work !!! 
things are finally working in my favor , sigh ... 
tomorrow is wednesday . i hate wednesdays . 
Relaxing weekend begins now ! 
its funny how when it comes down to it , people will show their true colors . and as much as i love color , those ones are hideous . 
I've come to the realisation that when it comes down to it nobody- and I mean nobody really has your back . I guess that's why we're supposed to lean on Jesus ... even though we can't see him or can't always hear him ... that is so hard to do cause I'm a realist . But He has stripped me of all distractions I guess ... 
I'm gonna have a great day today . I claim it !! 
If Romeisha Shade does not stop wearing that hideous red suit with the not long enough sleeves and the huge shoulder pads and the red buttons down the side with the flairing out at the bottom of the jacket ,.... I Will Boycott WAFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate Alabama !!!! Someone get me out of this state full of poor republican idiots !!! 
I'm free I'm free !!!!! No more work til Monday !!! Yayyyyy !! 
Thanking God for another year of life for my son , Dj . He's not so little anymore- the big 6 ! 
Watching the drama of the NJ housewives . Back to back . luv it ! 
Well folks , back to the grind , getting ready for church ! Hmmm what shall I play today ...? 
zzzzzzzzzzzzz ...... 
is hoping i can make some money very soon !!! Anybody need piano lessons ?? 
There goes those ugly colors again . 
wow . nate was a good friend and a beautiful person . i will be remembering the good times , and the good music . My thoughts and prayers are with his family . its like you never get to say goodbye ... 
noooo !!! I'm not ready to go to work tomorrow !!! wait !!! 
Blah blah blah blah 
Don't put all your eggs in one basket . 
Wow what a weekend !!!! 
I mean , how long can u hold a grudge ??? 
I'm really hating my life right now 
i'm completely content right now . Good music , good wine , and good colors . Working it out on the paper . I'm alive !!!! 
i had a nice restful weekend with my babies ... 
wednesday is over . sigh ... 
g'night FB . 
the whole fam will be here this weekend !!!! how exciting !! full house !!! 
Bout to order some papa gyros !! Mmmmm , can't wait !! 
why must students act so crazy on their first day back to school ??? 
sigh .... 
What is the question and answer game ???? 
Dj : good morning mommy ! Me : good morning dj ! Dj : ( sneezes and picks something off of the carpet ) look mommy , my tooth ! 
Loving life 
uggghhh !!! don't wanna go back to work tomorrow :( 
I'll be leaving huntsville in two days , yippee !!! 
Middle school kids freely allow themselves to be used by the DEVIL !!!!!!!!! They are horrible . 
so , i am about to embark on a change of career path . enrolling back into school to pursue my true passion . A little scary but a lot exciting !!! Wish me luck ! 
i had a gloomy day today ... cloudy and humid all day :( church was super emotional ... 
One more day til I get a break ! 
successful monday , getting my students ready for graduation . Can't wait til may 25 !! 
yup . just checking in before i head to work . facebook is like crack . 
ummmmm , nothing at all .... 
I'm waiting to exhale ... come on Thursday !! 
is so tired ... 
ahhhhh , friday ... 
i feel like poop right now and i don't know why . any suggestions ? 
likes it on the couch or on the piano !!! 
Last week of school !!!! Yay !!!! 
i just painted my toes and they look pretty . 
Just went to see The Color Purple tonight . It was so inspiring . I loved it !! Wish i could just live on broadway !!! 
So I had a great weekend . Hurry and go fast week so I can get to next weekend !! 
why am i still up ???? 
my break has officially begun ... now ! 
So i will be working for a summer camp that won't pay me enough to allow my own kids to go to . They won't even offer me a discount !!! And this camp is through a church-A very well off one , i might add . So , i have to drive my kids across town to another camp that at least offers a scholarship , and is not affiliated with any church . What's wrong with this picture ??????? 
is so bored ... 
What is the time frame for when you keep trying to do something but you're not doing it well . When is it ok to just give it up ? 
Well everyone , my day officially sucks ! So sick of dissappointment . Huntsville city schools are to blame for this one . I hate Alabama !! 
so . what now ?? 
i'm cleaning the scavengers out of my life once and for all . good riddance !! Lol . 
My brookie bear has a fever :( and my eyes are burning from waking up at two in the morning . I love being a mommy ! 
still bored . and broke i might add . if i wasn't so broke i'm sure i wouldn't be so bored . donations anyone ?? 
ok i get the point . don't give up just yet ... 
Too many happy people on FB . Is this truly realistic ?? 
wish i had someone to hang out with this weekend ... sigh ... 
Ugghh . Long week ahead ... 
Kittybobo has been gone since Thursday evening . It's now Monday evening . I'm starting to think he's not coming back . I miss my grey kitty with a grey nose ! :( 
I need a babysitter ... any volunteers ? 
have a great week everybody !!! 
It's hot . 
Cher ??? Wow !!!! 
ahhhh my weekend is going great so far ... 
and my weekend has officially started . time to catch up on some zzzzz's ... 
is restless ... 
Feeling lonely :( 
Headed to chattanooga on a cheese bus with 50 something screaming kids . Today is gonna suck . 
a whole week off !!! not going to bed early . 
soooo booooored . 
wish i had something to do , somewhere to go for new year's eve ... :( 
i have nothing profound to say . absolutely nothing !!! 
its time to purge some facebook friends folks ... 
hey everyone ! my dj graduates this evening from kindergarten ! life is happening so fast ... 
love hurts . why bother ???? cause i'm addicted to it !! 
so tired ....... camp is kicking my butt !!!! 
Nooneenoooneeenoo ... 
I don't want to do anything today !! 
I can't wait til this weekend ! 
Alright commited ! 
is depressed . 
It's funny how those on the outside looking in wanna be experts ... always pointing the finger instead of doing what they can ... 
So I want El Debarge's new album , Second Chance , for Christmas . 
is secretly in mourning ... 
The weekend is almost here , goodie goodie gumdrops !!! 
Hot and irritable ... 
So this morning i was getting the kids ready for school and once they were dressed they ran away giggling and told me not to come downstairs !!! Then they came upstairs with a bowl of cinnamon toast crunch for me , and then made they're own bowls of oatmeal so i didn't have to come downstairs . I Love my precious children babies !!!! 
nooneenoooneenooo ... i'm not tired , what should i do ? 
Exhausted . 
Three days ...!!! 
I guess this is it- for real . It's like niggas don't even want any help . Why do I even try ? 
i need the weekend to last a liiittttle bit longer ! 
My children brush their teeth and the toothpaste somehow finds hidden places . I walk in bathroom and I walk out and rub my eye . Toothpaste is now in my eye !!!!!!!!!! Its COLD AND IT BURNS AND IT WON'T GO AWAYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bout to draw . 
Just saw Death at a Funeral- Hilarious !! 
He can make a way out of no way ! Believe that ! 
but i'm not even tired ! 
Guess what everybody ???!! I'm in Maryland !!! Yaaaaayyyyy !!!!! 
Grey's Anatomy !!!!!!! 
Two days ...!!! Hee hee !!! 
So I'm at the pool with the kids right now and after that we're going to walk over to bridge street to see the fireworks . Nice relaxing evening with the kids ... Happy 4th of July everyone ! 
Anybody doing anything fun this weekend ? Don't all answer at once ! 
Last week of camp ... yay ! And two weeks til school starts ... ugh . 
I like sundays . 
bout to go vote now . Hope u do too !!!! 
Sorry guys ... 
Sundays are for tv movies and sleeping . Yay ! 
Hooooottt !!! 
I've officially decided that philly is a toilet . Case closed . 
Really upset right now . 
So now I have a headache . These kids are the worst ! And these jokers better get me back in time to pick up my kids , or they better pay my fine ! 
COMMITEDDDDDDDDDDDD !!!!!!!!! YAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!! 
Fun fun fun for everyone ! 
done working for the week !!!!! time to enjoy idleness !! 
has nothing exceptionally profound or witty to share with you , FB . 
Chelsea Handler is hilarious !! 
i'm applying for teach for america !!!! 
noonenooneenoooooo .... 
Just had a wonderful satisfying dinner of boxed mashed potatoes , tyson chicken patties , country gravy , frozen peas and salad . Oh the joys of a working mother ! 
Why must I be up right now ??!! I wanna go back to sleep ! Hmmph !!! 
Bout to go for a swim cause its hottttt !!!! 
i feel like staying up late tonight ... 
The truth will find you out !!!! 
yay phone is back on ! now for some food .... 
Time for a morning swim ! Ooh It's gonna be cold !! 
Well , bout to head back to the ville ... its been a good weekend , fun times . 
Just came from the Flying Monkey arts center in huntsville , and I am inspired ! There is culture here ! 
tired ... 
bruno mars sounds a hot mess ! 
ok i'm not sleepy . 
I do not support sheree's cameo . boo . 
ooh i like cee-lo green !!! 
So I'm having a terrible morning . On my way to dropping the kids off at school , I get two tickets and find out my license is suspended ... I have no money ... 
aaaallllright kanye ... boo !! 
So ... I think I've had enough break . The kids are driving me crazy !!! 
Sigh ... 
is happy with my decisions . i will no longer allow people to question them . 
I'ma keep it moving . Not worried about those that can't keep my name out of their mouth !! Pressing onward and upward !! 
wish i had somethinng to do ... that i wouldn't have to pay for .. 
Great . I get up and the power is out . Perfect . 
Why must the answer to not having enough money be to pay more money ? 
Sometimes u have to just let some people go ... friendships come and friendships go , a hard lesson when u don't have many to begin with . It's so hard though ... 
So , so tired .. 
welp , phone is cut off guys ... contact me on here if u need me !! 
I'm trying to trust Him . That means no worrying ! It's hard though 
For colored girls ... great movie . That is all . 
And now I don't wanna go to sleep . But I have to work tomorrow ... 
Long day finally in the bed 
Ready to put MMX behind me 
watching " Our generation . " I like . 
Yay !!!! The season finale of True blood is coming on and i'm about to watch it !!! I know i'm late but i wanted to watch the VMA's first . 
confused .. 
I'm feeling ______ ! 
Thank u everyone for the birthday wishes . Great way to start my day !!!!! 
In the bed and not getting out again til tomorrow ! 
when is nikki minaj performing ??? i wanna see that ! 
Practicing the piano for me , is like exercising . i don't wanna !!! 
my weekend has officially started !! 
so now i'm sick :( But this weekend was worth it !!! 
snow everywhere and no children :( 
I'm watching " Kanye West Premiere : Runaway " ! http://soc.li/EADjeLY 
one more day !! 
so swiss beatz wasn't playing anything on that piano 
so comcast stole hbo and showtime from me . Now what am i gonna watch tonight ? so mad >:-( 
its friday night yall !!!! 
sunday night line up : Desparate Housewives , Boardwalk Empire , Eastbound and down , and Dexter . YAYYY !!! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . They definately made my day !!! Kisses !! 
Brooke and Dj r giving me a concert , Dj on the piano and Brooke on the guitar . Watching their reckless abandon , smiles on their faces as they bang and strum as loud as they can , makes my day- even though my ears are bleeding . 
Happy sabbath . that is all . 
Nice cool sunny day , at the playground with the kids . 
i'm ready for bed but the laundry isn't done . So tired , gotta get through at least two loads !!! 
and are those prosthetic horns growing out of her head ???? 
ummm ..... i think i'll be attending Bedside Baptist today ... 
my tummy hurts :( 
ready for my weekend ... 
nice cool sunday , laying in the bed watching hbo ... bliss ... 
is feeling INSPIRED !!!!! Get ready world , ur gonna see a lot of me soon ...!!!! 
Yay desparate housewives now !! 
Everybody vote tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Someone has stolen my phone , so any posts or any messages from it are not from Tiffany Clarke . I am beyond pissed right now !!!!! Any suggestions of what to do FB friends ?? 
had a great thanksgiving . Have a lot to be thankful for .. 
nooneenooneenoooo .... 
Who wants to go see " For Colored Girls " with me ? Can't wait til it comes out !! 
another day off- perrfect !! well .. not so perfect , not getting paid for these days off :( 
Ima be busiest from now till Dec . 14 , ugh !! 
watching America's Cutest Cats on animal planet . Completely happy and content . :) :) :) Loving this !! 
Need a phone ASAP !!!! if you have a phone you're not using , let me know . I need to be able to make and receive calls . 
Ummm , the bank account is now open for donations to my Christmas travel fund . Don't all respond at once . :) 
happy birthday martin !!! 
I have a headache :( 
Paint time !!! 
And I'm doing it again .... I said it would end , but here I go again ... 
The Lord sent me an angel , Hollie Brick , to save the day !! I love you !! Now i can talk to my babies when they arrive in NY !!! 
Atlanta housewives !!! 
merry Christmas to everyone ! have a great day and eat lots ! 
Umm boyz2men should just hang it up and let Committed take over ! 
paint time !! 
enough already with the country 
Happy Sabbath FB . 
aaahh , home ! 
I'm mad at lady gaga's buttcheek imprinted outfit ! Ridiculous . 
Omg i wanna go to Miami !! Let me start saving lol !! 
I would like to thank God today for all His blessings . Again He has blessed me financially even though I don't deserve it . I am getting my regular pay for last week even though I was home . Praise Him also for friends who listen . Sometimes you need a good listener . :) 
So it just started snowing like an hour ago and its already white outside !!!! 
dj : what r ancestors mommy ? me : they're your great great great .. grandmothers and fathers dj : am I gonna be an ancestor ? me : one day eventually dj : ( bursts into tears ) I don't wanna be an ancestor !! me : ( confused)y not ?? DJ ( still crying ) cause ancestors pick cotton and I don't wanna pick cotton cause it hurts !! me : Bwaaahahahahaha !!!! 
So DJ found a ladybug yesterday and put him in a tin with holes poked in it and put some grass and leaves for it to eat . How long do you think it will live ? Day 2 ... 
Over the hump !! 
Feeling nauseous :( 
