thanks every1 =D 
harry potter was amazing i liked it =D 
just saw one of the funniest movies ... well a really good movie lol ( zombieland ) highly recommend =D 
death ... by video games =P 
10 little indian boys went out to dine , one choked himself out and then there were 9 ... 
wishes people would pay more attention to guidelines before sending out invitations 
i lost the game ... 
is lucky enough to have so many people to pick him up when he falls down and helps him find the open window 
just found out that he has to turn his tuition in by Nov . 24 
3 littlen indian boys went to the zoo , a bear hugged one and then there were 2 
had someone lock my phone in a locker at work with nothing in there but my phone .... really 
any1 got good community service project or charity ideas lay ' em on me =P 
was fanticly serching for his binder ... then he slowly relized its sitting under my labtop 
just got off work but had quite a bit of fun 
is super happy with his giant jawbreaker thanx Ashley Trattner the cookie was bomb too thanx Deanna Hibler 
just saw alvin & the chickmunks 2 have to say it was quite amusing 
found out that after roughly a 14 hour day he forgot to clock in Who's smart ... I AM !! -_- lol 
? poq ????? o11 ? 
What do tigers dream of , when they take a little tiger snooze ? Do they dream of mauling zebras , or Halle Berry in her catwoman suit ? Don't you worry your pretty stripped head we're gonna get you back to Tyson and your cozy tiger bed . And they we're gonna find our bestfriend Doug and then we're gonna give him a best friend hug . But if he's been murdered by crystal meth tweekers , well then we're shit out of luck . 
is excited just got an invitation to join the national youth leadership forum on medicine this summer !!!! =D 
But it wasn't a rock it was a .... 
lol thanx every1 ill b sure to tell ya what my job is thursday =P 
Be kind , for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle . ~ Plato 
so first a flat tire then my car gets broken into and then today got pulled over and got a ticket and a warning ... anything else on the way , but somthing to look forward too 3d avatar at 11:05 2moro and 2d at 10:35 cant w8 
really ... i mean come on really wtf 
Who in the world put a morning person in charge of the school schedule ? =P 
Happiness lies for those who cry , those who hurt , those who have searched , for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives . 
A ninja stole my wallet today . They don't know that I am a ninja too . Because it was their wallet anyway . 
Want the secret to getting rich quick ? Just send me $29.99 . 
Please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death Star . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Understands now why " desserts " after a meal are so calming ... Spell it backwards and you'll see what I mean ! 
If you could read my mind you'd go crazy 
You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus . ~ Mark Twain 
Love is the big booming beat which covers up the noise of hate . ~ Margaret Cho 
likes it when Andrew Smith talks in the 3rd person 
Such a productive night ... i guess you could call it that ;) 
Dream as though you'll live forever ... Live as though you'll die today ... 
roll , roll , roll your joint twist it at the end , take a haul say fuck it all , and smoke it till the end :) 
will always remember that amateurs built the ark professionals built the titanic .. think about it .. never doubt what God asks to do ... 
is real happy with ctr + w quite amusing go ahead try it you know you want to ... :) 
Shhh ! I'm trying to hear the secret the toaster is telling me about the peanut butter and jelly ! I heard it was serious ! 
Beware of the drillosaurus :P 
Quick ! Describe me in one word and one word only ! Go ! 
press ALT + F4 to open Color Editor in Facebook if you already know then b done with it =P 
KICK-ASS WAS BAD-ASS !!!!! 
Ashley Trattner tag your it no tag backs :) 
DRUGS ... Responsible for teaching Americans the metric system 
So you do it like a spider ? 
I'm going to Run through the store and jump on random peoples carts singing I KNOW A SONG THAT GETS ON EVERYBODY NERVES !! 
OMG OMG OMG .... what ?.... i dont remember .... :D 
After seeing those Swiffer commercials , I'm afraid to put my old mop out in the garage with the hoe ... no tellin ' what I'll walk in on ! 
" Its like a long , hard piece of meat between two soft buns . " - Bill Nye 
i dont know what to eat right now ... o.O 
when you are feeling down because everyone is against you just remember that ... nationwide is on ur side 
wonders if anyone else has noticed that FaceBook is the only place it is socially acceptable to write on walls 
Is playing hide n seek with the voices in my head , I'm under the stairs they will never find me ha . WAIT ! I DON'T HAVE STAIRS , CRAP ! WHERE AM I ?!? 
TOOK THE TIME TO SOLVE A RUBIX CUBE FOR THE FIRST TIME AND WON MUHAHAHA 
Red Pyramid comes out on the 4th =D soo excited 
If you always do what you've always done , then you'll always get what you've always gotten . 
When you go through deep waters , I will be with you . When you go through rivers of difficulty , you will not drown . When you walk through the fire of oppression , you will not be burned up ; the flames will not consume you . 
Isaiah 43:2 last one haha :) 
hmmm so sittin at home alone under a mattress in the living room watching the news .... shoulda went to the hospital 
LOL the guy that made the flush-able toilet was named John Crapper =P 
Honestly , you don't want to know what I'm thinking . =) 
is going 2 walmart and When an announcement comes over the loudspeaker , assume the fetal position and scream " No , no ! It's those voices again ! " 
Beware of elves giving wedgies 
So ... Avatar is Pocahontas with blue people guess after 15 years we would forget ... we did 
Saw a Alabama shirt and started singing the 50 nifty united states o.O 
WHAT TIME IS IT ?!?!?! 
time for some pepsi , some ice , n relaxation 
note to self needles are sharp ... 
GRATZ ALL 2010 SENIORS WE MADE IT =) 
Had a tornado touch down in the neighborhood today .... pretty awesome 
Whose line is it anyways ? SCORE :) 
anyone remember the graduation photographers name ? 
Yea i saw you leave with Smurfette .. 
Headed to whataburger mmmm 
Bored ... 
Thinkin bout goin to watch killers tonight anyone wanna come ? 
Thank you everyone its been a pretty good day :P cant w8 to get to the lake 2moro :D 
" Sah ... na tah ... ah ... na .... What the hell is that " o.O :) 
GOODNIGHT WORLD ;) 
For I know the plans I have for you , ” declares the LORD , “plans to prosper you and not to harm you , plans to give you hope and a future . 12 Then you will call on me and come and pray to me , and I will listen to you . 13 You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart . ~ Jeremiah 29:11 -13 
Theres a Snake in my boot =O 
hmmm what a day night ppls 
bored ... o_O :) 
lil bit of mw2 for now 
had a great weekend with my aunt , need to do it more often ... :D 
hmmm like a jumping spider or a tunnel spider ? decisions decisions 
saw a horse lay down and start rolling around in the grass today it was epic :D 
Is ready for some whitewater 2moro :) 
eh change of plans day and night at 10:30 :) 
cant w8 togo see sorcerer's apprentice :) 
appointment with John Casablanca's today at 3 wish me luck :D 
may not have a phone again because once again my phone doesnt want to charge ugh ... 
It's not fake , it's generic :) 
Just got a ticket :( 
So the worst possible thing that could happen to me just did :'( 
Thank you netflix for being there when I can't sleep :) 
I HATE ONIONS ! 
In academy with the power flickering sweeeet 
Loves when it storms 
ok now time for me to sleep night everyone :) 
Good to see you guys again missed ya :) 
well a bird bird bird is the word ( Kimberly Howard ) :P 
thank you everyone :) i just got signed time to start getting jobs :D 
Some cajun chicken pasta sounds really good right now 
Fable 3 FTW 
ok im full that was some good lo mein :) 
i feels pretty good outside :) 
Just got back from walking around the lake it was great 
setting my portfolio up :) hopefully in 2days time ill have and agency :D 
well the sleep was good while it lasted ... 
yay for delivery chinese :D 
" Cousins are the first friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... Even if you don't talk much lately , repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world . 
God blesses those who patiently endure testing and temptation . Afterward they will receive the crown of life that God has promised to those who love Him . 
James 1:12 :) 
a merry christmas to all 
Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house not a creature was stirring not even a mouse ... 
phones dead and charger wont work so i wont have my phone for awhile 
Almost 4:30 n still not tired great ... 
ooo i wanna play some harvest moon :) 
is it bad that when you order chinese n they give you 4 fortune cookies n its for one person ...? 
I want some chilis :) 
Sorry but ur gonna have todo better than that to get to me ... lol 
gonna attempt decent sleep wish me luck haha 
Three blankets and feet are still breathing lol 
back in moore about to play some kinect while w8in for my mom to get home ... 
mmmmm ice cream :D 
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness . Josh Billings 
