So my sick day was fun . Meningitis shot tomorrrrrrrow ~ <3 
The first of two nights of paranoia and excitement starts now . I'm not sure how I feel about this o.O 
Weekend was fun <3 First time ever being alone for two whole days . :D 
If I hit a magical repeat button on today's brain activity , I would pass through tomorrow . And the next day . And the next week . And the rest of this year . > o > How dull . 
March 25 , 2011 . Sucker Punch . >:3 Amanda , Mel , Jess , Courtney , Me . Right ? 
Spring break begins , and Japan suffers . Not cool . D:< DAY RUINER . 
Just bought a Japan Relief wristband from the Lady Gaga store online . :3 You should do the same . 
Break went by soooo fast . : x I wish I had like one more week ... 
I just can't sleep D: Maybe it's because today's the last day of break ... 
Yulia Savicheva is amazing . o-o If you have any appreciation for the Russian language + pop , I dareeeeeeee you to look her up . 
It makes me 10x more uncomfortable being called " man " than " ma'am " . This confuses me . o.O 
SORRY , HUMANS . Dx I was sick today .. and my phonograph was too far away to fetch , so I decided against it . I hope you all went without me ? I'd feel mean if you didn't : x 
I'm going to cry if we have to go to school tomorrow . I'm going to cry times two if fucking Reagan doesn't get delayed . < \3 
I feel filthy in sunday clothes . 
I've learned love is like a brick , you can 
Build a house or sink a dead body ~ 
Lady Gaga 
Appointment scheduled for July 11th . <3 Don't ask if you don't already know . xD 
I wanna go on an adventureeeeeeee . This routine sucks . 
My only committed relationship is with Insomnia . :D 
" Don't worry , you're an intelligent girl . " 
~ My new therapist . 
Lol ? x3 
Tomorrow is going to be .. stressful . > o > But I'm going to get through it like every other day . I'm not going to worry about it :3 
.. So , someone called my room my " mancave . " And I really , really got offended . Like , honestly , what's between my legs determines how I act when a crowd comes over ? I don't want to talk to you people because you're closed minded bastards , not because of my genitalia . And it's so stupid , because if I were a girl they would've been like " Aww , she's probably just being shy . " But no , I'm up in my mancave . Nasty . 
Byebye Journalism . Hello sleep until nine . 
