Had the funnest day today ! Swimming and Joyland all in one day ! 
Fall is in the air ! 
climbed a tree . 
Yay ! Garrett finally said he's excited for school ! 
Why , to the North Pole , of course ! This is the Polar Express ! 
I guess I was bothering Laurel too much while she was coloring - she grabbed a book off the desk and told me to go read ! 
I love that my daughter turned down a cookie for what ? A second helping of tomato soup ! 
Had a surprise visitor this morning : a monarch butterfly huddled up to my door step ! We let him warm up in the house for a minute , and then sent him on his way ! 
Yay for Garrett ! Zero cavities ! 
A turkey big enough to feed everyone : $20 ; Time spent shampooing the living room carpet : 2 hours ; Having your family over for Thanksgiving : Priceless ! 
I'm disappointed that everyone will not be able to come for Thanksgiving , but I'm still very excited to see everyone who can ! If anybody needs a place to go for Thanksgiving , we'll have PLENTY of turkey ! 
What is it about styrofoam that cracks little kids up ? 
Merry Christmas ! 
had a really awesome Thanksgiving ! I'm really glad everyone could make it , and I hope they all get home safely ! I hope everyone else had a great Thanksgiving , too ! 
Happy New Year ! 
And the Bennett Elementary December Student of the Month is .... Garrett ! 
Garrett has his first spelling test on Friday ! The words : bat , cat , and rat ! 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !!! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !! 
It's AMAZING how independent my 2-year-old becomes when she has a friend over ! 
I'm getting kinda worried about kindergarten ! Homework and reading tests ? Boy has it changed since I was there ! 
I turned on PBS for Laurel , and what was on ? A song about poop ! Yay !! 
Yay ! 
" Ice skating , dude , ice skating " 
It's amazing how a day-trip can really recharge your batteries ! For the first time in a long time I wasn't completely exhausted at bedtime and tired when I woke up ! It's great ! 
?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? 
Aw , man ! Did the windy season start already ? 
Why is it that bill collectors do not believe that I'm not Crystal and I do not know her ? No matter how many times I tell them they keep calling !! 
In celebration of Valentine's Day , post a picture of you and your significant other as your profile pic for the next week . If you have one , post a wedding pic . Post this as a status update and leave a comment stating how long you've beentogether !?? 
I just love it when a trip to the local park turns into a day at the PPHM , Palo Duro Canyon and the Big Texan ! 
Today's FB game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : Roosevelt , Utah 
Does anyone have any suggestions about how to get a 2 year old to stop grinding their teeth in their sleep ? It can't be for her , and it hurts me to hear it ! 
What happened to spring ? 
G's birthday party was great ! Thanks to all who came ! 
We just got back from our first camping trip , where Garrett lost his first tooth ! We had so much fun , and the tooth fairy was even able to find our tent to get Garrett's tooth ! 
One dentist appointment down , one to go ! Yay for no cavities for Laurel ! 
Well I guess it's a princess birthday party for Laurel ! We told if she was potty trained by her birthday she could have one , and she's only had one accident in 4 days ! 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
Off to the drive-in movies ! Woohoo ! 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family !... Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention .... Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who reposts 
I hate mosquitoes ! Oh how I wish the feeling was mutual ... 
The dentist must have left a good impression on Laurel - she keeps asking if she can go back ! Oh , the power of a toy fish !! 
Garrett is now a Kindergarten Grad ! I can't believe how fast time flies ! 
had a wonderful night last night ! The rain finally cleared off just in time for fireworks , and it was quite a show ! 
I just love how babies march when they walk ! 
We had a great barbeque for James ' birthday today ! Lots of yummy food ( thanks to LJ for cooking the meat for us ! ) , lots of friends , and lots of fun ! 
Is anyone else having a problem with google ? I can't get to my gmail and it's VERY important that I do ! 
I think I need to go to Sam's Club and buy Kleenex in bulk ! How does so much snot come out of people so little ? 
Laurel was sitting in the kitchen watching me make lunch when I heard her say " Hey Mom ! " . I answered her and then she said " ( to herself)Oh , hang on a second ! ( to me ) Momma , could you please be quiet ? I'm talking to my Mom on the phone . ( to herself again ) Sorry about that ... " 
Happy New Year everybody ! 
Yay for naps ! 
