I love it * voice drips with sarcasm * when you do the right thing and are crucified or ignored for it . I stand by my morals and I won't apologize since what I did should have been done a long time ago . 
Misses everyone already .... and is sad that she won't see many of them until late April . * tear * 
is excited that she will be in harlaxton by this time tomorrow ... however is worried about the excessive snow I was told about by someone already there . 
Is pondering her love of the class she thought would be boring and the hatred she holds for the class she thought she would love . 
Not wanting to be in theatre and wishing things would go right for one second in this bloody hell week 
realizes that she has problems/wishes that others would realize the same thing . Is fing tired of people being bitchy just because they don't like what is said ... if you don't like it ask the person to shush instead of being a pretentious ***** ... yes I'm indulging in a bout of immaturity but its better than saying what is on my mind right now . Should just keep my mouth shut anyway . I'll just end up being the bad guy . 
Needs to stop updating her status just because she is pissed at the immaturity and rudeness of others . 
is also excited about going to Scotland . Glasgow is bound to be fantastic . 
is doing better now that she's in her room . 
Had tons and tons of fun with people in Ireland ..... just wishes ... nm ... long story . 
Is going to Cardiff this weekend for amazing dr whoness . Dr. Who Museum and city tour map thingie that shows all the places the new series has been filmed . Yay for geekdoms . 
Is excited ... I'm going to Time Quest 2 this weekend ! I get to meet Doctors 4-8 ! Free food and guaranteed autographs with my ticket . Life is good and Dr Who makes it a happier place . 
Just had the most amazing weekend ever . I met the 4-8th doctors and I has figurines and autographs and a picture with Tom Baker ! OMG it was great . 
Wants to kill her roomie who puked all over her shit from the top bunk because she thought it was a better idea to sleep than go deal with her issues .... also has fallen in love with Lincoln Cathedral and the surrounding shopping areas 
doesn't want to do her paper ... and is pissed that she had to go to london to get back to Grantham ... not to mention that the door tried to eat her . 
J Kenneth Grant is apparently staging a coo in a scary voice and with military motions ..... the world should FH33R his power 
is apparently a horrible person for not wanting to be snipped at or teased all week 
... hate my life ... been a weekend of constant brain rape and bullshit ... sometimes I wonder how I get to these points in my life and then I say fuck it I want to go home . 
Has had another happy rant and will truly return to her vidoes this time . 
should be doing her homework ... but is really watching dr who 
apparently teddy bears are taking over the world ? All hail dictator barry ...? lol 
Waves goodbye to her epic birthday weekend ... so much for promises made to myself and others ... Not like things can go as planned for once in my life . 
Is freaking out about her paper because she can't figure out what the article means and cant find another author that makes sense either ... doesn't know what to do and doesn't know how she's going to get a 15 page paper done 
Just ready to go home ... stupid ash cloud needs to go away 
........... mind rape ........... 
Is finally state-side after volcanic ash and is currently in Evansville catching up with her friends and her lovable boy . 
you know its good chocolate when it tastes like an orgasm in your mouth .... wonka exceptional s now taste like Cadburry ... so if craft f's things up we're all good 
Hopefully the end of the bull shit is nigh . About time 
Which Doctor Who are YOU ? -- My Result : 2nd Doctor . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/28814/referrals/status?aid=50403492 
Is sad that save the planet has been moved to my yearbook ( ick ) and is frustrated that it has reset her to diddly and squat . 
Wonders why people get pissed for stupid reasons .... like being pissed at being treated like shit by others when you are a shit to them ... I fail to see any logic in that pile ... just makes you wonder where ppls heads are since the obviously aren't attached to their heads .... 
Is trying to finish up last minute business in Evansville and having fun making new friends . 
and other people make it even more complicated 
katie and I are vying for study attention with beeker and haily ... I love test nights ... not . 
facebook now with the ability to make you sound bitchy when you aren't trying . 
When it rains it pours ... literally and figuratively . 
fails to understand why others don't see through the guady horrible attention seeking costumes of some ppl . 
Is watching a movie on her * snark * favorite psychologist Freud ... how is this a good idea ? Bah to the daddy issue psychologist . 
... wishes life could be simpler and that a joke between friends on facebook could be a joke . Otherwise her day has been interesting and will conclude with snuggles . 
Yay for family time tomorrow and wrestling and good things and yay ! 
" It's so fluffy I could die " Cute kitties and movie quotes make my day better . Haily Harrison was right . 
Does NOT understand why some people think that leggings are pants . THEY ARE NOT PANTS !!!!!! 
pizza pizza pizza pizza breadsticks wresting and fun hanging out with my big ... its a GREAT night !!!!!! 
loves how one name can be said and everyone knows what the drama is about . Oh silly people and their drama . 
Sometimes wonders about the dumb things people say on a regular basis and knows that if they just stopped to think that they would see how silly they were really being ... 
i love my study buddies . 
brian knowles 
is enjoying her day of pinkness and is excited to see Scott Pilgrim with her friends even though she has already seen it . 
so so so very angry ... urge to yell rising . I HATE liars . 
Has had a happy rant and will now return to her videos 
is watching her little be mind raped .... DISLIKE 
Sheiza .... I forgot to vote and I have tacos 
but but I like updating my facebook statuses its fun 
wishes she could pretend everything was alright whenever she needed to that would be an amazing super power 
... people take facebook statuses too f*ng seriously ... fail . 
bad news is bad ... and this week has just been full of it and drama . 
is enjoying the comments of Haily Harrison and threats of physical threats of Katie Harris 
is watching Brian stuff his face and is wondering why he can't be this focused on him homework . 
loves how we're all facebooking each other while sitting in a circle next to each other .... I kinda feel lame . lol 
... if Katie's phone had two words for all of us right now in relation to our constant updating ... they would not be nice words and would contain the letters f and u 
life is too complicated ... 
is looking forward to important things next week . 
must get paper done ... and study for finals ... and sleep ... 
Remember if life gives you lemons make grape juice and let them all wonder how the hell you did it . ^_^ 
-quoted from Scarlet Dobson 
you know that saying about behind ever good man is an even greater woman ? We'll I've got another one for you . Behind every good woman is a cuddly teddy bear ( well in my case a teddy and a pink dragon lol ) 
Being single has never hurt so much and felt so good . 
It's amazing how one person can ruin what was a wonderful day . Thank you very much . 
I've got a ticket to see Wicked in London and I have my Uncle Chet and Aunt Diane to thank for it . Thanks guys . BTW will be posting pictures of all travels soon ! 
