Life is good and short . Smile and enjoy ! 
I am blessed ! 
happy b'day Shane ! You rock ! 
First be nice to everyone . Treat others how you like to be treated ! 
PRAY FOR PEACE ! THANK GOD MOMS TEST WENT WELL !!! 
the weather is going to be great ! 
in the pool ! 
happy birthday ( late ) Amber ! 
the pool water is great , if anyone wants to take a swim ! 
this is a great time to garden ! 
the pool is closed for the season . thanks G 
looking forward ! 
life is good ! 
blessed are we ! 
be safe out there people ! friday the 13 th 
feeling like a dip 
Thanks Judy , Be careful ! 
ismom on facebook if so send her my way ! keep those grades up ya little doll ! 
keep praying for peace everyone ! 
JULIE HAS HAD AN ACCIDENT ! SHE IS OK , BUT CAR IS IN DITCH NEAR THE HOUSE . 
Sam I sure hope your bad luck is over ! 
Great band at Crazy Horse this weekend ! 
Pray for Peace and share the Love ! Happy Valentines day ! 
Jimmy Buffett is coming to town !!!! 4-29-10 Be there ! 
Thanks Leon ! I sure bet you have some great stories ! You make me smile ! 
Who is that fat black guy that played with Dave Matthews Band ? 
Dave Cheppelle is so funny ! 
help me please I need a hourse shoe and 2 bricks ! PLEASE 
let it snow ! 
did u girls get your coops ? 
I need valentines please I want the fountain so bad ! 
where are all my farmville friends ? 
My sister makes the very best cookies ! 
Farrel Weber Rocks ! and Mike the Wap is the best drummer ! A good time was had by all at The Charlack Pub ! 
What is that daughter who loves the cold ! Me too honey ! 
my poor girl ! 
WOW you go away for a couple days and every thing changes ! 
Our kids are very smart . Vinny catches on very fast to new things . We are blessed ! 
Farmville is messed up til tommorow 
I want to go where it's warm ! 
Dee , I think you are great ! You hooked Julie and I up with those tickets to see Farell . Thank you so much . We had a fantastic time ! 
Be in charge of your attitude . Never let someone else choose it for you ! 
Don't procrastinate . Take care of problems as they arise . 
My farmville friends are the best ! Cream of the crop ! 
oooooooooeeeeeeeeeee what up with that ? 
I realy need nails , horse shoes and bricks and any help would be great ! 
I was wondering what he did for a living ?! 
Look forward with a smile ! 
stopping in at crazy horse to drink with the girls ! 
Girls night will be good this week on Wednesday , all girls should try to come . Call for details . 
My farmville is acting up . 
Grandmother's unite against violence towards children . Violence around children is Never acceptable . 
Newton .. I am proud to be a part of your cheering staff ! Keep up the good work ! 
Going all the way to the highest point of our great state . will be floating down in that clear cool water . who knows where I will be ? 
Parents are under appreciated ! 
I'm going rogue here people ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I have such good friends ! 
I need 2 windows please help ! 
I really need windows , bricks and boards to finish my new home ! 
My friends are going to be playing at crazy horse Wednesday . If you want to hear some good rock and roll , be there at 9 
Yea Katie ! 
It's Bob's birthday ! Happy Birthday Bob . 
stacy and shane I see you 
I crashed my computer . But I am back .............. 
I can hardly wait !!! 
Going out with Julie to eat confort food and free our minds ! 
Pray for peace ! 
Please pass this on to the youth ... Love this country by not being a liter bug ! 
69 * is forcasted for the next 2 days for a high . just thought everyone should know this . 
Hoping for a vacation ! 
Praying for Peace ! 
Looks like I am staying in Wentzville ! 
I am Blessed ! 
Ace and his band will be at Hillbilly Heaven this weekend ! 
Is that the ocean calling my name ? 
Spending time with my fake boyfriend Dr. Drew ! 
Merry Christmas to my friends and family ! Happy Birthday Jesus ! 
praying for peace ! and the oil to get contained ! Please God ! 
praying or Brett Michaels 
Life is good . The sun is shinning , Jimmy Buffet is in St. Louis , and Bret Michaels is getting better . Thank You God ! 
Thinking of butterflies ! 
Was brought to tears by Rielly's performance ! He has a rocking rool heart and a great spirit ! We are blessed my friends and family ! 
I know that out of all bad , comes some good . What could be the good of the oil spill ? 
enjoying the sun shine ! 
looks like we are in for some rain ! April showers bring May flowers ! Thank God 
sorry about this virus yuck 
BLESSED !!!!!!!!!!!! 
going to check the weather 
The pool is perfect ! 
I found a five dollar bill today in the Wal-Mart parking lot . What should I do with it ? 
The prayers helped Bret Michaels ... but don't stop now ! 
looking for a party ! 
Dear God , please bless our country and help stop the oil leek . Bless our sick and bring peace to our world . Also protect our soldiers please . Love Pat 
I have 99 friends today ! 
Becky , Good work for those who serve ! You make me proud ! 
great news ! our cow rocks ! 
If all sex offenders shot themselves , the world would be a better place ! 
Bob has landed and is back in St. Peters ! 
Pool is closed due to inclimate weather . 
Ace Will be rocking with Captain Kick Ass at Crazy Horse tonight . Great time will be had ! 
To all my peeps , Ace's band will be playing in Wright City Friday and Saturday night ! They are great and I recommend them . 
Just wanna say that Julie is the best ! Love ya girl and u so rocked that cha-cha dress ! 
Thank you God for bringing little Alisa home !!!!! 
I am tired of hearing that " the right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing " . 
Why can't we shake hands and just get along ? 
Just so everyone knows , my dad is very sick and needs prayers please ! 
Is there a donut shop in warren county , mo 
I am blessed with family and friends ! Thanks 
Dear friends , I have a dear friend who has fallen on hard times . She is a hard working , single mother of 2 kids . She has always helped others in many different ways . Just this spring she ran a 5K run to raise money for the USO . She has been forced ( By Greg Kneemiller , the father of her son . ) to move with very little time to plan . 
My sister Cathy makes the best Christmas cookies ! 
My baby is having her baby ! Her water has broke ! Heading to the hospital now ! 
I could bitch all day long about nothing or brag all day about the same thing . So could you ! Attitude is everything ! 
mY DAD IS DOING LOTS BETTER AND i THINK HE WILL BE HOME SOON ! 
I have decided to help a single mother and friend of mine , some help for the holidays . I have adopted her family and asking anyone who would like to help this family let me know . Please Pray for Peace on Earth ! 
I am so happy to be a grandmother of three ! Thank You God ! 
God our Father , walk through my house and take away all my worries and illnesses and please watch over and heal my family in Jesus name , Amen . This prayer is so powerful . Post it . A blessing is coming to you in form of a new job , a house , marriage or financially . so stop what your doing & post it now . Watch what He does ! If you think God has a sense of humor .... Share a smile ! 
hot news ...... Willy wont go to jail the great cops down there reduced the amount to 4 oz o it is not a felony !!! go Willy you rock ! 
MEAN PEOPLE SUCK . 
People please set a good example ! Peace 
WOW that is alot of snow out there ! 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ... Please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you .. JESUS CHRIST and the AMERICAN SOLDIER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree copy and paste it in your status .... GOD BLESS THE USA 
The mosque near ground zero , I say let them build it . But across the street , we should put a topless bar , called " You Mecca Me Hot " . Next to that , a gay bar called " The Turban Cowboy " and next to that , a pork-rib restaurant called " Iraq o ' Ribs " ? And a check cashing center called ............ " Iran ... out of money " ........... Lets see ... who's really tolerant ! Repost if you agree ! 
Just want to say , I am baby sitting if anyone needs one I am offering ! Happy New Years ! 
WANT TO SEE THIS ON YOUR WALL . I would like everyone to say a prayer for " Darkhorse " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and they have lost 9 Marines in four days . Please re post and hold these men up in your prayers !!! Let's all ... ( in our hearts ) hold hands and form a ... prayer chain for these men GOD BLESS THOSE SOLDIERS THEY ARE TRUE HEROES !! 
I want to go where its warm ! 
Emily has intrest from the Nancy Grace show , Swift Justice , over her lack of service from the wedding photos !!! She may get to go to New York and be on TV !!!!! 
I have a wonderful dad , who is headed back to the hospital . What a bummer . 
I am so blessed with family and friends ! : * 
Suffering from cabin fever I think . 
Dinner of roast beef and fried taters cooking smell sooogood ! 
Great show ! 
Could facebook , farmville , or the internet in general be making us sick ? 
