aha ! so that's how mentally retarded people feel 
cool stuff happening ( smirk ) 
Vienos namuose . Yuuhuu ! mes darom ka norim ;D eisim prigauti asiliuku ;) 
" Made to be relaxing , fashionable and cool . Press me for the best moment of your life . " ;D 
I've been maltese , italian , russian and polish already . What's next ? :D 
valgo braskes ( happy ) 
Myliu myliu myliu savo darba :))) 
Turim bara , turim namus . Ko dar reikia ? Tai romantiskai atsvesti pajuryje ! :D 
My summer romance - Malta . No , it is not love from the first sight . It's true . Little by little it came . A piece of my heart is stolen or I should say a piece of lungs , cos now I can barely breathe . Distance is killing me . Wasn't it just a dream ? 
Emotions . Thrill of joy . Memories . Now I cannot concentrate . Now I definitely don't feel like learning things I don't even understand . 
Has just resisted temptation to act carelessly . Unfortunately she is not satisfied with that . 
oi :DDD 
Ir aš lakuosiu nagus raudonai , tegu tie evoliucionistai kalba sau k ? nori . Kas ant kito sako , tas ant sav ? s pasisako :D Ir aš klausysiu visoki ? " Cry me a river " :DD Ir išvis aš laiminga :)) 
I'm happy happy happy eah ! ;)) well . at least for now ;DD 
Daryti ne tai k ? reikia . Mano stichija . Ver ? iau t ? siu ketvirtadienin ? tradicij ? :D 
Puola mažieji teroristai ! 
It is so freakin beautiful in the begining . Fuck everything else that comes later :) 
oh yeah ! it comes again ;D 
As the only animal possessing self-awareness , imagination , and reason , humans are the freaks of the universe ( Erich Fromm ) . 
Sve ? iai , jau j ? s ? laukiu ;D 
Ech toks gyvenimas man patikti :P 
Siuntu ! 
Ech , kad taip kasdien juoktis :D 
I can feel those horses comin ' :D 
We've got a plan ( smirk ) 
Vynas , juokas ir šuk ? s :D 
Pozityvios energijos užtaisas visai dienai ! ;)) 
My oh my . Life's great :D 
Oh , hello again , dear Malta ;) 
I love it . I hate it . I never wanna leave it . It hurts . That's why I really love it . Better go crazy . And I like it . 
Taip . Neužmigti iš džiaugsmo yra šios savait ? s tradicija . 
Mielieji , gal kas turite ir galite paskolinti diktofon ?? :) 
My magical birthday ! And perfect day after :)) thank YOU Adriana ! :) * 
Mhm tokio gyvenimo ir pati sau pavydžiu :D 
Ir v ? l plyšta širdis . Ir dar kaip ! Už tai Myliu gyvenim ?, žmones ir pasaul ? :D 
The further the crazier and wilder . Happy-go-lucky ? Deliriously happy ? Ahh please don't stop the world , I never ever want to get off ! Thought it was the begining . Seems it is just the preface . 
Don't wait for a perfect moment . Take a moment and make it perfect . Totally on my mind now . 
Crazy and stupid . Best ever . Now it will be always like that . Oh it so works for us ! 
