Of anlamadim gitti . Nedir bu " 1 Kadin 1 Erkek " dizisine olan duskunluk ? Yillarin dizisi herkesin simdi mi aklina geldi ? Bu ne ? 
Did you say it ? " I love you ... I don't ever want to live without you ... You changed my life ... " Did you say it ? Make a plan ... Set a goal ... Work toward it ... But every now and again , look around ... Drink it in . ' Cause this is it . It might all be gone tom 
is packing for his Samsun trip ... He is quite sure that it will be amazing ... =) 
is home =) 
is planning to play bingo ... First time ever ... Who knows ? Maybe he wins something =P 
just finished packing and ready to go =) 
is getting ready for Portugal =) We are coming Faro =) 
is looking for design jobs and he would appreciate if you could help him =) 
is so sleepy and wants to go home =( 
is very excited for the Portugal trip =) He has lots of plans =) 
has a new laptop =D Yaaaaaaay =D 
is playing with his new toy =D 
" Today was very hectic . I feel extremely tired . My legs hurt like hell . It is only the beginning . Tomorrow is to come ! " 
says " Make a plan . Set a goal , work toward it . But every now and then , look around . Drink it in . ' Cause this is it . It might all be gone tomorrow . " 
" Yüzsüzler ... " 
" I AM A PC ! WINDOWS 7 ! " 
says " I'M A PC ! AND THIS IS HOW IT IS DONE ! WINDOWS 7 " 
is sad because he found out that his Windows 7 package has been lost and cannot be tracked =( 
is in love with Naruto : Shippuuden Original Soundtrack II =D 
~ okay , I'm done talk to you now =D 
got his new Sturbucks ( Product ) Red thermos . Whop , whooop . ( Thank you Fays ! ) =) 
says " Yuruse Sasuke ! Mata Kontoda ! " 
says " Everyone is leaving to somewhere ! I wish I could also go somewhere to have sometime on my own . I gotta make it come true this year =) " 
" Bu aralar herkeste bir ? airlik havas ? d ? rda gider ... ? lginç ... " 
says " Everyone ! Get a copy of Lady Gaga's new album , The Fame : Monster . It is awesome =) " 
says " Always shoot with music in your ears , it changes your whole view on what you see ;) " 
pre-ordered Microsoft Windows 7 =D " I cannot wait to get my new OS =D " 
says " I am very disappointed about how people keep talking about North Cyprus . I know that we do not have the best of everything ( or we have nothing ! ) but I would appreciate everyone's respect in this issue . If you do not like it , you do not come and you do not complain when people from N . Cyprus is on your freaking list -like MYSELF ! " 
is trying to find Post-Doc positions . Preferably in USA =D 
is trapped in Ercan airport because of " unspecified time of delay " 
says " Go and watch Avatar people ! If it is possible , a 3D one . 3D experience is very different . You will not want to watch a movie in a normal cinema =) " 
loves new Facebook . Everything is tidier . It is very simple and functional =) 
is in Amman , Jordan and he will be leaving to watch Avatar 3D in an iMAX movie center =) 
" I AM A PC ! " 
was in Dead Sea today . Nothing special there . It is DEAD . Next destination is Petra =D 
" Today's Petra trip cancelled . Unfortunately , our friend's mother was sick =( I guess I will have to come back to visit Petra =P " 
loves his laptop and he cannot do anything else but sit infront of it =P 
got his Windows 7 aaaaaaaaaand his new glasses ... Whooop Whooop ... =P 
I love Windows 7 =P 
Is Plus One Design such a bad design company ? Are we doing a horrible job ? 
is rocking the last day in Cyprus :) 
has his first Chinese food and it was delicious . Today , hiking in Rangitoto Island :) 
Son zamanlarda gayet 
ilkel bir hayat ya ? ar olduk . Mesela , du ? almak için köy çe ? mesinden su 
ta ?? mak gibi . ? imdi söyle bir soru tak ? ld ? akl ? ma . Belediye ba ? kan ? m ? z ? 
bizi günlerce susuz b ? rakmas ? içinmi seçtik ? 
~ " Grey's Anatomy is one of the nest shows I have ever watched . It is unbelievably funny and sad at the same time . Start watching it people ! You will not regret it =) " 
~ It's my birthday :) Happy birthday to me :) 
Gene gandirdilar bizi . Mars olayi yalan cikti :) Bosuna bakmayin gokyuzune :) Uzmanlar dedi ki " E ? er 27 A ? ustos'ta ikinci bir dolunay 
farkedecek olursan ? z hemen kelime-i ? ehadet getirmeye ba ? lay ? n çünkü bu , 
28 A ? ustos olmayacak demek . " 
donated some of his blood today =) Wohooooo ! 
is in Dubai :P 
~ Here is a question : Does anyone become a photographer when they learn how to play with Photoshop ? 
~ " A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools . " by Douglas Adams 
~ Com on people ! Just accept my inivitations to Towner . You do not need to play . Thank you all =) 
will get his brand new Swatch tonight =P 
got his Massey University student ID number :) 
~ " Isn't Facebook supposed to be a social network ? All I see is people checking horoscopes , playing games , checking how lucky they are and a lot of other things . I guess we turned Facebook into an unsocial network . Don't you think ? " 
Ka-bu-sat :) 
~ Bugün hayat ? mda ilk defa , erkek arkada ?? n ? n uzun t ? rnakl ? serçe parma ?? yla kendi t ? rnaklar ? n ? temizleyen bir bayan gördüm . Ne tür bir a ? kt ? r allah ? m ? Kabus ... 
~ I think Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince is the saddest movie in the sequel ... 
is about to eat ostrich egg =S 
~ I just watched the movie " Knowing " . It is an amazing movie . Everyone ! Find the DVD and watch it . You will not regret it =) 
~ It's time to move ladies and gentelmen . We would really appreciate it if you could get some jobs for us , Plus One Graphic Design :) 
Ask most people what they want out of life , and the answer's simple ; to be happy . Maybe it's this expectation , the wanting to be happy , that just keeps us from ever getting there . Instead , we just keep smiling . Trying like hell , to be the happy people we wish we were . Until eventually it hits us . It's been there all along . Not in our dreams or hopes , but in the known , the comfortable , the familiar . 
~ " I love Windows 7 , I love Office 2010 , I love Firefox , I love Mathematica , I love SWP 5.5 ., I love Windows Live Messenger , I love Thunderbird , I love Photoshop , I love Illustrator , I love Windows Media Player , I love BitTorrent , I love the existence of Internet ... I love my Laptop =) " 
Facebook is asking " What's on your mind ? " Here what is on my mind : Quantum Mechanical Operators :) 
~ All things being equal , the simplest explanation tents to be the right now . 
~ It is not a watch . It's a Swatch =D 
~ Goodbye Windows Media Player 12 ... Welcome ZUNE =) 
I have new home :) Woohooo :D 
Here in New Zealand , a lot of people walk barefoot like when they shop or when they go from one building to another . I still do not understand why ... 
" I want to take photos and turn them into something spectacular . However , I cannot . Why ? ' Cos I do not have a camera . Damn it ! " 
is moving out for a complete make-over his house =) Yay ! Finally , our home will be amazing . It will be a tough job but I cannot wait to see the results ^^ 
is on the beach :) Need to tan before I leave :P 
Just watched Glee's Second Season's 8th Episode ; Furt , and it was epic :) 
is back online :) 
is going to a beach party tonight ;) 
successfully managed to use the shuttle service today :P FINALLY :D 
~ The best place in North Cyprus : Johnny Rockets . And it is licensed =) It is not a fake one =D 
~ Get out of depression people . It does not 
help at all . You only destroy yourself and people around you too ... And yes , it is easy to do so . I have been there and if you really want it , you can do , unless that is what you want ... 
is ready to move out and party tonight =) 
Öfff ... ? nsanlar ? n s ? k ? c ? hayat tarzlar ? na ? ahit olmak ne kadar s ? k ? c ? :) 
Had an amazing , fun and awesome day :) 
~ You know what they say . Once you kill a cow , you gotta make it burger ;) 
I love internet and its unlimited boundaries , information that it lays down in front of our eyes and its very existence :) 
is back to studying Quantum Theory of Atomic Structure :) 
Grow up people and learn how to drink . Seriously ... 
Only a couple of days before I move into my new house :D Freaking excited ... 
wants to go to Portugal and join FolkFaro :( 
started the countdown :) 
officially received his PhD degree in Mathematics :) Next is Computational Chemistry :) 
is very tired . He has been trying to format his thesis but it does not work . He does not know what to do as he needs to submit it on Monday =( 
finally finished typesetting , editing and formating of his thesis . He hopes that Institute of Gradute Studies will accept it without any corrections on the format of the thesis :) 
had a great night in Ayia Napa :) 
Öfff ... Çekemem bu bayram olay ? n ? ha ... Kabus gibi . Bayram deil herkese eziyet ... 
~ Tired , tired , tired , tired , tired ... 
" People did not like my profile picture , so I am changing it ... " 
somehow managed to format the thesis but still needs a bit of work :) 
So excited :) I am getting involved in The Auckland Flash Mob Collective . First practice next week ... Can't wait :D 
is ready for his defense :) 
~ I am a Gleek :) 
~ Metally , I've got no more energy . I advise you people not to expect a lot from me nowadays . 
~ Murphy kurallarina gore " Sigara duman ? her zaman sigara içmeyen ki ? iye do ? ru gelir . " Dikkatle duyurulur . Yani ruzgarin yonuyle bir ilgisi yok . Ilgililere duyurulur :) 
~ Kylie Minogue - Aphrodite ... Get a copy people ! You won't regret it . Awesome summer tracks and completely new sound :) 
Waiting , waiting and waiting ... 
@Mission Bay :D 
Time to pack :D Woohooo ... 
has finally started to prepare his presentation seriously and he feels happy because the wave of creativity is back ;) 
~ Crispy morning :) 
loves the following statement : " The God 
particle's discovery could unify understanding of the 
content of the universe and help humans know the mind of God ! " 
I want to buy Billabong's leather shoulder bag :D 
Death Note ... One of the best Japanese animes I have ever watched :) 
Off to the beach :) 
Son zamanlarda gayet ilkel bir hayat ya ? ar olduk . Mesela , du ? almak için köy çe ? mesinden su ta ?? mak gibi . ? imdi söyle bir soru tak ? ld ? akl ? ma . Belediye ba ? kan ? m ? z ? bizi günlerce susuz b ? rakmas ? içinmi seçtik ? 
is listening to Glee : The Music , Volume 1 and loving it ;) 
~ Shall we make a Facebook clean up ? 
is back to research :) 
" Try helping people but do not expect anything in return . If you do , you will just get hurt . It is the human nature . Instead , just SMILE as Lily Allen says :) " 
is very tired from all the studying for hours this evening and he thinks it is time to go to bed ... 
" So , What is Facebook ? " 
~ " Güzel olmayan ? eyleri güzelmi ? gibi göstermek konusunda uzman olduk bu aralar . Hiç anlamam sizi insanlar . Bir garipsiniz . Ya ? lay ? n bakal ? m birbirinizi nolacak bu i ? in sonu ... " 
" A good teacher does not give you the answers . That's how I learned :) " 
~ I hereby officially announce that this is the hottest day I have ever experienced . I literally cannot breath :( 
got his diploma and emptied his office today :) 
It has been a month that I am in New Zealand . It still feels surreal . But , Mustafa is very happy :) 
~ Tell me what to do as I do not have a brain to think or act accordingly ... 
It's raining cats and dogs but I'm still going out :D Woohooo ... 
installed Windows Live 2011 and loving it so far :) 
has been granted academic approval to study in Massey University . Here I come New Zealand :) 
Lollipops :) 
~ I did not know watching YouTube videos back to back is this fun . See people ? I am really bored :'( 
~ Last 2 days in EMU :) 
~ Time to tan . Again :) 
@Santa Clause parade :D 
~ Cosmos on the table :) Woohooo ... 
is getting ready for the big move :) 
Üniversitelerden mezun olduk/oluyoruk ama halen daha malesef kar ?? m ? zdakinin durumunu dü ? ünmeden hareket ediyoruz . Ne ay ? p ... 
~ bored , bored and bored :( 
Got my new geeky glasses :D Woohooo ... 
I should definitely stop spending money , if I want to buy a car :) 
is going to a Oktoberfest party :D 
is in NZ :) Finally ;) 
Matematikmi ? ölsün ... Ne ay ? p ... 
is waiting for his NZ flight :) 
I hereby officially announce that I regret not going to Yasmine Levy's concert . Ölüyorum kahr ? mdan . A ?? t yakar ? m ofiste :'( 
Another great day with friends :) We even tossed eggs :P 
was harassed by girls on the bus :D 
Her zaman aramak m ? laz ? m ? Her ? ey kar ?? l ? kl ? m ? olmal ?? Dost her zaman dosttur , seven her zaman sever . Aradan günler , aylar , y ? llar geçsede . Önemli olan o kadar zamandan sonra o ilk anki samimiyeti hissetmek . Bence gerisi çocukluk :) Sizce ? 
28 y ? l boyunca her gece rüya gördüm . Fakat hayat ? m ? n en güzel , en mutlu , en umutlu rüyas ? n ? ak ? am gördüm . Uyand ??? mda yüzümde gülümseme vard ?. Tüm gün beni gülümsetti . Sormay ? n ! Söylemem :) 
You are original . Because , you are fireworks . Come on , let your colors burst :) 
couldn't sleep and got up to study the hydrogen atom ... 
attended 9 talks in only 2 days :) 
In Massey , milk and cookies are considered as " office supplies " :) Amazing , isn't it ? 
had an awesome time in Oktoberfest party and met a lot of new people :D 
Haddee ... Bu masalda bitti :) 
Amaaan ! Çok sabaht ? r daha :( 
Barbecue yesterday . And tonight , night-out with friends in Downtown Auckland ;) 
I have given a new 22 inch HD monitor for my office computer :) 
feels like ditching Windows 7 and migrating to a Mac ! I want a Mac :) 
You're a firework . Come on , let your colors burst . You're gonna leave ' em falling down :) 
Off to New Year celebration and clubbing in the city :D 
Wants extra white teeth :D 
Is on his way to his first real Christmas dinner with his friends :) 
@bowling :D 
Bu ne be ? Yazin oryasinda manyak gibi yamur ve bir taraflarim donuyor ... 
BBQ time :) 
Got his Intel i7 powered brand new desktop computer :) Woohooo ... I cannot wait to see the calculation capacity :) 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy ... But you will ALWAYS love them ... 
Had an awesome , refreshing , and fun Christmas dinner with his friends :) 
All set . Ready to move out ! Can't wait for tomorrow morning :) 
Merry Christmas everyone :) 
The first new house visit is tomorrow :D Wish me luck :( 
Loves his new house :) 
I guess , I studied almost 12 hours today ... My brain hurts now :D 
Happy New Year People :D 
What have you done today to make you feel proud ? It's never too late to try :) 
Going out again . Woohooo ... Let's dance :D 
Needs to find a good and accessible place for himself :( 
I don't feel like studying :'( 
Auckland City , iPod Touch , Northern Express , Gloria Jean's Coffees , Borders , Hallenstein Brothers , Moleskine , Billabong , Massey , Schrödinger's Equation , Northcross :) 
Amaaaan ... Cok yemek yedim galiba . Catlaycam simdiiii :D 
It's been 4 months that I'm in New Zealand . Everytime I go to City Center , I still feel like it's my first day . The Sky Tower still amazes me as if I see it for the first time :) 
I think I felt an earthquake ... 
Started preparing my first paper in Quantum Physics :D 
Writing this paper will be a true challenge for me as I am very new in this area of research . But , I will handle it one way or another :D Muhahahahahaha ... 
2 Mart'ta bakalim neler olacak :D 
Off to Chinese Lantern Festival :D 
Ne bu ciddiyet ? Ne gereksiz ... 
To everyone outside of New Zealand ! I am fine as Christchurch is thousands kilometers away from Auckland . However , I am so sorry for all the loss in Christchurch :( 
Question : What ( Who ) is Ke-dollar-sign-ha ? 
Uni is so alive today :) I love it . A lot of people to see :D 
I have to state the fact that I find new videos by both Britney Spears and Lady Gaga completely pointless and not related to the context of the lyrics . Oh ! Did I mention being pointless ? 
Tired , tired and tired ... Both physical and mental :( 
A hard week ended with good results ;) The only thing I will do over the weekend is to rest :D 
Off to indoor climbing :D 
I'm so in love with Auckland city :D 
What is wrong with Apple ? iOS 4.3 update is full of visual bugs . On top of that , new update to iTunes is corrupted . You have to repair the installation to make it work . When it works , the UI looks all crumbled . So , annoying x_x 
Off to watch " I Am Number Four " :D 
My Irish friends ! Enjoy your St. Patrick's Day . I miss all of you . I am heading to an Irish pub and will celebrate it as if you were here :) 
For those who think I am weird ! I have one thing to tell you : " Keep it up and soon enough you will figure out that you wanna be a weirdo like me " :) 
Wow ... I just ordered a book from University of Newcastle , Australia ! That's impressive :D 
Eveeeeeet ! Aylarca surecek olan yagmurlar basladi :( Hade yaz gelsin geneeeee :D 
Kathmandu , Kathmandu , Kathmandu ... I love you Kathmandu ... 
Off to teaching ... Ahhh . It is too early :( 
Yeni iliskisi olanlarada hayirlisi olsun demek yeni moda oldu heralde . Bu ne beee ? 
McDonald's , McDonald's , McDonald's :) 
