i should probably get this magnet away from my braces lol 
Ghirardelli's are tasty 
District 9 was good 
i am a beast at Guitar Hero 
busy day tomorrow , bunch of ROTC stuff after school 
09/09/09 
so my 4th grade friends did miss me , haha i feel special now 
Pointless status update :| 
got my red bull , got my music , got some hot cheetos . everything i need to finish my debate speeches :D 
12 hours of my life gone 
._. 
I knew this would happen ... 
doing geometry homework is so fun * sarcasm * 
? _ ? 
shame i gotta wait for my sister to get off MW2 ¬_¬ 
Black and asian is like a perfect mix . 
Some days , my life feels like someone put a bunch of obstacles in my path just to see if I can find solutions to them . 
Of all the abbreviations , acronyms and symbols that people use when they type , using a q in place of a g is the only one that makes no sense . 
When i'm not talking , i'm listening , observing , and categorizing . 
Great ... now they're making video games that can " learn " -_- 
You can’t keep people from having bad opinions about you , but you can keep them from being true . 
Been moving around so much i got vertigo . 
For Sale : Parachute . Only used once , never opened , small stain . 
Hate to see a friend of mine go down the wrong path in life . 
Slept so good that i think i leveled up . 
Peace and quiet , with nothing but my music keeping my company . 
You know a song is good when you can hear vocals even though its a instrumental . 
Thanks a lot to whoever started the question thing , i really appreciate it -_- 
I really don't feel like going to sleep ? _ ? 
Just realized ive been putting my sunflower seeds in my Red Bull can , you know , the one im still drinking 
I bet everybody at berry came back thinkin they somebody cause they went up a grade . 
Why am i always the one sitting at home with nothing to do . 
The more you try to be funny , the less you actually are . 
need to go outside to get some fresh air . 
Funny how its not until 3 in the morning that i get some peace and quiet . 
" I couldn't repair your brakes , so I made your horn louder . " 
yay snow !..... thats what i would be posting ..... if it were snowing in SC -_- 
Hmm lightning with no thunder .... 
Sad that the only way some people know how to get a girls attention is " aye , come here ! " . 
Not going to berry anymore -_- 
Pandora , Pencil , and Paper . All i need to finish out the rest of the night ... Besides a Red Bull . 
Why does school start in the middle of the week ? Weird . 
Optimist : A person who in the middle of falling from a building says " See I am not injured yet . " 
going to relax at the pool . 
Ever stop to think , and forget to start again ? 
All of us could take a lesson from the weather . It pays no attention to criticism . 
What kind of moron cant pronounce " clinical " . Please , don't take psychology if your an idiot . 
Girlfriend vending machine : Beauty , brains , availability , personality ; pick any two . 
How do you fail at making a movie that already has a story , script , AND characters . 
So bored i actually took the time to write a bio :/ 
30 
I need somewhere i can practice parkour without looking like a crazy person . 
It isn't homework unless it's due tomorrow . 
Whenever i feel blue , i start breathing again . 
Sometimes i haven't the slightest clue what i'm drawing . 
Status Pending .... 
Its not a insult , its an observation . 
I got 3 hours of detention for being 8 min late for school ..... and i though CMS had some stupid rules . 
This -2pt font does not help my eyesight . 
I think the internet kills more brain cells than weed . 
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does , I guess you do have a problem . 
Felt good hearing the school buses and knowing i didn't have to go . 
Dead Space 2 will bring me to an very important decision .... PS3 or 360 . 
Chillin with me , my music , and I . 
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself , where the hell is the ceiling ? 
If at first you don’t succeed , destroy all evidence that you tried . 
Music and thoughts is all i need to relax . 
Every extra second i think about this move it frustrates me even more . 
Weeks always go slower when you have something to look forward to . 
My goldfish that i had since before school was out just died . 
Veni , Vidi , Vici . 
This house has two temperatures , Hell and Antarctica . 
I just found 2 silver pennies from 1943 0_o . 
Packing up all my old PS2 games makes me want to play them again . 
You know it's going to be a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor . 
I hope i can make it to concord for thanksgiving , its the closest to Charlotte i'll get . 
Music is there when no one else is :) 
I haven’t lost my mind . It’s backed up on tape somewhere . 
For once , i'm actually slightly unhappy . 
Braces off , feels weird . Making another trip to Charlotte on Wednesday for my retainers . 
I found it funny that a lot of the girl costumes at halloween express just looked like differently themed hooker outfits . 
Out Of My Mind ; Back In Five Minutes 
Finally got the internet up . 
Seems like some people are having a rough start for school . You have my sympathy . 
Ive had about enough of this place ...... 
if it's zero degrees outside one day and it's supposed to be twice as cold the next , how cold is it going to be ? 
I guess they are making up for the avatar movie with The Legend of Korra , should be pretty cool . 
This sentence is a lie . 
My summer is over . I go to school TOMORROW . 
Wonder if my berry schedule was sent to my old house ... 
Man i got a headache trying to keep up with Inceptions story lol , very good movie though . 
I always wondered why i couldn't remember Devil May Cry 2 . Its because it sucked . 
People will accept your ideas more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first . 
If your computer seems slow , try sticking a magnet to the hard drive . 
The best part about procrastination is that you are never bored , because you have all kinds of things that you should be doing . 
Now that i'm back in school , i'm starting to appreciate the weekends . 
If i didn't have to ride the bus , my school experience would be waaaay better -_- . 
You can assume most people have common sense , until they open their mouth . 
So if i still went to berry , my bus stop would be at paw creek , my old elementary school . 
I hate to be " that guy " but , just because you have a bf or gf doesn't mean you have to make post about them all the time . Just sayin . 
If i don't get my shirts real soon , theres gonna be a problem . 
Feels good to know that someone trust you enough to come to you with their problems . Even if you just met them . 
? _ ? <------ My face when i'm concentrating on drawing . 
Thinking is when your mouth stays shut and your head keeps talking . 
Sometimes i wonder why its called " common sense " when it's so rare . 
Don't ask a honest person a question if you won't like the answer . 
Oh great ANOTHER storm -_- 
goin to the fair pretty soon 
Ever been in a situation where you want to talk to someone and you can tell that they want to do the same but neither of you wants to say something first ? 
Going back to charlotte to get my braces off this month . Can't wait . 
Wow , my horoscope actually gave me something useful for once . 
School was uhh ... not that bad :) , Crowded as hell though . 
Wonder what it would be like to dream about Inception o_0 . 
Pandora is such a useful site . I wouldn't have half the music i got now without it . 
This generation of teens is a complete mess . 
I'm starting to like this late start thing . Don't have to get up till 8 . 
You are unique .... just like everyone else . /irony 
Damn Paramore song stuck in my head . 
Breathing Manually 
" Hold on , let me put my headphones in so i can hear you clearly . " 
Well , off to bed . First day of school tomorrow . Wish me luck . 
According to Mythbusters , cursing when you get hurt actually makes it hurt less lol 
The word short is longer than the word long :| 
Forty Six & 2 
We live in a backwards world where some cute girls think they're ugly and most ugly girls think they're cute . 
Off to bed . My 4th day of school and your last day of summer is tomorrow . 
What i think of homework -----> ? _ ? 
Why is there like only 4 interesting people at this school -_- 
only on Facebook will there be over 20 people online yet still no one to talk to 
We should just take the warning labels off of everything and let the problem solve itself . 
Just got back from seeing Tron . It was pretty cool . 
I got the highest score on a US history test and got a stylish Burger King crown for it . Too bad i had to give it back :P 
So , instead of buying Birth by Sleep , i rented a game thats about 6 hours long ...? _ ? 
I take it as a direct insult when someone compares the new Devil May Cry to Twilight . 
Sometimes , when i look back at old messages or think about certain memories , all that goes through my head is " I'm glad i'm not like that anymore " . 
Finding ways to make school more bearable is like asking for a fan in hell . 
i guess its just my luck that its cloudy on the night of a lunar eclipse ... ffs 
Another wonderful Christmas < with extreme sarcasm > 
Sometimes life seems just like Facebook , because a lot times in life , when people start to get a lot of new friends , they feel the need to delete some old ones . 
Man , some people change their relationship status like underwear on here . 
So yea , my dad just came home with a ps3 :) 
Silence is my loudest form of communication . 
Restless . Can't sleep . 
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot . 
If procrastination isn't the key to getting things done , its certainly the lock . 
Some people just don't understand me , which is exactly the way i like it . 
If the grass is greener on the other side , you can bet the water bill is higher . 
Facebook is becoming to redundant for me to care whats posted on here . 
I should be sleep , its getting early . 
Random fact : You can mail a coconut to someone without packaging . 
When i get a chance talk to someone i really want to talk to , i can't think of anything to say . Doesn't make any sense to me . 
With the amount of Red Bulls i drink , my blood should be like 90% caffeine . 
New Years is alcoholics favorite holiday . 
This psychology class is useless 
We just walked all the way to the store in the ice covered snow just for them to tell us it was closed . Jerks . 
Apparently theres a meteor shower that I wont see tonight . 
Just noticed that the song I'm listening to is 12 minutes long . 
New Xbox update is pretty slick , they made my avatar dude look a little taller . 
I got my picture taken AND extra candy for me and my sisters costume . 
School , weekend , rinse , repeat . i need a break from this cycle . 
So , numbers is the next Facebook trend going on .... oh joy -_- 
PS3 downloads take forever -_- 
I didn't get a damn thing done over the break .... -sigh- ... tomorrows gonna be great >_> 
How does people not realize that above the article that says facebook is shutting down is a section called " Mutants " and " Aliens " . Obviously its a fake news site . Think people . 
My finger tips hurt from playing Guitar Hero ... thats pretty sad . 
Finally got me a new phone 
Somebody dumpin baby powder in front of my house cause that can't be snow in South Carolina . 
I wouldn't mind being out of school again if sitting at home wasn't so damn boring . 
Either I have really good memory or I'm not worth being remembered at all . I'm thinking the latter . 
Downloading the Crysis 2 Demo . Should be done by tomorrow . 
Id rather not be normal , its boring . 
The lack of originality on Facebook is astonishing . 
You should be careful when helping some people , they could very well just be throwing problems they don't want to deal with on you . 
Pessimistic optimist . 
Being mentally exhausted is worse than being physically exhausted . 
Tired , been up since 5:30 am for a Raider Meet . 
Music can never be too loud . 
Why do teachers always want us to do current events . Watch the damn news . 
My homework senses are tingling . 
I need some artistic inspiration , I haven't drawn in a while . 
Practically learning Italian by playing Assassins Creed : Brotherhood . So much for video games not teaching anything . 
I need to make a blog . I know people wouldn't read it but it would help me organize my thoughts when i'm bored . 
If you ever fall up , just pick yourself down . 
Apparently , the earthquake in Japan shortened the day by 1.6 microseconds and moved the country 13 feet closer to the US . 
Lost my mind , I'll look for it tomorrow . 
Repeating something over and over again does not make it funnier . The internet has yet to realize this . 
My PSP always decides to fuck up right before a game comes out . 
" A bear and a rabbit are taking a shit . The bear ask the rabbit " do you have problems with shit sticking to your fur ? " The rabbit said no , so he wiped his ass with the rabbit . " old Eddie Murphy stand-up 
I hate when I take late naps . Now I'm wide awake at nearly 11:30 . 
Why did the bald man paint rabbits on his head ? 
Parkour a day keeps the doctor away . 
" Whats the first thing you feel when you shoot a civilian ? " 
" The recoil of your rifle " . 
I'm not usually bothered by storms but damn ... 
This must have been the same storm people in charlotte were freakin out about . 
Nice guys don't finish last , we find a way to finish without having to race . 
I hate when I'm subconsciously listening to music and I miss a good song . 
Artistic block ... 
Gonna be in concord the next few days . You can just see the excitement in my face ----> -_- . 
Can't decide what's more boring , columbia or concord . 
If I had the money and the means , I would go to the midnight release of Portal 2 . 
Too bad I have neither . 
I hate when sites don't automatically capitalize " I " and just leave it lowercase . Yes , I'm looking at you Tumblr and Facebook . 
Veni Vidi Vici 
I think I might have a minor OCD with taking the little metal thing off of cans . 
The square root of rope is string . 
Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world , there is a duck watching you . True story . 
PSN is STILL down . No wonder its free . 
" Life is a waterfall , we drink from the river then we turn around and put up our walls . " -Aerials , SOAD 
Trying to not think of someone is hard work . 
Facebook should partner up with CNN , we spread news quick . 
I love going through my music and rediscovering old songs I used like . 
Why am I not surprised that the games that Sony are giving out free are old ones that everyone has already played . 
3 more days till i'm out of here . 
I'm in a off mood . Must be this moving bullshit . 
On the road back to NC 
Sick ... just what I need . 
Damn , I'm gonna miss E3 at JCLC . 
I need something to do this weekend before I get two shades darker at summer camp . 
Got me a purple Drank . 
Back from camp at Fort Jackson . Glad to be back , I was getting tired of standing in formations . 
I have too much down time , I'm starting to think too much . 
I don't understand how its harder for me to go to sleep when I'm bored . 
Nothing like having a deep conversation with someone who understands you . 
Apparently , if you are a vegetarian , you can't eat skittles . 
Starting to wonder what in the hell made me think being here was going to be better . This place is fucking horrible . Never been this agitated in my life . 
Just left from seeing Transformers . Awesome movie , definitely better than the second one . 
Today was pretty alright . Cookout during the day , fireworks at night . Now Im chillin at the house with some Snickers ice cream . 
I was about to fall asleep with my music on .... until a System of A Down song came on . Woke me up pretty good . 
I hate hearing the music from a game I don't have and immediately wanting to play it . 
The days really blur together during the summer . 
There's like , a fiesta going on outside of these apartments . They got drums set up and everything . 
Why do people insist on posting so many times that I have to click on older post to see everyone else . 
Lost my train of thought . Probably fell under the couch or somethin . 
Nothing makes my already ruined mood better than sittin in a cold house with everyone sleep . 
Feeling the need to announce how mature you are to everyone is a sign that you aren't really that mature . 
Play it cool , here come the space cops . 
So yea , there's going to be a Paranormal Activity 3 . I'll try to contain my joy -_- . 
Probably won't hear from me for a while . 
You should never put your happiness in the hands of someone else . People aren't always as reliable as you think . 
Rise of the Planet of the Apes was a damn good movie . 
Watching a show about real life " superhero's " . Funny . 
Why do I keep on breaking my damn headphones . This is like my fourth pair . 
I'm going to miss 45 min classes and 1 lunch . 
Turn an hourglass sideways and time stops . 
I know there's a such thing as a Superiority Complex , but is there a such thing as Inferiority Complex . If so , I think I have it a little . 
That must have been a small earthquake cause I didn't feel a damn thing . 
I hate this complicated school system . They was about to have me at Vance for first quarter then transfer me to Berry just cause my school in SC wanted to be a dick about giving up my transcript . 
Ah fuck I forgot it was the weekend . I made no plans whatsoever . Looks like ill be stuck in the house . 
You shouldn't have to apologize for being honest . 
A quick glance when you pass is not enough . 
I don't know what to post so I'll just post this . Enjoy . 
People are always too busy pointing out other peoples flaws that they don't notice their own . 
Can't even enjoy the weekend , fuck . 
Do we have to go through this every September ? It was ten years ago and the people responsible for it are dead . Yes , it was a tragedy , and I do feel for the affected families , but it think its time to move on and be happy . 
Anybody else notice that you can play snake on loading YouTube videos ? I've gotten pretty good at it . 
I take more naps when I'm bored than when I'm tired . 
you know things are bad when you would rather be at school than at home . 
heh been a while since Iv'e had a crush on someone . Feels nice , but its also frustrating as hell . 
Starbucks doubleshot thing and a snicker is not that good of a combination . 
ugh these changes facebook that are making are getting stupid . 
So I just typed a big ass paragraph on Tumblr ... then the power went out , and it only retrieved my title . Thanks for that Mother Nature . 
I wish I could be going to Charlotte on better terms . 
Too bad this is the only day some people will care about getting their bf or gf something expensive . 
Its pretty counter-productive to put something you don't want people to see on Facebook . Nothin but nosy people on here . 
Good ol facebook , giving me updates on the super bowl without me having to watch it . 
17 years and 22 minutes old :) 
The world is not perfect so why should I be ? 
PSP ... Piece of Shit Portable . Guess thats what i get for buying the old one . 
Perfect PK weather 
My life is not going the way I want it to . It's not bad , just time for a change . 
Might be in Charlotte Friday . 
