while trying to figure out who i sat beside in 4th year ( don't ask even i don't know ) , i suddenly remembered my RE detention : -@ . Probably the most embarassing moment of my life . In fairness i couldn't find any paper and it seemed like a good idea at the time . 
OMG storm lee dyed his hair pink WTF 
like it in any conveniant place 
Going to add a picture after i get my hair cut . Can't wait I love getting my hair cut . 
is sitting absolutly drenched in the ashby building eating kfc with rachel ward . 
got 4 extra marks on my chemistry a-level . Not enough to go up grade though i need 6 more for that . :-( 
i feel like a good big sister helping my brother with his coursework XD . And abit mean too . He needed piece of statistically coursework to edit for ICT so I gave him my lab report XD . 
can't believe its a pound for gravy in KFC , who actually pays that 
still don't know if i have tickets for the wall street party , wonder if there is any left . 
sitting in the forest with matt mcparland . 
just back from fresher bazaar woo , loving the jager fan lol . I joined surfing , jujitsu psychsoc and fencing , hopefully they'll be fun 
really wants a rolo cupcake but i'll never eat it 
can't believe I have to cook my own tea cause the onlything edible in chatz was the pastry of a saucegeroll ( how do you spell that ?? ) 
is looking forward to halloween ball tomorrow and joining in in her first protest woot 
critical thonking has gone from boring to disturbing , why is it necessary to tell us about old people sex , male menopause , and why old men don't masterbate .......... WHY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
woot , PJ party tonight in the union , boys gets your onesies lol , i'm wearing my cow ones 
omg just saw two old couples in a fancy dress shop looking at strange pvc outfits . Did not need to see that 
doesn't think she should have eatin the effervescent vitamin tablet :( 
just gonna say happy new year to everyone as my phone is about to die :) . So happy new year 
might have to take exams in august : -c . Atm i do even think i can make it up to belfast nevermind sit an exam . 
OMG muggle means people who smoke maijuana , to be hagrid is to have a nightmare and dumbledore can mean a simpleton or a bumblebee . I love QI . 
i apologuise for my singing to rachel ward lol . 
either i'm really tired or the ashby floor is really comfy :) . I really can sleep newhere . 
just been told i'm a very beautiful woman and garrett says she has hot friends ... I feel pretty XD 
enjoying fish'n'chips god i love catered 
is waiting for rachel ward to get of facebook so we can start this essay . Oh and is scared of the massive and expensive looking computer she is using :-( . 
put new sheets on my bed a few days ago only to find out today that i forgot to remove the cardboard packaging and had been sleeping on it since lol . 
will anyone be in coleraine on saturday ? 
OMG , i soooo need to see Saw 3D , not only does it have Chester Bennington in it but Dir en Grey are on the soundtrack !!!!!! I don't even care that the saw movies are somewhere between boring and mildly amusing , its currrently a must see !!!!!!! 
i can't believe i felt bad for something i said and then find out that they were faking being hurt . I am so raging 
some asshole just threw a snowball threw my window and its all over my electrics . If nendrum burns down tonight blame that asshole . 
90 percent of the world have a lower IQ than me . 
did not need the full view of that guy peeing . Neway let the mystery tour commence . 
is locked in her bathroom FML 
just a tad bit slippy today 
is doing laps around stran and queens , down the malone and up the stran , I wonder how many I'll do before I get tired lol . Os also in a happy theme song mood lol 
and once again my cousins are late . Comon , were coming from coleraine your coming from 5 minutes down the road :-( and are now hald an hour late HOW !!!!????. 

I complain alot don't I . 
hey anybody know how merlin ended we recorded it but it cut off after the dragon . 
is absolutly soaking wet and drying her hair with a hairdryer . Someone set nendrum on fire . :-( i wanna sleep ! 
a van crushed some shop window lol . Everyone was taking pics lol 
who's back at stran and will be eating in chatz , i don't want to go by myself lol 
there is silent hill mist outside . This almost makess up for my train being late . Almost 
Hurry up Boxing Day I want the shops to open so i'll actually get X-mas presents , as well as Birthday presents , i forgot to spend that money lol ... :-) 
I love Jeremy Kyle but these people must be actors , either that or i never want to go to england . Who accuses their child of dosing their other childs dinner with bleach at age 11 . :-o 
its so wierd being so close to home without actually going home . Lol . I actually really wanna go home now , i miss the summer lol and the 6th form centre . even class abit , not that we ever did ne work in those XP 
hey next week cher won't be the most hated and annoying singer on X-Factor justin beibers on 
geez is everyone working today , most of my news feed is taken up by People complaing about work :-) so glad i don't . Tho i'm spending boxing day in derry and can go shopping cause of the snow :-( ergo still no christmas prezzie for me . 
i know my module is ' an introduction to psychology ' , but i wasn't expecting a LITERAL introduction to psychology 
is so tired and not feeling great , so much so she is wearing tackies :( 
stupid tree outside my room making ominous noises lol . The strange thudding from the room above is creepy too . 
I hate being so shy :( . I was gonna go into an office for rentals and such with Rachel Ward , got halfway there , heard a door close and ran off shouting ' RUN AWAY!!!' 
i feel so smart being in a uni library , too bad i'm not getting much learnt :-( 
Has just found out COD has a storyline . Who knew i thought you just shot people in multiplayer mode or killed nazi zombies but aparently not . I'm almost tempted to play it ..... Almost 
can't believe they put our results back to january , stupid test took up two weeks of my time ( all be it cause i'm bad at studying ) . I wanna know what i got :-( i'm impatient 
looks like my diet of junk food and little exercise didn't succeed in keeping me well : -c on the plus side i forgot how good ambrosia tastes . 
omg 1.80 for a whiskey i love belfast 
just finished my last exam woot . I love the fact that most of my class choose to ignore the compare the differences part of the question . 
aparently i'm really weird :-( 
just back from box , feet are nearly bleeding lol . Kinda wish people wouldn't chat me up tho espeacially when they're female :-o . I don't look gay do i lol . 
woot just done psych test . It went well , i even left early ( not as early as i'd have liked cause its scary , but early none the less ) . Too bad that was the easy one . 
STOP VIBRATING YOU STUPID BENCH , its really creepy 
rick you need gto be faster if you want to frape me XD 
OMG , free student dinners have hotdogs , GOD LOVES ME :D 
Nect week i'll bring my Lab Book promise XX 
tarting to regret having subway earlier . Don't get me wrong It was lovely but I'm only starting my dinner now !!! Woot for screwed up eating times 
is lovin the vegan brownies in the union lol . I still love meat tho 
My news feed just came up saying Justin beiber has been shot lol . Why I'll never know . why will i never know .... because i don't really care TBH 
this train is gonna be packed :( theres practically a full train here at the Coleraine station . 
I could listen to this stats lecture ... Or I could defragment my hard drive . Hmmmm .... I'm gonna defragment 
Dear QoL 
Thank you very very very very very very much 
Love Smythie 
Woot got free chinese marinade ribs from macro . 
lol , removed some wee dolls laundry cos we needed to use the machine then they came in , it was so funny , they just looked at us and got their laundry and left . Opps , we need a tumble now , and both are have clothes in them . XD not for long . Btw don't leave your laundry unattend especially when its been finshed for an hour or someone will move it lol 
for some reason is usaing two keyboards to type ...... my uiopjklm keys appear as 456*1230 in that order on one keyboard and the writing is too small to use the other one ful ; l time :( 
Dear Student Finance 
What do you mean ' CALCULATING ' tutition fees . 
I know i say this everytime I get an essay but I HATE WORD LIMITS . i'm already 200 words over the limit and still havn't started the abstract :( FMLR 
still can't find the laundry room anyone know where it is 
I am no common theif :( 
Still think i should have ran though . it woulda sooo been funny . They'd never find me in Narnia . 
Has lost her memory pen with her lab report and essays on it :( 
Permission to cry ? 
don't frape me :( 
omg nearly got run over b an old couple on clever ..... And i was on the footpath 
Did and app that tagged 24 people :( If you were tagged in a photo by me its because you liked my status at some point enough to be considered a fan . i deleted the pic cause why would I want it lol . just saying cause some people have asked already . Don't worry i have no embarassing photos of you XD 
Its legal for people to give false messages from ' beyond the grave ' in NI but no one else . 
is really hoping that Anorexia Nervosa and Bulimia Nervosa are health psychology issues 
I swear if I see ' No electronic text available ' one more time QCat will get more than the finger :( 
Just looked in the mirrir and remembered I got my ears pierced again lol . I wonder if Rachel Ward remembers my ear piercings XD 
I smell burning ... i don't think its coming from my room , its hard to tell . i'm not cooking anything but i can just imagine something burning ominously in the corner . i'm not evacuating regardless , i'm comfy 
Can't wait for some more Panaffles tomorrow 
at least whoever had my room last had a good taste in music :) Just knocked over the silly picture thing to reveal a kerrang mag . 
Loved the pirate in the boat today . Made my pancake day . 
Apparently I'm no longer allowed to be friends with Rachel Ward on facebook :P 
RW : Hey look , they want to hire Leprechauns 
RS : I think its a joke 
RW : Well people dressed up as Leprechauns , see 
RS : Oh , well they couldn't hire Leprechauns anyway , because they are extinct . 
RW : yea i know 
RS : O_o 
It pays to listen 
Hey this is a question to everyone doing Psychology 
Does the title count as part of our word limit ? 
and do we add the mark sheet we did for the last essay ? 
is annoying Rachel Ward with her newfound knowkedge of American state capitals XD 
House sorted woot . Third time lucky !! 
great day followed by great night :) 
That is all 
Can't believe there is an apparent strike in March in Queens . I just hope the lecturers don't change our classes :( I don't want to attend classes on extra days .... and come to think of it . it the classes are rescheduled instead of cancelled ... the lecturers on strike will still be doing what they are paid to do and so what is the point in this strike ? 
Everybody needs a friend like Smythie :) 
How much is 52.5 cl ? 
everytime I change page my status updates , how do you delete those 
frape 
i love rachel ward 
Facebook is not green for St Paddy's , I am disappoint 
21 People in class today :) 
is the onlyy person in chatz :-( I have friends really ! 
is no one going to be in coleraine on saturday 
can't dry hair out of fear of a weeping angle appearing behind me :( 
My family thinks i'm crazy now 
After St Patrick's day , not all plastic bottles in your room are water so do not try and down it if you are thirsty :( #LFMF 
Well fine then Caoimhe Vastexpanseofhydrogenoxide Burnett don't give me permission to comment on your status ? ´ , _ ? `) 
Just caught fly in hand without killing it . My first thought .... I'm so Ninja :) , my second thought , were the hell did the fly come from . 
wishes her family would stop making fun of her sedimentality . If you ask me ' hows uni ' the anser is fine . If you ask ' do you like it ' the answer is yea and the answer to ' whats your friends like ' is they're nice . What else do you want me to say !!???? Is there some sort of social protocol i don't know about ????? 
Have you ever watched a movie and thought ' OMG that character looks like me . ' 
I was just watching ****** and thought that about the main character , tho only from the last few scenes of the movie , I'm mortified :( 
How long does it take to update my lab report mark , does trhe entire thing need to remarked or what :( 
Can't Believe that so few people have heard of the Animaniacs :( WHAT TYPE OF 90'S CHILD ARE YOU :( 
woot at emers rowing clubs wall street party , its awesome . So much fpr not drinking lol 
Mark in lab report went from 65-75 woot 
labs made me feel like a twat :) , a grinning twat with a pen in my mouth :( . Why is psychologist such a weird subject 
almost had a heart attack when i thought i got on the train to bangor lol . 
omg 1.80 for a whiskey i love belfast 
Has 400 words left in report to finish introduction and discussion :( I WANT MORE WORDS , even just 100 more , please ... 
rachel ward is a great friend 
stuck in a stupid d . of . e award thing . was suppose to start age ago . God i hate these things 
needs to do better on essays next year . though having some knowledge on what we are writing about may be nice , or you know some help on HOW to write the essay . :( 
Just found out the unfortunate anagram for xemnas ( KH Series ) , can't stop thinking about it everytime he shows up . :( 
is still slightly terrified lol 
Suddenly misses the 90's , 
I might actually be going through a mid-life crisis here lol . But over the past few weeks I've become 90's obsessed , good thing leggings are fashionable lol . 
Just cheer up and never ever give up hope :) 
Just got second row seats to see Micael Macintyre :) 
where do you buy tickets to the queens freshers ball 
had a great time at Harry Potter ball last night . :-) . So happy even random peeps and the staff recognsed my character . Sooooo tired now tho , can't believe i had to walk home . :-( 
Has an extra three weeks till short answer test woot . Here comes a dossy weekend 
Dear Queens 
PhD students CANNOT teach lectures even if the course is just an extra module . Please stop doing it 
Can't believe I just stated out loud that I was too busy laughing at people faces in an experiment to answer coreectly , but some of them were just LOL , bar that blond girl with the eyes really wide apart , she looked like a sociopath . 
is in the beach v.i.p in the odessy jagerbomb for 2:50 
just sorting out what clothes to bring to uni . Relised i only have going out clothes and will have to buy some casual clothes anyone know a good place to get cheap casual clothes ? I cant go'to lectures dressed for kellys . 
anybody have a multi-region DVD player ? That I can acess today , or just a laptop with a diskdrive will do ? 
Damn America having a different region to us :( 
note to self : do NOT brush you teeth BEFORE having breakfast , chocopops milk and mink do not make a bowl of fun 
just got my first psychlogy textbook gotta read the first chapter before freshers week but i really wanna read the last chapter . Only 770 pages to go till then . 
anybody in coleraine have a pencil skirt i could borrow ? or simliar item ? 
elise has nothing to complain about , the noise of the teaparty in nendrum is so loud they might as well be in my room , i'd get ear plugs but aparently they don't work . 
can't believe storm lee went out , i loved him . Cher and wagner should have gone , they are both truly awful 
whats the quickest and cheapest way to get to the odessy for 7pm tonight ? 
room is such a mess ..... btw what is everone wereing to emers thing tomorrow , do you think a black dress will do ? 
i will upload the rest of the pics from the harry potter ball after class . For some reason facebook only lets me upload a few pics at time :( 
is in a baking mood today :-) . Gonna start making some fudge while I wait for the muffins to bake 8D 
just found half a bottle of barcardi in a bag in my room lol 
My chat sigh has become an exclaimation mark in a triangle . I did my driving thoery thats a warning sign !!!!!!! 
apparaently there is a footoe match on and the beach party doesn't start till after 
Is only out of bed 8D 
god everyone i know are insomnicas , emer and richard why did you go on facebook when you when home ? I'm currently shattered 
is making waffles and donaughts instead of revision , go me !!!! 
' go to a club and get one ' lol i love kids 
woot back up in stran XD still feeling sick tho :-( 
Just found out the IQ test she did was only outta 110 , that not a proper one :( 
really hopes its not raining in belfast as she forgot her coat :-( 
kinda wants to go out n the snow , but stran halls are just so warm , wht to do :( 
can't understand why people don't like the Lion King 2 , I love it !! 
We will stand by your side 
Filled with hope and filled with pride 
We are more than we are 
We are one . 
just realised that while taking my notes i completly disregaurded a theory by saying ' kinda obvious why this is incorrect ' i wonder if i'd get marks on my test tomorrow for writing that :-) 
at zeifi's house , woo . Catching up with siona and stephanie 
is studing in Narnia 
really enjoyed limelight last night , its like they took my mp3 player and played it on XD 
forgot to put powder in wash , so shoved it in halfway through , it that ok ? 
how long does it take to talk to a depressed computer , i've been sitting here since two . 
OMG cheryl is soooooo orange 
just won 6 tickets to the halloween ball lol , already had two , isn't it awesome , now all my friends can go . 
sure there is nothing wrong with running , diving and skidding across the floor to catch a toy car you send flying across the canteen ? 
this is strange , its only me richard and ryan in navan common room , none of us life here lol 
OMG i'm sooooo hungary . I've eaten two large swiss roles a packet of biscuits 5 packets of hula hoops and two pepperami . Maybe i should order a takeout :-( 
i don't think my train is coming , its 20 mins late and the posh robotic voice hasn't mentioned it 
is sleeping in the DKB while waiting on her tutorial . I think i've been oversleeping recently cause i certainly havn't been undersleeping lol 
OMG , best playlist on 4 music ever , no one knows , smooth criminal , pretty fly , sabotage and tribute . Can't wait for the final 4 . 
thinks richard addis is awesome 
is in box for rachel wards 19th woot 
ahhhhh Key stage statistics , you are such a doss . I really can't believe they are explaining , modes and medians to uni students . they assume we know the mean , yet still explain it to us anyway . :-( 
got halloween costume today on sale for a fiver woot . 
OMG just got my essay marks back . Aparently i wrote the wrong thing :-( . In fairness our tutor gave us such a broad question . 
such an unchristmasy QI lol . But Daniel Radcliff is on and hes smart ;-) . What age is he ? 
Cheryl coles hair tried to add me on facebook , some people really have no life . 
only took me 20 mins to find my keys today , a new record 
is sitting in benedicts wering a pink wig and playin i have never lol 
OMG the high school has closed . The snows not that bad :-( i've had to go to school in this before 
just got up lol , its great not having to get up for class , however i shoukd be currently meeting rachel ward so we can do our laundry , opps 
OMG just found out my essay has to be submitted at 4PM tomorrow not at Midnight tomorrow ..... :( . I should really start it now . 
Turned on my laptop today to study for my test tomorrow and watched the first four eps of digimon :-) . Time well spent . 
I EVOLVED !!!!!! 
Facebook I am sorry to tell you that you are no longer my ‘go to guy’ for procrastination . No you have officially been replaced by organising things . Its fun , but only things that are pointless to organise otherwise your doing something useful , on the other hand I can now directly locate any quality street I want from the box and know how many are left lol . 
merry christmas xxxx 
has been upgraded to the penthouse suit XD . 
the title of my lecture today is E.P.I.C. and is asking the question what is epic lol 
there is something incredably wrong about learning about domestic violence and listening to love song by taylor swift . To make things more awkward the next song was love the way you lie X-/ 
OMG , just got an e-mail saying i had missed a lab class . Which could cause me to fail my course . I hadn't obviously , i just typed in my queens username abd password instead of my name for some bizzare reason lol 
just broke the fan in navan 
has finally bought ' birth by sleep ' only to realise i left my psp in belfast . But its ok i also bought Silent Hill : Origins : -C . 
Btw does anyone know what console chain of memories is for ? 
Stran why is your internet so slow :( , 3G on my phone is so much quicker 
is sitting in the back of a merc listening to christmas songs and looking for the nearest McD's drive through without a sat nav thank god for google maps and blackberries . What a way to spend my last night at stran :-) . Btw david , i finished my candy cane , soz ;-) . 
Has never been so happy I do wakeboarding ..... Moving train an nowhere to hold onto , its like turning heelside constantly 
thank you for all the B-Day messages everyone , even those who sent by text or in person :-D , had a great B-Day , i meet a pirate XD 
has 12 subway cookies :-D 
OMG can't believe that rachel ward thinks stephanie myers is a good auther HOW 
just slipped on my ass and slid afew meters down clever park :-D lol 
i'm soooooo lucky i learnt cognition this morning , that test was awful :-( . Can't believe some people left after an hour . 
' if the person has wrote ' i will kill again 5 times ' they have the right topic but wrong room . ' i love psych lab class 
is about to dye her hair :-D . wish me luck 
is it wrong that i found games designed to test the cognitive processes of children harder than my short answer test ?????? The robot likes the cookies , the robot doesn't like the cake , the robot likes ...... My head is too fried to work it out 
Dreamt about a massive spider last night ... woke up this morning and had to double check the spider wasn't still in my room , it so sooo big it made the dream me cry :( 
last exam , tonight . Wish me luck 
Really wants to replay XII :( and it's all your fault Ciara !!! Tho unlike you I actually can woot . :-P 
Here this has been bugging me , but what is the youngest form of Biyomon ( Digimon ) , you know after egg , I know egg is the youngest . Please help , this has really been bugging me :( 
just saw the most shocking thing . A young girl about 7 at the most walking home from school all by herself , texting away on her mobile : 0 The castlerock road is not the safest place for a child to be walking . What parent would let their child do that ? 
OMG mystery tour has brought me home XD 
hey just a shout to all my friends trying to get home this weekend . Eight inches of snow between now and midnight , all airport closed . GOOD LUCK TO YA :-) 
is loving all the christmas specials , the mentalist last week , werehouse 13 tonight ( with an evil santa ) and Dr Who tomorrow and all christmas specials on new years XD . Come to think of it none of these christmas specials are overly christmasy . 
god my memory is awful . This christmas i discovered that i have actually seen all the jurassic parks , quite abit of the tv series friends and shrek 3 . I'm scared to watch anything else incase it turns out i've seen that also :-( 
just found out theres no water over the bridge XD . 
Feels like the only healthy person on facebook :-O . See now if you only sat on your ass all day eat meat chocolate and carbs ( thats like bread and pasta right ? ) like me you'd all be fit and healthy XD . 
feels all menising , sitting on the ground with my coat hood up lol 
Next year I can study abroad woot . To bad its earlier Austrailia with the spiders or Canada , which I've heard bad things about . 
aced my stats and lab report :-) .... Sortta 
OMG , just watched Pinky and the Brain in lectures , I don't think there has ever been a bigger smile on my face , I was actually grinning . XD 
Hey how to work out grades , I got 70 and 64 , are they the same as essays 
Just got my age wrong , aparently I'm not 18 :( 
is studying with rachel ward in nendrum 2:8 . Too bad were going over the stuff we know rather than the stuff we don't :-( 
30-40 hours A WEEK should be spent of STUDY !!! I don't think I managed 30-40 hours revision THIS SEMESTER !!!!!! 
my key can barely open the front enterence into halls :-( . I really need to get that sorted with the halls office . 
Damn you procrastination , i have class at 10 :( , good thing it only takes me 7-8 mins to get ready ( cause it takes 20 just to decide to get out of bed and another 10 to actually do it ) . :) i <3 you bed 
Not feeling to great so i'm weearing a tracksuit :( . I blame Laurard !!!! 
Just tried to sign into the ' Queens ' computer with my Coleraine High School username and password , How i miss being rsmyth662 . 
Is house-hunting lol . 
Internet on laptop has crashed ... And the CD to fix it is in Coleraine :( . guess I'll have to wait until Wednesday to get my results . 
has left her lab book in Coleraine ..... I hope we don't need to for anything today 
Is completly exhausted after fighting off all the bullies :( 
