Is going to be in an art anthology ! 
is kinda shocked that Micheal Jackson is dead .... and Farah Fawcett too . 
Just beat Golden Sun and typed a freaking HUGE password into Golden Sun : The Lost Ages so as not to lose all her stats , Djinn , and what not . 
Great Aunt Floy just passed away ... she lived alone and it was a week until they found her ;_; So horrible ;_; 
just saw a commercial for a live action ' Blood the Last Vampire ' wtf when did this happen ? It comes to theaters in July and was directed by the ' Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon ' guy 
' s mommy might have swine flu ... the doctor thinks so > < 
' s art blog just got it's first follower ! Yay ! She's some random lady I don't know which makes it cooler XD 
just caught djinn number 72 ... now onto the last side quest and then then end ! 
finds the lack of single player mode in the demo of Marvel Vs Capcom to be rather ... well stupid . 
isn't sure how she'll pay next month's medical bill dues ;_; Some place hire me ! 
Just saw a commercial for scientology * shudder * 
just put baby sea turtles back in the ocean ... they were crawling all over the parking lot ! Poor little guys got lost cause there isn't a moon tonight ;_; 
' s mommy is outta the hospital now . She has to stay in bed for at least a week more but she's getting better <3 
is cleaning up line art ... lord is it boring and tedious ! 
was going to sit outside to draw but DAMN , not five minutes out there and sweating like mad . Back to the cool sanctum of the living room . 
' s mommy went to the hospital today , she's really weak and hasn't had enough fluid intake the past few days . ;_; * worry worry * 
is having a hard time finding reference of maid uniforms that are a : not so skimpy it's hard to think of them as clothing b : not in any inherit way ' sexy ' and c : not on scary looking men . Is an actual historic Victorian maid uniform really that hard to find ? 
hates hiccups 
is missing her love horribly ! 
saw a shooting star and watched the moon rise over the ocean 
is gonna see either District 9 or Ponyo tomorrow ... so hard to choose ! Perhaps a coin toss ? 
just watched a lightning storm way way way far out at sea with Andy , it was so far that there wasn't any thunder 
hates the math puzzles in the Professor Layton games > < 
quite enjoys eating jam , which is very different from jelly and so much more delicious 
just got a really big job ! Will be making somewhere around $1000 for this one with the potential of a big bonus ! Can't divulge info about it though , top secret project and I signed an NDA 
is pretty sure 2months2million is one of the stupidest shows ever thought up ... from the commercials I thought they were throwing the online poker players into actual real life games but no ... they're playing online poker and just happen to be in Vegas and living in the same house for the time being . God I hate reality TV 
is looking forward to leftover curry tomorrow ... mmmmm tortillas filled with curry and rice <33 
and Andy had a lovely lunch with Jolene and her two little boys <3 It was great to see her after all these years ! 
is pleased with Panyo ... quite good as all Ghibli movies tend to be . Children in the theater however are never enjoyable^^ 
is sick of the ' Jennifer's body ' commercials ... that movie looks awful and the plot is sooooo generic 
is finding it really hard to get down to work today > < 
<3 s Professor Layton , the second game is shaping up to be just as great as the first and with improvements even ! 
is confused by the mystery salmon in the museum ... 
is pretty sure Titan Maximum looks like the most craptactical spoof of the not so great to begin with vehicle Voltron ever . Robot Chicken guys you have officially run out of even reasonably good ideas 
thinks it's pretty awesome that Pres Obama thinks Kanye West is a jackass ... makes my day ! 
is restless 
is having an interview/project briefing today at 1:30 with her client from the UK ... sorta nervous , not sure how this is gonna work . We're doing it over skype . 
feels sorta sick 
just had a horribly busy last ten days .... and is exausted 
just saw some article about tila tequila .... forgot how very very ugly she is and never even noticed that her head was shaped so strangely ... Will never understand the ' famous for being famous ' thing 
Golden Compass = terrible movie 
is confused . 
was just questioned about her use of the word ' obakaybe ' and is now wondering where the crap she learned it . That's not some weird Pennsylvania Dutch thing is it ? 
is out of butter ... so much for making apple dumplings 
has bright orange nails with jack o ' lanturn faces painted on them .... painting those tiny faces in nail polish was hard 
is sick of working ..... bluck ! 
always feels so rewarded when she makes a client happy . 
this its more then a little odd that when she searches for ' nascar ' images she gets a lot of pictures of women's butts . And like , close up shots , not even the full lady . Internet , you confound me once again . 
really freaking hates not having the internet . 
Is tired from a day at the beach 
was considering making one of those fan pages to link to her website but feels really silly and conceited doing so .... maybe later . 
is pretty sure that , yes , today does in fact suck 
is very bored . And alone . And doesn't want to work . 
is baking a batch of chocolate bats ! OH MAN are they tasty ! Hope the boys will like them ! 
wonders if facebook is acting up for anyone else ... 
is sleepy .... and sad that the boys are gone . The house will be too quiet with just the two of us 
is bored and lonely ... what a great way to spend a weekend > < 
is sorta amused by the fact that when she looks for ' man with sword ' all she gets is a super old dude dressed like a pirate . Not helpful at all ! Haha 
just read that the man who created Shin Chan was found dead , he was out hiking and never came home and a hiker found him , it seems he fell to his death . That's really pretty terrible 
is engaged ! Andy asked me at dinner ! Hehe I'm giddy and happy <333 
finished reading the manga ' Pluto ' today , its pretty much an excerpt from ' Astro Boy ' form a different perspective . Very very good but there are some real bring you to tears moments . And Atom is so damn cute ... 
has her ring back ! Eeeeeeeeeeeee !! 
bought herself a wrist brace today . Due to her giant-ass freelance project her wrist has been hurting . Hoping this will help ! 
thinks it's funny that all these annoying online college commercials always star sorta dumb looking girls , haha . I guess they take online college so it's easier to cheat XD 
feels lucky to have Hayato and Daisuke here ! 
already misses Hayato and Daisuke , they were so much fun to have around ! 
just can't focus on work , possibly due to her stiff shoulders 
and Andy will be leaving for PA on Monday already . Time sure flys . Here's hoping the week goes well ! 
can't quite decide how she feels about the new Star Trek movie .... doesn't know enough about the series to properly say anything 
really hates cleaning .... but it must be done > < Can't have guests in a messy house ! 
should get started on her momma's christmas present 
is working .... oh the joys . Still can't believe that it's only Friday , feels like it's sunday 
' s grandmother had a heart attack ! She's okay and the doctors did something to open up her arteries so her heart gets more bloodflow but still , scary ! 
is really sick of dealing with clients that can't be bothered to do reasearch for their own stupid projects 
is confused by G4's ' movies that don't suck ' as they quite often play movies that do , inf fact , suck quite a lot 
can't sleep so is up drawing 
... four more pieces to finish and then all 18 are done ! Finally ! 
is sorta annoyed by the fact that everytime someone I'm friends with friends or becomes a fan of something facebook thinks I need to know . I don't care facebook . 
is tired ... curse you winter it's only like 4:30 and it's already getting dark . HATE . 
is feeling restless 
the original 1960 version of ' Little Shop of Horrors ' is pretty terrible .... super mediocre . 
just saw a 2 or so minute thing about Avatar on cartoon network which brings to mind the question of ' why are they marketing this movie to little children ? ' I mean I know it's only a pg-13 movie but , I donno , everything I've read always points out the weird sex scene . With the goofy toys in stores and the toys in kids ' meals they're very much aiming at little kids with it though . * shrug * 
gradually the fog is getting closer and closer and hiding more and more of the buildings around us . So creepy 
is hoping that all the stuff she ordered for Andy for christmas gets here in time ^^ ;; 
is bored and not sleepy > < WIDE AWAKE * writhe * 
is really glad she lives in florida considering the weather that's hitting the midwest right now ... those are some scary sounding storms ! 
finally got around to watching District 9 . Pretty good , rather sad though . 
is amused by some of the ... future generations ... in spirit tracks XD 
' s mom has pneumonia NOT swine flu as the doctor previously told us . She's in the hospital but she's feeling better now that she has some fluids in her 
Merry Christmas everyone ! 
is glad to be home and warm 
can't help but wonder why facebook thinks she wants to know who her friends are becoming friends with .... why can't I hide those posts ? 
Hey fellow art folks !! Crewest Gallery is putting a call out for artists to design Valentine's Day cards for the kids at the Children’s Hospital in Los Angeles . If you're interested in participating email Luna George at : lunacrewest@gmail.com They need 320 cards for the kids so the more people they get the better !! This ... is a fun way to make some sick kids happy ! 
is now work free until January ... best try and be productive ! Or you know ... play lots of video games instead XD 
Hey fellow art folks !! Crewest Gallery is putting a call out for artists to design Valentine's Day cards for the kids at the Children’s Hospital in Los Angeles . If you're interested in participating email Luna George at : lunacrewest@gmail.com They need 320 cards for the kids and currently there are 80 artists from around the world participating . This is a fun way to make some sick kids happy ! 
should be working but is helping Andy solve puzzles in Silent Hill instead ... 
has done it ... all the bunnies have been caught , all 50 of those fluffy little things , and now that sweet swordman's scroll is MINE 
will be getting paid again this week , another $150 to put in a dwindling bank account 
you know it's cold when they're calling for snow in cocoa beach ..... ;_; 
just got an honest critique from someone off Ovation ( artists social network site thing ) , holy crap it feels good to get that from someone off there instead of just praise ... after all how am I supposed to get better without a little criticism ? 
hopes the gingerbread apple dumplings are as good as they sound ... 
just finished baking a whole lot of gingerbread cookies ... 85 cookies to be exact . 60 of those are for holiday cookie gift boxes though and are now in the freezer XD 
departure time in aprox . 7 hours .... what to do for 7 hours ? 
finally finished FFVI ... way too easy at the end . Leveled up too much perhaps > < Oh well . 
just looked at the forcast for Austintown and is not pleased .... winter how I hate thee 
is finding it slightly hard to breath and talk all because we stayed in a smoker's home for a week ... it's very reminicent of childhood 
is boooorrreeedddddd ..... > < Kinda wants to work but her wrist hurts 
is happy to be home 
cleaned the bedroom up a tad and cleaned off the desk . It's a ncie desk but the chair is awful , I wish I could afford to buy a comfy one so I could actually work at the desk . Oh well , that's why I have a nice lap desk now 
broke in the new crock pot today with a delicous batch of curry ... was a little less thick then would have prefered so next time less water will be added 
is sad that she's gotten two invites to bid on projects in the past three days and can't accept them ! Curse you giant project ! 
watching Andy play Guilty Gear .... Slayer reminds me of the King of the Cosmos , he's so weird O.o 
a rocket launch at night looks like a tiny sun rising ... lights the sky up so you can see for miles 
is a working on dat dere job stuff ... aka doing sketches of characters , quite enjoyable 
Has been working diligently on character bios ... one down three to go .... Well , four if you count Pete Doug which you obviously should . 
forgot how fun Katamari is .... glad to hear more of the King's weird rants again XD 
why are so many artists , talented or otherwise , void of the desire to even try and make their art stronger ? I'm so sick of the ' my art is for me and no one else ' excuse for not trying ... I hope I never become like that and never stop wanting to do more with my art ( rant over XD ) 
looking up names that have specific meanings can be tough .... but really interesting 
just saw a commercial selling playdoh ... you know , one of those ' call this number to buy!' commercials . That's super odd 
curry + chocolate + apples = delicious and spicy goodness 
WHOOT 128 pages and it's DONE . All finished outlining my client's comic . Now to do the proper storyboards ! 
just saw someone refer to illustration as nothing more then ' photocopy work ' that has no ' innovation ' or ' insite ' and only functions as a ' cliche ' I can't say I've ever been more horrified with someone's perspective on a form of art before ... * shakes head * 
can't sleep ... and is sorta nibbly 
drinking the delicious , life sustaining blood of Warbabu ..... or Pepsi for those of you who are normal 
every character in Blazblue has at least a touch of red on them ... I find this interesting . 
Two chapters left and thusfar 97 pages of comic outlined , I'm gonna be working on this one for a while XD 
Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn has some really nice animation , has a lot of the feel of the first Gundam 
adding some color to the face studies I have done ... still have a few characters to draw yet but thought I'd do something relaxing^^ 
carl clover is a goofy name .... 
wishes the rain would stop 
just can't seem to focus today ... and is still drowsy ^^ ;; 
Dear Texas school boards . I can't believe you've decided to cut Thomas Jefferson out of your history books . WTF Texas , WTF . I think I rather hate you . 
just saw what appears to be a random fireworks display .... I'm guessing there was something going on at the park tonight ? 
has been feeling super productive these past few days ... working like crazy on my client's comic , working on stuff for my own ... even wrote up an actual bio for myself today ( for like , websites and stuff you know ) 
the show ' chopped ' is both interesting and maddening . Also , I often really dislike at least one of the chefs on it ... 
Whoot for being productive ! 
" So glad you're pushing on with your comic ! Think ahead-it could be a whole series that could go anywhere . Your crew could have fabulous adventures all around the world ! You can submit it to publishers and maybe get stinking rich [ JK Rowling !! } A Mom can dream big for her kid . I have much faith in you . " - My Mom <3 I love her 
kinda bored ... hand tired ... should maybe outline some more 
was just let down by Amazon ... they don't carry the inking pens I use . Gonna have to go to the art store later I guess 
Outlining- so important but so boring XD Also ... I forgot Andy got me Boondock Saints for Christmas .... we just realized it was still in wrapper ^^ ;; Makes me feel dumb 
Who loves orange soda ? 
is working on a sweet comic book job ... lots of work to do ! 
It's seriously weird having to once more get used to being alone for a few hours a few times a week ... I find I do very little in those handfuls of hours . 
Got a new hush hush project with my UK client , I think this one will be pretty fun for people ! Hopefully it won't take me too long to do ( it shouldn't take me more then a week or two at most ) and won't interfere with jobs from my Patron or with NaNoWriMo ... or with making costumes for people ... or with my comic doings .... I take on a lot of things all at once don't I ? Why do I do that ?? 
My mom sent me a link to site for wedding dresses ... I think she's excited XD Looking at dresses is fun though , especially when you find the really ugly ones ! 
Starting tomorrow is a very special week for my blog ! I've decided to do a 4 day marathon of posts detailing the early beginnings of ' Seven Seas ' which still needs an offical name btw . Tomorrow I'll make a post dedicated to what inspired the entire comic which may surprise quite a few people . 
the beautiful warm weather is making me feel all nostalgic today <3 Brings back happy memories of walking to the grocery store and school , swinging on the park swings , eating ice cream at Jenny's , and calling forth Dumblehat to destroy our enemies <3 <3 
I love when I get invited to bid on projects that are either a ) way out of my skill set ( so many offers to make websites ) b ) want ridiculously high quality work for the tiniest fraction of what it's worth or c ) don't actually tell you anything about the project . Just got an offer that was both b and c and I was happy to decline it , not to mention I have a great number of other projects atm for clients ... 
It's 58 degrees here ;_; too cold ( yeah yeah , I know it's colder where you are hush up ) 
is being given a lot of trouble by the giant whale man she's attempting to design .... stupid whale being a jerk > < 
50,210 is my final word count ( unless I go back later this week and add more ) which is not too shabby for a rough draft . I'm sure it's just plain AWFUL XD 
Working on a big pic ... so far I've spent like 12 hours on it and it's not even half done . * sigh * drawing on the computer is so much more time consuming and difficult > < That's what I get for working on such a big image though ! ( 40X27 , what was I thinking ? haha ) 
is disapointed in subway's chicken salad sub ... very bland . Could have done with more fruit and some carrots too . Overall not great and now I have a weirdness in my tummy . Not sick but not ... right either 
drawing children is tricky ... never seems to get easier for me > < 
He's off and flyin ' as he guns the car around the track He's jammin ' down the pedal like he's never comin ' back Adventure's waitin ' just ahead . Go Speed Racer Go Speed Racer Go Speed Racer , Go ! 
Working on a new background for my compy ... should be super cute 
Man ... when did I start working today ? It was like noon right ? And I'm only finishing and sending the files NOW ? Even factoring in an hour for lunch , DBZ , and dinner that's insane . At least I'm getting paid well . 
I am tired of this ' all or none ' mentality people have toward art . Art issuch a subjective thing , one can not simply say that everything of something is art or isn't art . * sigh * why is this a difficult concept ? It's as if one took one of those awful twilight books and judged the whole of writing on it and thus decided that all novels were garbage . You just .. you just CAN'T do that 
Arg Blogger is being dumb today .... 
Great ... my computer's power cable is being a little jerk and pulling apart . I have it taped down to my lapdesk now but who knows how long that'll hold > < I really don't have an extra $80 to replace the damned thing or the however much I'd need for a new battery . * sigh * I hate you , flimsy macbook cable ... 
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears , the figure that she carries , or the way she combs her hair . The beauty of a woman is seen in her eyes , because that is the doorway to her heart , the place where love resides . True beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul . It's the caring that she lovingly gives , the passion that she shows & the beauty of a woman only grows with passing years-Audrey Hepburn 
My mom had to put my kitty Jane down on Friday , poor old thing was in bad shape . She was 17 . Will miss you Jane , you were a good kitty . 
looking at old cosplay pics makes me miss it so much ! Those pics bring back so many crazy memories ... like standing with Jackie in the giant pair of Astaroth pants she was making , or the times I've been crazy fangirl hugged from behind . Getting trapped in a hallway for half an hour in the Kenshin group . Good times indeed . My only wish is that I had gotten more and better pics of my own costumes 
Annoyingly not tired .... how very bothersome 
doesn't feel like doing anything today 
bleeeeeeeeee today is blucky , cloudy and gross all day = no energy for me > < Yesterday was so nice too 
I love that there are signs all over saying that it's illegal to set off fireworks on the beach but people do it anyway ... Oh America , you are so bad at following directions 
23,023 ! I'm at page 30 ! That's probably more pages then I've ever written of anything , and I'll be honest I'm really enjoying myself with it^^ I like my main character a lot , even if he isn't the bravest . I have a huge urge to draw the characters but I think I'll finish some other things first like a good girl 
Is taking today off . Got feedback from my UK client and all is well ! They really liked the stuff I sent them . I've only got about 30 more images to do , I'll start those tomorrow . AND they want to know if I can do some more image so yay ! extra monies for me . I think I will be able to actually fully pay off my med bills soon ! 
Have I mentioned that Sym-Bionic Titan is awesome ? Because it is , it totally is . Genndy Tartakovsky is a genius 
the stone on my engagement ring fell out ! Didn't lose the stone ( thankfully ! ) and gonna find a place to get it reset tomorrow ... hoping that won't cost much 
on the hunt for . 5mm blue lead refills ... why is everything I like to use hard to find ? > < 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . 
finally got around to finishing that book she was reading ... now her eyes are all tired > < 
Got herself a new background , how delightful ! 
I've listened to Neil Gaiman reading the first two chapters of his book ' The Graveyard Book ' tonight . I love his voice and his stories ! I was able to listen to them for free on Mousecircus.com, all 8 chapters are up for free ! It's fun to watch him read and hear him do voices <33 
happy to have been paid , now I can order my blue lead and not feel bad ... sadly when looking around our Office Depot did not carry it > < Got it off Dick Blick's website for the cheapest price I could find though ! 
As of today , there is a new privacy setting called " Instant Personalization " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to " Allow . " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck " Allow " . Please copy & repost 
" I sold my car for gas money ! " 
mega64 = Love <33 Nearly died laughing watching version 3 ! 
My total word count yesterday ( tuesday ) reached 6,107 ! I'm beating my daily word goals to shreds right now ! Whooo ! Haha , sorry if you guys are starting to hate these updates^^ I'm hoping that doing this every day will keep me moving along at a good pace . I'm gonna try and get to 8,000 words tomorrow ! 
got the gift card for the old navy returns she made today and has already placed her new order ... excited for the cute stuff on the way^^ 
Making spicy peanut butter chicken for dinner ... so good , so very good 
It is currently raining . Rainy days make me want to not do anything but I have so much work .... Maybe I'll make some cocoa and relax for a bit first though 
is thinking about getting a hair cut ... super long hair is a pain and I miss my bangs .... 
Gonna get some juice , watch some DBZ , and work for a bit . Hopefully will get to sleep earlier tonight * shakes fist at crappy sleep schedule * 
When ever I hear anyone mention ' quiche ' I can't but help think of the stupid , stupid rat creatures , hahaha XD 
I <3 science , Thank you Discovery channel for sharing Stephen Hawings cool new show with us 
Sooo full of curry nom nom nom 
made some tasty cookies ... double chocolate chocolate chip cayanne cookies 
26,160 . Not bad not bad . I think I'm right about where I want to be , I'm confident I can make 30,000 before the 15 . 
is feeling rather .... unmotivated today . Knowing I should work and working are two different things > < 
the air is thick with hundreds and hundreds of mating box elder bugs ... they've coated the porch screen and the bushes outside our place .... I don't think I want to go outside today 
playing some dragonball origins ... thusfar it's pretty fun and cute , has the same humor as the manga XD Will have to pick up the second one when it comes out 
Pumpkin juice is pretty good and rather creamy <3 
just got back from The Green Hornet , I must say it was pretty funny . I'm quite happy with it as a whole , worth a watch I'd say 
just looked at the clock and is so sure it can't possibly be 7 already ... this day went so fast 
Learning about hammer head sharks from Sir Ian Holm ... baby hamerheads are so cute ! 
* grumble * I hate when I toss and turn for a while and just can't get to sleep ... I just keep thinking and having ideas and my mind won't shut off for sleep ! I'm gonna go try again > < 
Okay , that number I posted earlier ? Yeah , totally scratch that . I started going back and adding stuff and now I'm at 48,224 . I'm only 1776 words away from my goal ! And since I'm adjusting the story a bit so it all fits together I'll have less work to do with it later^^ 
Dr. Whoing it up 
DBZ Kai , the perfect after dinner snack XD It's been a nice b-day , lots of love to everyone for the birthday wishes ! And the gifts <33 So much love ! 
BWAH HAHAHA I HAVE DONE IT BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS * cough * Er , that is , I've broken 50,000 words ! I'm still running through adding and adjusting stuff though so my word count shall still grow^^ 
the past few days have been gray skied and ucky > < I want my sun back ! 
' The angry sky fairy that smites you ' is the best description for a god I've ever heard 
has a headache ... stupid weather > < 
may as well do this XD ....... HOW DID WE MEET ? ( copy this to your status and see who remembers ) 
Inking with inkwell and brush is a very interesting way of working ... Have the full deck plans of the Minket all inked now , looks kinda cool 
Ugg 25 achievement icons drawn , inked , scanned , and colored finally DONE . Only took me about 4 hours . Now it's time to get dressed , clean up and do something ELSE . 
URG it's so hard to concentrate , I just don't feel like doing anything > < Makes me grumpy , I blame the constant on again off again rainfall we've been having today ... maybe the blue canary in the outlet by the light switch will help 
drousy .... ;_; 
only wants to draw her own stuff today ! But that happened yesterday so today at least 2 pages need drawn for the client's comic ^^ ;; 
sorta wishes her mom wouldn't buy her clothes but feels bad thinking that > < 
just read an article that states ' dads get postpartum depression too ' and is surprised that this seems to be a novel idea to some . It makes perfect sense to me that new dads would go through a lot of the same feelings that new moms do . 
The host lady of the new show ' Bitchin ' Kitchen ' on cooking channel has such an interesting accent and style 
Cleaned 
the bedroom yesterday for hours , it looks nice now but my legs are so 
tired today ! Drawing some fun stuff as a reward to myself XD 
Why is it so impossible to find a decent cross section of a freaking caravel class ship ??? I can find cross sections of carracks , of battleships , and everything in between but not a caravel which is the ONLY TYPE I CURRENTLY CARE ABOUT . Internet you have failed me . 
is really sad that the Stephen Hawking show was only 3 episodes .... I was really looking forward to it tonight ;_; 
Whoooo 40,023 words ! Only 9,977 to go ! At this rate I should finish before Thanksgiving ! 
holy crap . Rocko's . Modern . Life . That's right , it's on Nicktoons right now ... With this and them showing DBZ Kai I'm starting to really like this network 
You know the world is truly a frightening and terrible place when one of the newest posted images on Devart's front page is Meg Griffin in Lingerie . 
finds drawing super muscular men a little creepy ... muscles do weird things when they're big o.O 
The house in Ohio got sold ! Yay ! We went to Outback to celebrate and it was DELICOUS 
I just found out my checking account is changing and I'll be paying a $12 monthly fee now ... unless I can meet requirements that are , for me , impossible right now . Thanks Chase , what a great Christmas gift > < 
Hmmm ... it's 11:16 . Should I write or draw something ? Ho hum ho hum . I just spent the last few hours drawing stuff for a job ... maybe I'll draw for me and then write . Yes yes . But first ! TEA ! 
Wishing I had 20 extra dollars 
Homemade ice tea is one of the best things to have on a hot , humid day .... it's not even quite 10am and it's already 83 degrees out > < 
I just saw a HUGE RAT run across the doorway . DAMN IT first ants and now rats . What the crap condo , what the crap 
Watching the Green Hornet ... and someone in the show is watching Batman . That's just weird XD 
rocking out the tall boots , leggings , and skirt look today . Feeling pretty good , gonna be a good day . 
Page number 20 , word count 15,894 . Not too bad . I think I'm done for tonight , gonna do some more actual work ... after a snack that is . I'm thinking leftover Chinese food . Hmmm wonder if we still have any tortillas that are edible ? Chinese tacos = YUM 
I feel as though I've been very busy today .... I'm so tired all of a sudden > < 
was sketching some stuff to do with the card suits and somehow forgot what the symbol for spades looked like ... man ... I should sleep I guess cause that's just sad 
R . E . C . Y . C . L . E Recycle ! C . O . N . S . E . R . V . E . Conserve ! Don't P . O . L . L . U . T . E . pollute the river , sky , or sea or else you're gonna get what you deserve ! 
it angers me to read someone claim that ' all homosexuals have a match of the opposite sex suited to them more then anyone of the same sex ' saying that same sex tendencies should be ' conquered ' and ' never accepted ' yet claiming that they have no problem with homosexuality . Saying marriage is only real if its done under their God , that love has no place in wanting to spend your life with someone else . 
Cleaning up linework is both tedious and rewarding ... 
I love eating curry but man , it takes forever to make > < 
is hoping that by updating the drivers for her scanner that it will stop it's misbehavior . So far it seems to be working , here's hoping for the best ! 
awww man nostalgia , Dragonball Z Kai is playing on Nick now ... it's the original series with some stuff cut out ( like you know , such as the 5 episodes of powering up/screaming haha ) . Makes me happy ^^ 
Turn arounds , turn arounds , and MORE turn arounds ! Already 14 pages have been filled ! Still more to go , these are surprisingly a blast to do ! 
Yay ! Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !! <333 
Gonna do some shopping tomorrow ... hopefully get some new sheets and maybe a snazzy pair of new boots if I can find ones I like that aren't too expensive 
looking up and compiling winter solstice traditions ... it's interesting stuff ! Gonna have to figure out a way to put some of it together to make a good winter based holiday for the story 
Departure time in less then ... 9.5 hours .... I hope I can sleep > < Gettin up at 5:30 is not so much fun 
Annnnnddddd we're back ! The Bed & Breakfast at Pheasent Run was absoulutely BEAUTIFUL and we're pretty much sure that's where our wedding will be . First place we look is pretty much perfect , how lucky are we ? 
Got a weird email that said someone named Emma ( I do know an Emma ) left me a message on Badoo ... looking up info on the site tells me this is a crappy dating and picture rating site veiled as a social network . I do hope this wasn't actually from the girl I know because if it was she obviously doesn't know anything about me . 
I love eating twix but their commercials featuring men cheating and conning girls to sleep with them are just idiotic ... what a dumb ad campaign for a candy bar 
So I just watched a commercial of some animator lady showing kids how to draw Spongebob and the whole time all I could think was that she was holding her pencil soooo weird ... she had it clenched in her fist so oddly , it looked really awkward and uncomfortable 
Back to work for a few hours ... so much to do > < 
feeling vaguely under the weather ... sort of sore all over , head feels stuffy/fuzzy , and there is a tickle in my chest ... I hope I'm not actually getting sick 
we watch a lot of BBC America ... 
Man ... I looked up ' looney tunes ' to look at the style and while I got a lot of normal images I was surprised at how many sleezy pics showed up on the first page . Usually that stuff shows up on later pages > < 
A week or two ago I won a contest via Elance's facebook page ( Elance is an online freelancing site I use to find clients/jobs ) and I just got my prize today ! I was only expecting the book I won but I also got some extra gifts ! Two pens , a pad of post-it notes , and one of those nice stainless steel waterbottles ! Everything has ' Elance ' on it which makes me feel a tad professional too . What a great way to start a day ! 
Was really looking forward to getting her stuff from oldnavy today ... and what do you know they sent me TWO LEFT SHOES . I'm so unhappy but at least we found out there IS an oldnavy store nearby so ... I guess we'll be heading there soon so I can exchange for something that I can actually wear . 
* sigh * oh blogger site , why won't you let me finish uploading my sketches and art ? How very rude of you . 
My blog now has 11 followers which might not sound like a lot to , well , anyone but the fact that 7 of those are people I DON'T KNOW at all that means something to me ^^ 
Did you see that ludicrous display last night ? 
Damn General Blue ! You scream like a little girl when I hit you but you're so freaking hard to kill ! You're my favorite Red Ribbon Army General even if you're not into girls , haha 
Okay . Okay . Okay . So I am at 46,418 and I'm pretty much DONE with the story . By which I mean I have the end written ( I was right , it was a sort of sad end ) so now I get to go back and add some more stuff I've been wanting to to get my last 3582 words . Holy crap guys , I actually finished writing a FULL STORY . This is like , a first for me . 
Was sitting on the couch sketching and heard a little noise . I looked down to see a cute little mousy nibbling on crumbs right below me . He has since vanished . So now we have ants , a rat , and a mouse . 
Haha , I just won second place in a critique contest on Devart , how entertaining is that XD I won some points and 4 features , already have a few more watchers ' cause of it too ^^ Fun times ! 
Gotta go get me a pack of 11x17 bristol board ... cut in half I'll actually have sheets that will fit my scanner ! And I'll get twice as many pages that way too XD 
drawing in other artists ' styles is difficult but kinda fun at the same time 
damn it ... I wish I had known about today being ' spirit day ' where you wear purple to honor the poor kids that committed suicide because of anti-gay/lesbian bullying . I would have worn my purple dress and shown my love ;_; 
Found out that her current freelance client will be stationed in Afghanistan soon and will be there for four months ! Sadness for both him ( hoping he'll be safe ! ) and my wallet 
just watched two idiots in the appartment building nextdoor jump first from the fourth floor and then from the fith floor into the pool before bolting away in what seemed to be some sort of fear . What the hell is wrong with people ? They're lucky they didn't crack open their heads . 
Have I mentioned how much I hate migraines ? Because I do , I hate them a lot . They leave me so drained the next day ... still feeling the effects of last nights ... at least they seem to get less and less common as the years go by , can't remember the last one I had 
For once I'm awake at this time because I actually WOKE UP rather then stayed up . I like that I woke up in time to watch the Hub's morning cartoon lineup^^ 
Whooo 18,043 is my final word count of the night , I'm totally going to break 20,000 before day ten ! My story is going pretty well , haven't gotten stuck yet ! Now I'm going to do some art for myself because I've been VERY busy all day doing freelance stuff and writing 
The fear of magic , rhabdophobia , is also the name for the fear of being beaten . Kinda weird . 
Currently at 4,320 words ( just starting the sixth page ) and 896 words ahead of schedule ( daily word goal being 1667 ) I think I'm doing fairly well , I do hope I can keep this up . 
is trying to plan out the order to cook things in for Thanksgiving dinner ... We're having Turkey , mashed potatoes , green bean casserole , baked corn , cranberry sauce , and biscuits ! Not a bad feast for three people , haha 
Adding tons of music to her MP3 player ... I have a lot of cds that wanna be listened to and so many of them have to have their playlists manually added > < 
WHAT ? Fairly Odd Parents marathon ??? BLASPHEMY ! Where is my DBZ ? The next episode is where Freeza blows up Krillian and Goku goes super saiyan for the first time ! ARRRGGGG ;_; 
New sheets have been bought ( on mega sale too , I payed $20 for $50 sheets ) new boots have sadly eluded me . Oh well , I don't really need them . 
Don't don't don't let's start ... I enjoy you They Might Be Giants . Also , just got paid and have decided that the 88 something left on my one doctor bill is getting fully paid off ! One less bill in my life is a good thing^^ Now to just finish taking down the BIG one . 
I have a deep dislike for the overzealous of the world espousing that only they and theirs have morality . One's religion does not make one better then anyone else , nothing is ever that stark , rather everything is in shades of gray with constant overlapping . 
I've been fighting the urge these past few days to go back and edit my novel but I MUST PREVAIL . I'm not finished yet , I've got to press on and have the thing 100% drafted out before changing anything . * tries to be determined * 
There is something about a free cookie that just tastes amazing XD Had lunch at BunJava today ( awesome cafe down the street ) and we got free cookies from the awesome lady working there ( she totally knows us XD ) Add on top of that delicious food and one of the best iced chai teas I've ever had and that's a good lunch ! 
It feels so late right now but it's not even 12:30 > < It's annoying in a way 
URG . I have so much to do and don't feel like working on any of it . CURSE YOU holiday blues > < 
Urg , the NaNo site is so slow sometimes > < I tried to update my word count and it freaked out on me 
I'm thinking of maybe dusting off the ole fleece hat making skills here ... I think they might sell okay on Etsy if I come up with some good designs . After all autumn and winter are coming for those states that have them XD 
So I made this bag ->> http://sir-migglesworth.deviantart.com/#/d2v5jet 
and a lot of people really liked it and told me I should sell them ! So I put up an offer to sell them and got a few ' please do ' type responses . I have a few bags on the way to me to paint and I already have my first commission ! He wants the ' L ' symbol from DeathNote painted on his XD Easy peasy ! and that's $25 for me ! 
Eventful day ... thrift shopping for a costume ( for Andy who can get extra credit in a class by wearing it ) , making an eye appointment for tomorrow ( FINALLY new glasses ) , almost being peed on by a squirrel ( just plain GROSS ) , seeing about ten GIANT black and yellow spiders along a nature walk , and finally vainly attempting to use coffee to stain wood . Will be buying some proper wood stain I think ... 
Making paper snowflakes XD 
I just had someone tell me that they ' don't think critique belongs in the art world ' and they think that they have a chance of making it as a freelancer .... they obviously assume that there aren't clients will accept anything and everything you make even if you aren't good * says the girl that works her ass off to make things worthwhile for clients * 
we just found Lebanon Bologna for sale at the deli in our Winn Dixie ... I've honestly never seen this outside PA so that's kinda sorta awesome for my lunchings ! If only it was sweet bologna 
Someone on DA saw the photo I have posted of me as Link and thought I was only 18 . I find that rather silly , though I suppose I do look rather young in those photos . 
Haha , my main guy is so awkward sometimes ... it's cute . He wasn't really meant to be but that's how he ended up being written XD 
Wh ... tomorrows Thursday already ? That's no good ... I've barely gotten anything done this week ! 
YAY my copy of RASL came in at the bookstore today ! I got the pocketbook so it has issues 1-7 in it ! Sadly he's only up to issue 9 so it will probably be a long time before the second one comes out ( is not complaining because Jeff Smith is awesome ) 
Double date was fun , if rather expensive . The food was AMAZING though and it was a blast actually going out with friends again . 
First dinner of the year was Chinese ! That's a good way to begin 2011 XD 
I connected my coroflot portfolio with my facebook ... you can now see all the art I have posted there more easily^^ It's listed as my ' design portfolio ' on my profile tabs for those interested ! 
Whooo ! Getting some RP commissions off Devart , won't pay much but should be fun ! Also going to be starting on a fun species development project for my regular client . I should really get back to working on his comic too . Doing some work for the animal shelter Renee is helping pull together as well ! Having a lot of work to do like this reminds me of college except it's much more enjoyable and I'm mostly getting paid ! 
this evening was a bust ... our new tablecloth was ruined by melting wax ( stupid candle ) I screwed up carving my pumpkin and had to change the design ( I didn't wanna do a face but that's what I had to do in the end ) AND I cut myself carving the damned thing . * sigh * At least I'll have tasty pumpkin seeds tomorrow 
Today felt like a very busy day but I feel like I got nothing done ... I don't enjoy that feeling , it's wiggly in a bad way . Also my ankle hurts and I don't know why ! 
Man ... piping is pretty but takes freaking forever ! Like seriously , where are my magical hamster helpers when I need them ? 
I can see a rainbow from the couch ! Pretty ( even though the sky is an icky gray ) 
Today is National Coming Out Day . I'm showing my support for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/ ... ccf3lx . 
Had a dream about dancing last night and now want to draw a ballroom dancing scene ... I think that should be rather difficult but good practice 
Haha Colonel Silver , you're a butt and I totally kicked your ass * note : has started playing Dragonball Origins 2 and is enjoying it 
Been feeling cruddy the past few days ... think it's all the nasty weather , hoping tomorrow will be a little nicer 
Been baking cookies like mad ! Today Andy frosted the gingerbread and I made chocolate crinkle cookies ! One more batch of gingerbread to make , a batch of lemon cream cheese cookies , and some candycane cookies ! SO MANY COOKIES O.o 
Sometimes I really hate drawing perspective .... 
Urg ... so rainy again today > < Oh well , new Adventure time tonight as well as the new season of Top Gear ... guess that makes up for it 
Just placed my order for my sweet nanowrimo winner's shirt XD I am excited for this . It is cool times here . Now I'm off to make some cookie dough to start all my christmas cookie gifts ! 
It is 2am here and I am officially at 12,320 words . That's about 15 and a half pages . That's a lot of words and pages ! I sort of worry that the story is going rather slowly but at the same time we're only 15 pages in and we've already got almost all the build up plot for the big stuff that comes later out of the way so maybe not . I'm 3,835 words ahead of schedule <33 
Totally have the new Prof Layton game thanks to my delightful fiance <33 Very much happy ( now if I only had time to play it ! Haha ) 
Drawing kitties ! 
over worked my hand again , cursed detail work how I love and simultaneously hate thee . Oh well , I guess it'll be nothing but sketches tomorrow for me > < 
Arg , I should do work but all I want to do is listen to Neil Gaiman read me things .... 
Like this status and I'll tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned from lookingat your wall for 13 seconds , 2 ) The color you remind me of , 3 ) My firstmemory of you , 4 ) The animal you remind me of , 5 ) Ask something I'vealways wondered about you , 6 ) My favorite thing about you , and 7 ) ...... Challenge you to repost this . 
Needs something warm and savory to eat to battle this dreary day ... so much RAIN > < At least the new glasses came in^^ 
So , our new couch ? Yeah , it's awesome . 
URG I waited too long to do these halloween cards ... shipping ( if I want them to get there on time ) is way more then I can afford , not sure what to do . Will continue to hunt for options tomorrow ;_; 
HAHA A bunch of web-comic folks put out a independently published book the other day called ' Machine of Death ' and it had the fortune of coming out on the same day as Glenn Beck's new book and you know what ... THEY BEAT HIM they were in the number one spot on Amazon for the WHOLE DAY and he was ticked off about it too XD Good one guys !! 
As I've been writing a picture has formed slowly in my mind . I have tried to resist it , to save it for later , but alas it has taken over and urges me to get it out , to finish it . Thus ... I draw tonight , rather then write ... at least for the time being 
I baked 8 dozen cookies today . And that was all from one batch of dough . That's a lot of gingerbread .... now I have to decorate them ( perhaps tomorrow ) 
Verdict on American Top Gear ? BORING . Also , why is it on History channel ? 
I've made at least one person ( besides myself ) happy through my Nano novel . It has been a worthwhile experience . <33 
left over curry and rice + apple juice = midnight snack of champions ....? 
My knees have been sore lately ;_; I think it's from the weight of my computer and lap desk combined with the way I sit on the couch . When I lay on the couch I'm okay though 
I don't know why , but I love the Tyrano Castle theme from Chrono Trigger . It's one of my favorite songs from that game . 
13,988 words . Not bad , not bad . According to the site if I keep this up I should have 50,000 by the 18th , that would be nutty . But now I will try and work on things I actually get paid for some more , I want to get as much done as I can so I have more free time for writing ( and drawing ) 
Haha I am totally using the names of super minor greek demigods as the names of spells . I'm such a nerd 
Made it to 9,194 tonight ... tempted to try and break 10,000 but it's already about 3 am ... I guess I can do it in the morning/afternoon and meet my goal of 10,000 on day 4 instead of 5^^ I'm 2,526 words ahead of schedule <33 I'm not sure how I managed to do that AND get to 30 drawings for my UK client ( I've got 100 done , 100 to go ) AND bake a cake all in one day BUT I'm hoping I'll keep it up 
Bill the Lab Guy's action catch phrase ... " There's nothing I can do . " 
I just made the most delicious gingerbread cookies ... they are so freaking good and SPICEY <33 
30,504 . Not terrible . Broke 30,000 before the end of day 13 , I'd say that is fairly good . Andy isn't far behind me though ! 
It's only Wed and I already have six images for this Friday's art blog post . It's nice to have proper stuff to share again . 
Taking a break from noveling to start dinner ! Currently at 22,119 words . So far my favorite character to write for is Kennin , the main female's guardian . He's come out so whiny , haha . Also , my new profile pic is super amazing , look at it and be awed . 
Kinda not liking the whole status not being at the top of one's page on the new profile ... it's obnoxious . I'd like to see it right under my name and right above all the little tidbit info 
There is some crazy dog or cat upstairs and it keeps dashing all over their living-room ... it's ridiculously loud and at 2:30 in the morning quite annoying . I hope it won't be doing this while Andy's mom is here because I'd hate for it to keep her up at night 
29 , 692 , so close to 30,000 ! I will break it tomorrow , no prob ! But now I must contemplate the next happenings and also maybe draw 
' Why'd you do that to me Lucy ? You hurt my beautiful , precious leg and you damaged my beautiful chair . ' 
The keyboard and trackpad on my macbook keep screwing up and not responding . They work once I shut down and restart but it's sort of ... well ... obnoxious . I think it's Openoffice or maybe X11 ( which is required to run openoffice ) doing it . I've been having a lot of issues with my compy lately ( it doesn't always charge anymore and now this ) and I can't afford a new one ! 
ho hum ... I'm at 41,586 words and , though I know what I want to happen next ( OMG GUYS a character totally is about to die ) I'm struggling to work out the exact how that the guy doing the killing does it . Well , I mean , I know HOW I just don't the finer points of the procedure . 
Broke 35000 today ( 35,069 /46 pages to be exact ) and have completely changed some of the relationships between a few of the characters . I won't go back and fix everything that needs fixed now but I'm going to have a lot of work to get that done after I'm finished with the draft . Le sigh ... the way I'm doing it now works so much better in the long run but it's so much extra work , haha 
Busy busy busy , I baked a cake today ( pumpkin ! ) made some cream cheese frosting for it , made pumpkin juice , and cut out some cute fondant decorations for the cake , thus staining my hands purple and green ( because I colored the fondant obviously ) ... now I have to do some actual work and I don't wanna XD 
Happy Feasting Day everyone ! I've got me some crazy cooking to do today XD 
I wanted to know how many more images ( rather then clips ) I needed to draw and when I counted them up they came to 42 . Haha . 42 is the best answer . 
Internet seems to have returned sadly mail.com, where my default personal email is seems to be down and has been since the brief time I was on hours ago . If , for any reason someone needs to get a hold of me message me here instead^^ 
Watching the old campy 60's Batman ... Robin's strangely feminine legs make me uncomfortable 
Urg , I hate when I have stuff to work on that I want to work on but at the same time don't feel like working on ... if that makes sense . Perhaps some tea will help , or maybe cocoa 
2031 words down so far ... only 47,969 to go ! 
20,968 words . Not bad , got almost 3,000 words out tonight . Lets see if I can hit 30,000 before the 15th ! Also , I've been super tired the past few days . I wonder if I'm trying to do too much ... 
So , when I said I was done with my UK client's project ? Well I guess I lied , they have a few things that they want adjusted ( but are paying me as if I was making fully new images ) , some extra achievements ( EASY ) , and an icon ( also EASY ) . I will do these tomorrow , I shouldn't have any problem getting them all done in one day . Today though , I continue to rest 
Our internet has been down all day .... I have my doubts it's going to last more then 5 minutes so ... yeah . Lame . 
man , so I hit 43,609 tonight ( only 6,391 to go ! ) and things have taken a strange twist that I never planned but that I think really works and should be pretty unexpected when read ... you know , after it's been edited so it all actually goes together properly .... My story has a sorta sad-ish ending 
Writing out a comprehensive timeline of certain events that are going to be happening in the comic story .... it's fun and slightly challenging to try and figure out how everything fits together 
Banana + peanut butter + marshmallows + chocolate sauce = YES 
Did I mention that I got The Art of Bone today ?? It was one of my Christmas gifts from Andy's papa and I loves it ( as I love all my awesome gifts this year ! ) It's sooo beautiful and has such awesome information in it ! I can't believe that I lived in the same city as that man for 4 years ( or that he attended CCAD for a short time ! ) 
Went grocery shopping today and the store was more packed then I've ever seen it ! Is there something going on that I don't know about ? 
WHAT !? PAJAMA JEANS ?? Seriously ... watching a commercial for ' jeans ' that are made of some weird soft fabric instead of denim .... I don't know how to feel about this . 
Okay ... okay ... I have everything DONE for the iPhone game ( pending any adjustments that might need done ) * breathes sigh of relief * Tomorrow I am doing no work at all , just stuff for me and lounging . Tuesday I will get back to work on freelance stuff . 
I think my tummy is a bit upset because of STRESS ... this was a very hectic month , I look forward to relaxing a bit and just chilling . Maybe I'll read a bit^^ 
Cookie tins sent ! Watercolor paintings sent ! All that's left is to finish Andy's Christmas gift ! 
A day of rest has been enjoyable ! Read all of ' The Wee Free Men ' by Terry Pratchett , watched Krillin get blown up , Goku go super saiyan , ate some pizza and got a bunch of ref of people kissing because I don't know how to draw that and I have a cute idea for a picture . I like relaxing , I should do it more often 
Tell me what you're thankful for ! I'm thankful for all the normal stuff , good friends , family , my sweet love , a cozy home to live in , and delicious food to eat ! However , I'm also thankful for stupid stuff like DBZ Kai , the 25th anniversary of Super Mario Brothers , that next month I'll have time to play video games again , and for the pie that's in the fridge^^ 
It's weird getting up around 8ish every day now .. It's not even 11 yet and I feel like it should be at least 1 or 2 
HAHA I just had someone tell me that my character Bluu looks a lot like me .... DUH ! Hahahahha , I'd have sworn I'm mentioned tons of times that the pirate characters of mostly based off my friends and I XD 
My UK project money just went through today ! WHOO I can finally pay off that last hospital bill !! No more medical debt for me !! And I have almost $300 left over in my account ! It ... it's sad that $300 is a lot to me , isn't it ? 
A package for Andy was delivered to the condo next door and the people that lived there were nice enough to bring it to our door ! What awesome folks !! 
I know I should start doing some art , I've got projects to work on/finish ... it's just so hard to get started when I also have video games I want to play XD 
bought a small notebook today to keep tabs on info for my freelance jobs and I've already gotten four pages filled up ! I've still got project info to add too ^^ ; Busy busy busy 
so I like to find new web comics to read every now and again , today I found one called ' calamities of nature ' which I don't find particularly funny , insightful , or even all that well drawn . However , going through some of the strips and reading the comments people have left on them , I've realized that it is a flocking point for the pretentious and egotistical . 
The weather is making me feel really nostalgic for Columbus ... I wanna to go to Jeni's icecream shop , or walk past the lions with the lions on it , and the lions in it , ride the bus past Mount Doom and all of that fun stuff .... 
The track lights in our livingroom have finally been replaced thanks to Andy's Papa ! The room is like ... three times brighter now , it's almost weird XD 
OMG sweet bologna sandwich how I love to eat you on your tasty potato bread with a creamy slice of cheese . 
It is always a relief to get the work I want to do done ... only one or two more days worth of iPhone game stuff to do and I'll be completely done^^ I can't wait to buy a new battery for my computer with the money ! 
That's right , I'm not afraid to say it , I loves you guys ! Happy V-day ! 
It's the middle of January and it feels like spring here ... I wish I could teleport all my friends and family here so they could be warm with me ;_; 
Coming up with names for character's family members ... quite the list ! 
How is it only MONDAY ? Freaking feels like five days have passed since I got up , haha > < 
ARG my front bike tire is FLAT and our bike pump sucks > < 
Fentimans traditional curiosity cola is pretty darn tasty 
Finally got ant traps for the bathroom ... still don't know why there are ants in the bathroom though 
I seriously need to remember to repair the disk permissions on my mac more often ... poor thing was running like crap for the better part of today until I checked the disk structure and ran the disk permissions repair . 
No blog post today folks , having some technical difficulties with the computer and I don't trust it to stay on while I work . Will have a special double post next week ! 
Just got done watching season 4 of IT Crowd ... man that show is awesome 
What the crap nicktoons ? You're not playing the correct episode of DBZ . I am deeply offended by this ... I wanted to see some android fighting . 
Alright guys ... I'm making it my personal goal to get myself a nicely organized work space . It'll help out my work , it'll keep the clutter down in the living room , and I've always wanted to have a focused place to work^^ Now , lets see if I can do it XD 
Andy bought me some shelves today and I picked up three ' on clearance ' tumblers ( one for pencils , one for inking pens , one for painting water ) and the re-organization of the bedroom has begun . Still a lot to do but I've got a decent start . 
Hey guys , I might actually be making a visual novel some time in the future . I was contacted today by a guy who makes them ( his stuff has even been in the Tokyo Game Show ) wanting to know if I'd be interested . Pretty cool opportunity ! 
My thoughts are with you Japan , hoping everyone is safe and will stay safe 
Have I mentioned recently how much I love Watership Down ? I could re-read that book forever 
All right ! I just got all the info I need to start work on the Visual Novel ! I'm super excited to do this , it will be a decent amount of work but I think I'll be able to get through it pretty quickly . I hope it becomes super popular and makes lots of money XD 
Been under the weather all weekend , as is my luck . It's given me a lot of time to read though and I'm quite enjoying the collection of Sherlock Holmes stories that we own . We've the entire collection and I've just finished the 8th story , The Man With the Twisted Lip , and am now reading The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle . Quite enjoyable 
Urg , can't seem to relax ... don't know why I've been so anxious lately , it's a terrible feeling 
Totally just realized I never mentioned that we watched ' Secret of Kells ' the other night . Seriously guys , WATCH IT it was absolutely gorgeous and it's a hand drawn animation too ! The music and animation was both fantastic so go find and watch it guys 
should be working but is having a hard time concentraiting this morning > < I thought a good breakfast was supposed to help with that ! The breakfast industry LIES ;_; 
Why I can't give blood : just cut my finger ( sort of badly ) and nearly fainted . Stupid shock ... 
Oh Breath of Fire , your overworld map is kinda useless to me when searching for things > < 
Just letting everyone know that 1 ) my computer is out of commission for the time being ( on Andy's to post this ) and 2 ) the artblog post that was supposed to go up Friday IS now up so check it out ! 
needs to stop overworking her hands ..... the tendon connected to my middle finger is kinda sore > < There's just so much to do 
My new computer should be here tomorrow .... how lucky am I to have awesome family-to-be that could buy me something so great ? VERY lucky is the answer . 
Oh new computer , you are so beautiful <33 
I should get to work ... it's hard getting back into the swing of things when you've been idle for so very long 
Shak ! Shack ! is such a good restaurant ... just had their Island Curry Chicken and it's so good ... I'm sooo full now <33 
Was looking at reviews of the past games I've done art for ... one review was simply this ' Alfie is pretty hot ' with 3 stars . Gotta say , it cracked me up 
I HATE YOU PHOTOSHOP . Why the hell doesn't photoshop have a FILE RECOVERY OPTION ? I just lost a really awesome image because it QUIT FOR NO REASON right as I was about to save . I am so beyond angry right now and the fact that our air conditioner is busted and I'm dying from the heat isn't helping . 
So all my married friends ... do you guys still wear your engagement rings alongside your wedding rings ? I was never planning on it , I didn't even realize that was the ' norm . ' My engagement ring is lovely but it's also rather large and I know two rings on that finger will be too much for me , but my mom seems to think it's strange that I won't be wearing both . Do you guys think it really matters ? 
Happy days with no Richie are weird ... I don't remember any of these episodes and there are characters I just don't know 
Took a walk to the park and back , about a two miles or so , and man that made the shower I took when I got back about 10x better 
Just read an article about the connection between leprosy and armadillos and one line really stood out to me " Leprosy can't be spread through casual contact such as handshaking , or sexual intercourse . " 
New Voltron series coming to nick toons in June ... will it be good ? I hope . We've had a bunch of reboots recently . The new G . I . Joe ( pretty good ) , the new My Little Pony ( also pretty awesome ) the multitude of new Transformers ( don't care for any of them ) , a new Thundercats in the works ( the animation looks beautiful for it ) and now this . Too bad Thundercats and Voltron won't be on the Hub 
Royally ticked off right now . Just found out that no , they don't bother making wedding rings in half sizes so my tiny 5.5 ring finger means I can't actually get ANY of the rings I liked . I'm pretty much limited to a getting boring , traditional ring that I don't want . 
Making some ginger tea and sketching a bit , good way to relax 
urg so tired for no reason ;_; So hard to concentrate on anything right now ... I think I'm gonna make some tea 
Oh David Tennant , you do have the most charming Scottish accent 
As of today the art for the Visual Novel I've been working on is all done ! I don't know how long it'll take for the whole thing to be put together but I'll be linking to it like MAD when it comes out ! 
It's 1:30 am and what am I doing ? Watching the Angry Video Game Nerd play a bunch of AWFUL games ... this is a good way to spend time . 
URG throat why do you HURT ? 
Being both sick and alone is kinda crappy ... I think today will be a movie day on the couch 
This weekend has gone so slowly ... it feels like ten days should have passed but it's only sunday night ... well , technically monday morning but still ... ;_; 
Laundry , how I hate folding you ... but how I love the smell of fresh , clean clothes 
I'd forgotten how awesome the music in Escaflowne is ... I love this series 
OMG MUFFINS . I made chocolate chip cherry muffins ... so good . SO GOOD . 
Firefox 4 ... I kinda totally hate how you do tabs 
Doogie Howser , you are not a very good show ..... 
Watching Howl's Moving Castle <33 It's not my favorite Ghibli movie and I definitely like the original book quite a lot more ( it makes more sense then the movie ) but it's still a beautiful film 
There is a house on fire behind my parent's place ... really close buy too ... I haven't had word back yet from my mom about if everything is okay ( I called her and she's calling my dad ) but I'll post more when I know .... I really hope it doesn't spread to their home ... if it does I don't know what they'd do 
