Today's Joke : We are nothing more than by-products of society . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Society forces us to conform with its norms . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Without further ado , let me be . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : There's no coincidence , only the illusion of it . WAKAKAKAKAKAKA !! 
Today's Joke : Doing what I do best : L I E . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Being a sloth is endearing in a way . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Verifying idiosyncratic life . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Never before one woman admits she did what she did because she's done what needs be done without being done . Confused ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!! 
Today's Joke : Education is another word for brainwash . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !! 
Today's Joke : Lie , cheat , and steal anything to survive . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Witness the new low of mankind , TERRORISM . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Revere to the war inside your head . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Considering the sex appeals ... and still , I'm blind . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!! 
Today's Joke : Wandering among the thoughts , nowhere has been seen the wise . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today " s Joke : I see what people often miss although it's not for them to see , or is it just me ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : What is the use of studying if we couldn't apply it ? 
Today's Joke : Gramatical errors in english is plain fucking stupid !! WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!!! 
Today's Joke : Doing a thing with such zeal will never yield good results . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Considering the holy scripture , I've come to think where's the so-called holiness ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Prohibition or inhibition ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : They say home is where the heart is . I say : " Fuck those people !!!. Heart is in your body , nowhere else !!! " WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!!! 
Today's Joke : Reason is not automatic . Those who deny it can not be conquered by it . ( Ayn Rand ) WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!! 
Today's Joke : Does welcoming the uninvited equals open-heartedness ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Without me , there will be no you . Vice Versa . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Let us gather and flame all the meat to be bitten . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!! 
Today's Joke : Will is fabricated through the so-called society . Wakakakakakakakaka !!! 
Today's Joke : Distinctive difference between limerick , riddle , and conundrum . Analyze ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!! 
Today's Joke : Where's God in all of this ? God ? God has left the building . ( Taken from Supernatural Season 4 ) WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Find me somebody to love then I'll find somebody to leave . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!!! 
Today's Joke : Intermediate logic boasts unfathomable results . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Sing what your soul screams . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Whereas to and fro commence , I stand still here and now . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Thought : Deus sive natura ( Spinoza ) 
Today's Joke : When we're dettached , can we reattached ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : When gravity configures the universe , God is nothing more than a clock-maker . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Shrewd observation yields blundering conclusion . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!! 
Today's Joke : What will become of a student who study ? Leave it and start playing !! WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Adventuring the known while houseless is much more better than living with a house . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Blasphemy ? Heresy ? Don't they sound too biblical ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Here in my head whereas others outside me . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!! 
Today's Joke : Differing thoughts won't deter mine , vice versa I suppose . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : Cognitive reasonings's held up by a word stuck . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!!!!! 
Today's Joke : Can anyone finds in me the answers to the test that stumped them all ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Joke : Slumbering sloth vows whilst decadence seeps unbeknown . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Today's Joke : My will has turned into a raging spirit . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
Today's Thought : Here I am , standing alone on the zenith of my mind . Wandering , pondering , whispering . Where had I went so far gone ? 
Language does not abide to the imperatives of geometry , doesn't it ? 
Today's Joke : Lo , and behold ! Death swarms slowly upon . Gazing up unto those who buried in cloaks of sand . Rekindle life with puny candles and weak lightbulbs . Hitherto , albeit grand , we shall . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!!!!!! 
Today's .... : Ah what musings of becoming disintegrated . Shrewd consideration of it is although no splendor will come to emergence . 
Wether it was a repercussion of a repressed moments , it is what it must be when it reveals itself as an enlightment 
Sown with hope , threaded by fear . Within this enigmatic , yet ubiquitous self , I embark into a realm of the unknown . Glimmering with past events which reconciling each other also in the same time , conversing into a contradictory hap of mischievous intent . 
There was a time , now there are times . There was a man , now there are crowds . Which one will we try to walk upon ? Times with a man , or a time with crowds . Neither will be a satisfactory choice . 
Weaving tales of wisdom without any concern regarding those who condems reason . Futility will grow wealthy among those who curse rationality . Be that as it may , no man can do without a little idiocy called faith . 
Upon completion of one chapter in my journey , I realize there is no such thing as closure . Only an illusion of it . Disillusionment is what I am learning . Nevertheless , I am stranded , marooned within a paradoxical alter-reality which substitutes a living world where I dwell in despairing hope . Stating my case is a gamble which I offer to the disheveled Fate . 
Ordeals have been wrought to mind within this puny mental of the so-called life . However , overcoming such will enthuse the way which myself has walked upon since birth . 
Today's Joke : Boundaries of existence on a verge of disintegration . Hailing and wailing for a counseling . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!! 
Hufft , living within a trapdoor . Never knowing when it might be a useful contraption . Well , keeping my choice to opt in alternate varieties . 
Today's Joke : Everytime there is a cycle which is completed , there will be celebration of something which I find mundane . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
Ascending toward the dusk , reading epitaph of the scorching dawn . Only to be met by swift stroke of one drop of dew . 
Unbecoming of one yet two takes place for three to tango . Wherever four is a crowd there will be five to be merry . Alas , six comes along to wilt seven toward deaths of eight before nine makes it complete as a cycle of zero . 
Today's Joke : It's an earthquake , ordinary earthquake . Not some heavenly wrath . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!! 
This which erupted within shell has given way a fortress to emerge . Fortress which repels none . Albeit not being able to fend off any , whatsoever come in its vicinity will be propelled inside , then without guile , will be thrown toward labyrinths of the endless . There , one will be tested to withstand the tides of time . 
Who I have become ? What have I become ? Enigmatic conundrums rose in the name of piety as if virtuous . I would rather be a con artist than a vigilant villain masquerading as vindictive vox populi . Within a con , revelations will follow on . With con , rules are certainty which bind everyone in , spiralling to the point of anarchy . Without authority there will be an " I " . Nihilist . 
Today's Joke : Cursed be those who judges , blessed be those who condemns . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!!! 
Today's Joke : Seek the affectionate love , only then you will get malicious one . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!! 
Taken for granted . What the hell is that ? Taken is the past participle of take whereas it requires effort to attain something . Grant requires permission from the one involved . So if one has the permission to give effort in order to attain something , why would everyone frown upon such thing as taken for granted ? Or am I mistaken ? Please do explain . 
Late midnight , raindrops keep pouring . Playing harmonious tune which no orchestra can ever achieve . Dancing with the fume of land , bringing Zen sense into percussions ' play . Tithering within , an old memoir of a decadent past . The spectre haunts my mind with bittersweet tone . Jakarta , I was falling for you , turning me into obsessive-minded man . 
To and fro , rain springs from one hint to another . Clueless as I am , will one knows what is it I have sought for ? Longed for ? No longer 142 km apart , lines of ocean's sand divided . Which was I dreaming , mad or deranged ? Divulge into me a revelation or two , how can you make me reminisce one particular person with every single drop you spat ? What have you condemned me into oh fractured rain ? 
Greatness in all its glory never reveals its nature in pure sight for plain eyes to please one's heart without any virtuous deeds 
Keen to stand on the edge of a six-feet-under magical box . 
Today's Joke : Is death what people tinker around these days ? Why don't they start tinkering with life ? WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!!!!! 
Being an author is a gruesome journey to be a society's marksman . However , the path gives experimental knowledge regarding cynicism , scepticism , criticism , and thousands of other -isms . Which one will be the most rewarding ? I think never is the only corrigible choice . 
Damnation awaits thy corrupted minds of perverted logic . Offsprings from such will never bode freedom into this decaying society . 
Dismantling every values which comes within norms , I have become a blank slate . Thus I will commence a seriation of beliefs in order to fill in the blank with my very own personal standards . I will become . Without hesitation , only will in my mind to overcome this so-called threshold of human . 
Vicious intents are the best side dish for vengeance which is a dish best served cold . Or , is it the other way around ? 
Today's Joke : Dismembering , mutilating , annihilating flawless spirit within so-called holiday . WAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA !!! 
It is time for me to get some restless slumber . May this mental capacity evolves within such act . 
My will to reply personally was not fulfilled . It is not because of the numbers which are great , but it is a matter about " what " I should say . However , no words can ever describe the gratitude I feel toward all of you . All I can say is : I am grateful . For those who don't get my personal reply , I am very sorry . Nevertheless , I appreciate every words you all have said to me . Best wishes to all of you , my dear friends . 
Here I weep , in the crack of dawn . Mourning for fools who let their path ruined by countless voices . Including their own . 
Spending hours by the minutes of every seconds in daily basis of monthly annual living . When is the proposition with a tact as tactless as a conjecture . Consideration of time as a key factor for welfare has made the most brilliant of minds corroded with deductive consequences from a deterministic framework paradigm . 
" Motivation is bullshit . If you ask me , this country could use a lil ' less motivation . The people who are motivated are the ones who're causing all the trouble !!! Stock swindlers , serial killers , child molesters , christian conservatives !!!???? These people are highly MOTIVATED !!!! HIGHLY MOTIVATED !!!!! " - George Carlin 
I have become addicted . This void within gave me more than just mere clarity . It gives me a thirst which can't be quenched . Hunger for more even though I received inhumane vision . I have become tempted again and again to give what must not be given and received what must not exist in human . Seductions from succubus has never been so frantic before . Driven by death in mind , body , and soul . 
I grief until it leaves me breathless . And my wrath shot my eye blood-red . 
Sartre said : " Humans are condemned to be free " 
Yet all I see , they are condemning themselves in order not to be free . 
And so , my presence unnerves those with uncertain thoughts . Obliterating beliefs which based on faulty logic , none can withstand my companionship . Devoid of compassion , striding with such facility in slaughtering useless associates . What a duty as an oathkeeper . 
Having a cigarette lit and smoking it endlessly . Pondering the question . One simple question . Where the hell am I ? 
Journeying through the abyss , taxing mileage . Seeking an object which has been longed for . Splendor come from candid acts . Clarity from the pure resulted from both . Hence , hope is where I dwell upon . 
Out of reach , yet too close to miss . Illumination thrives through black depths . Darkness enforce twinkling light . Who's guiding whom ? The star or the abyss ? 
Bounded and restricted , do rules imply . Commended and respected , for those who comply . Revolted and rebeled , are my reply . 
Elusive mind , meticulous method . Guile and coy cut through . Mundane is those things are . No challenge whatsoever from them . Arousal has become scarce . 
Just starting to do the take-home-test in a hurry and bearing in mind that the deadline is in 7 hours ( more than enough , I suppose ) . I have to say though , I'm having the time of my life from about 6 hours earlier . Doesn't even thinking about the mid-term exams ( yes , plural ) . Can't wait for another time like that one . 
I just remember that I have mid-term exam coming up in about 3 hours . Yet here I am , just finished reading a book with no connection to what they called Rorschach test . I haven't even get some sleep . Hehehe , and now , I'm writing a take-home-test without any guidance from a textbook . Also , 8 hours earlier , just finished singing then went to the new Q at Sukakarya for a bottle of cold beer . 
Star , shine like you never shine before . Illuminating radiant bliss upon the night , rekindling life unto the hollowed . Let the sky run wild with a star engraved . Within abyss , you have sprung the life . 
One page , over a hundred words come to life . Words with the enunciation of the truth will always sustain their meanings . No matter how weak the whisper is , words with truth will be heard . 
Heaving burden unto thy will . Albeit purity reigns , restless do begin . Malice was , to and fro . Malevolent hitherto rules supreme . 
When democracy derives from demos and kratos where the earlier means people and the latter means power , I ask this : " Do power tends to corrupt people ? " If yes is the answer , no wonder everyone who lives in democracy is corrupt . 
Witnessing dawn , awaiting sunrise . Staring day , struggling through . Sighting dusk , reflecting sunset . 
Seasons thread another four . Rebirth do spring will bore . Incantation sprung from lore . No path was ever before . 
Rekindling self-doubts give boundless torment . Yet when proven otherwise , this sense of elation is far more better than life itself . Why ? Because it transcends life . 
Give way toward unwilling force . Give in to inner drive . Give up any reasoned mind . Thus , releasing an unleashed , unrestrained , uninhibited existence . Only to be condemned into another torments . 
Dwindling in modesty , dwelling for decency . Do they even existed ? Feigning perseverence , plotting ignorance . Why those persisted ? 
When limping caught up with a toe , it is a timely manner to woe . Barrages of threshold seek havoc , now is what keen to be awoke . 
Falling and tumbling do my heightened senses . Heaving fate unburdened by moment . Etched deep with fulfillments are my mind . Please , let my body run well . 
Astaga , rencana baca bahan subuh-subuh . Tapi apa daya , udah bawaan orok males ampe sekarang blum baca juga . Hahahahaha , ngopi dulu aja ah . Urusan bahan belakangan . 
And so , all began at a vista . Creaking and tweaking raptured flesh . Whose entity entices I entirely . One should inhale the two which took place . Namely , monumental . 
Here I glided among the sky . Empowered with burdens and torments . Those two gave me wings to soar and scrape through boundless height . My dear harness , Reason , know that I will always have you within . 
Humming and dreaming on my deathbed . Cursing and mocking this disease . Sooner than never , it evolves into a plague . Spreading pandemonium , wreaking havoc . An epidemic entails . 
Up on the boundless sea of stars . Relentless wish wore a start . Be my witness o , sky and earth . Reach to me , kiss of death . 
All I possess are nothing more than piles of shattered glass . Illuminates hundreds of rays , weak nonetheless . Massive in form , fragile in strength . A sight for sore eyes , none will ever handle with care . 
Overwhelmed by guilt . Anguish heart unleashed rampaging despair . Spectres of my past began to haunt my mind . Only truth will set me free from this torture . At the very least , relieve some burden of mine . What a self-centered man I am . 
These variety of mixed confusions are amusing . Amused was I with what I have . Have you heard what I've been told ? Told are the tales of ancient lore . Lore which bore the body with a gap . Gap so far between thought and reality . Reality , nonetheless , gives ambiguos divination . 
This night , angst is naught . Tonight , will is taught . The night , driven is wrought . 
A star is shimmering on earth . Upon its vicinity , lost path is found . Reassembling the broken pieces within . Life has found its place once again . Freedom from the shattered fortress . 
Break of dawn , crack of dusk . Alas , one shall be none . For dust make rust , hush now dear child . 
Through nature's guise , life explains . Through darkness ' hold , life rejuvenates . Through despair's tale , life amends . Through quantum's leap , life fulfills . 
One year seems to leave with a puff . One month seems to pass with a sigh . One day seems to lost with a laugh . One second seems to linger with a whim . 
Heavenly sky , bind my demonic will . Hellish earth , unleash my seraphim mind . Seven seas , guide my eyes to the just mountain's peak . Of all wind , swirl upon one to give the unrelenting help . 
What I opt is bottomless torment . Who I chose is out of my reach . Why I've done those , are necessity . Where I go is oblivion . How I live is all which justified . 
Foretold was I by the ingenious mind . Venomous scent led my sight go blind . Let it be seeping into mind . Constrictions hold me far behind . 
Yesterday , I tried snake blood and its gall . Tastes good . Now I'm thinking what should I try next ? Any idea ? 
Puffing those smoky eyes , gulping these hallowed liquid . Both are the imprisonment of self . Do we dare to break out ? Or will we succumb to its leisures ? 
The time has come to me . To wallow and dwell in sorrow . Never have angst placed itself this deep . Worry not , I will not succumb to its bittersweet offerings . Angst and sorrow will augment me with greater meanings . 
Hoax of treason shall mark the traitorous one with unforgivable hex . 
We are all students , still learning everyday how to be human . - Anna Quindlen 
Will the stars know how I wailed ? Will the stars see my scars ? Will the stars forgive the demon inside me ? All questions shall be constrainted by the moon . 
Slithering within is a serpent . Wise beyond age , sly above genius . Is the serpent a beast or a demi god ? Twisting sane insanity and binding insane sanity . Distorted , disturbed , disfigured , decapitated . 
" Before the leaves have fallen 
Before we lock the doors 
There must be the third and 
last dance 
This one will last forever 
Metropolis watches and 
thoughtfully smiles 
She’s taken you to your home " 

Dream Theater - Metropolis , Pt . 1 : The Miracle And The Sleeper 
Seorang 
cendekiawan berkata : " Jangan terlalu cepat mengaitkan segalanya dengan 
Tuhan . " 
Aku berpikir : " Tepat , karena hal itu merendahkan kekuatan manusia 
sendiri . " 
What good does philosophy have , if one can not put anything in motion ? What greatness does philosophy have , if one can not love ? 
As heavy as it is , the forbidden must be done . Nihilism seared into existence . Whilst emotion has been taken , nature gave what was asked . Prone to self-demise is at the front door . Farewell . 
Facing a gate to the ancient relic . Peeking through the gap to get a glimpse of its shine . Will I get bewitched and turn the knob ? Or will I get disinterested and bar the gate ? 
Too many things to be written in words . No exact word can represent this manifestation of self . Within this sufferings , this anxiety . No man can even begin to comprehend what I undertook . What a foolish , pitiful , disdainful choice . In all of this , I find solace . 
I'll take seven lives for one 
And then my only father's son 
As sure as I ever did love him 
I am not afraid 
Pull Me Under - Dream Theater 
It is I who live obliviously . It is abyss which gave me life . The night gave me soul . No coherence shall be found inward . Bound to deceit and conceit . Jeering and mocking those whose ignorance controls them . Let there be a name etched unto thy birth . Phantasm . 
Harnessing which devoutly devouring emotions within self , brings forth true sight . With a gaze upon other , their mind elaborate unto the sight . Those idiots who think they can outwit this , will humiliate themselves in the end . Be warned . 
What am I besides relic from a past which is wished to be forgotten ? What I am is a catalyst for a better one . Who am I if not a fragment from a present which is wished to be passed ? Who I am is a grain of sands in the vast universe . How am I supposed to live in the future when nothing resides within and besides me ? How I am living is only moving towards or against odds . 
Enjoying a glass of frappucino , reading a book about Kierkegaard thoughts accompanied by cigarettes . Seems like an ordinary scene for some , yet others see this as an existential moment . Seeping slowly into mind's consciousness , becoming aware of one's thinking process , realizing things and what-nots . All of this , happens in one simultanious moment . The process of becoming . Sein zum tode . 
Rational problem solving steps : 
1 . Identify problem = Not wanting to study 
2 . Explore solutions = Sleep , Play , Eat , Swim , etc 
3 . Decide which solution = Play -> DOTA !!!!!! 
All that we learn this time , has carried beyond this life - Beyond This Life by Dream Theater 
So 
they say what they never have to say with every intentions of sayings 
things they always wished to say when never has said it before . 
By the power of truth , I while living have conquered the universe ( Vi Veri Veniversum Vivus Vici ) - Faust 
Authenticity will be born out of mind and behavior congruence . However , can it be believed by others ? Can they believe the truth if it's contrary to popular beliefs ? 
Saya membayangkan suatu pendidikan . Pendidikan yang dapat diperoleh dengan layak sebagaimana pendidikan seharusnya diberikan . Bukan karena sistem rekomendasi , maupun politik serta ekonomi . Pendidikan demikian seakan mimpi indah dalam dunia penghayatan pribadi . 
Starting to read theory of the emotions by Jean-Paul Sartré without any sleep beforehand . Hope I won't doze off . Hehehe 
It is not my choice to be born in this life . Nevertheless , I am the one who opt between choices in my life . No other human has any right to dispute what path I journeyed . 
Ignorance is certainly not a bliss , if it is then life is yours to miss . Honesty is not pleasant , if it is then lies and deceit will be oblivious . Such ideals in this banal reality , will it ever be realized ? Superficialities run amok through crowds , slaughtering constant awareness in man . 
Believe nothing what you hear and believe half what you see . 
Hanggi Nagasaputra Joy Yakim Tambun Polin Junius Sianipar Kamis ini kalo ngopi bareng Samson Ganda Juliard Bisa tidak ? Lowong dr jam 17-20 dia . Hahahahaha 
Fearful times are endorsed to those who hesitate . Fabled wishes are granted to those who dream . Flourishing grandeurs are given to those who act . 
Abundance has give itself the presence of aesthetic needs . However , in order to choose between right and wrong ; good and evil need fulfillment , value judgment are imperative . Only then one can be in ethical sense . Nevertheless , does one have what it takes to enforce one's will for mobilizing value judgment into actions ? Nowadays , it has become a scarcity . 
Negligence and ignorance blinded those who see superficial things in life . Wallow in what you feel as entertainment while it last . Chaotic oblivion will ensue your very core of existence . Foretold and forewarned . 
Tiada ada tempat yang memadai untuk merangkum hempasan serpih dan puing pemikiran manusia . Semua hilang tertelan oleh waktu , baik budi maupun akal , tenggelam seiring zaman berjalan . Waktu , mengerikan sekali keberadaanmu . 
Saya bermimpi akan suatu konsep . Konsep yang luhur . Membudidayakan mereka yang menerimanya . Menyejahterakan baik sang pemberi maupun penerima . Sang pemberi mawas diri akan kompetensinya dan penerima sadar diri atas kekurangannya . Apakah konsep itu ? Pendidikan . Patut disayangkan pendidikan sekarang ini lebih mengarah pada paham kapitalisme sehingga hanya memperhitungkan untung rugi finansial . 
Cold breeze swept through the mountain . Bringing solace to those who are yet to come . Ray of light stings between frosty mist . Carrying gold for the wayward son . Thus human awoke from their slumber only to realize they fell once again to a dream of dreamless sleep . Distorted , disfunctional , and disjointed state of thoughts . Lo and behold ! Life is what passes us by when all are caught up in their inattentive focus . 
Withstanding the tests of fate with nothing but faith in self-attained prowess . Those who see this as a folly of pride have never obtain their awareness . So many beings call themselves human , yet only few have reach the heightened awareness . In other words , they who haven't are merely homo sapiens , not yet human . 
Triple beat hums , systemic rhytm sings . Melodious tone screams , aesthetic lyric runs . Salvation from daily activities , music elevates senses . 
Eyes closed , running images . Mind focused , playing scenes . Ears sharpened , hearing shouts . Emotions restrainted , waiting replies . Logic mobilized , creating reasons . Heart opened , longing someone . Please fill my void with thy colour of life . 
Come what may toward the untimely meditated state of consciousness . Slain will be the demented , feeble , and puny beings . No exaggerations will be met with envious gore . Only death awaits . 
" Hope in the face of a human distress " by Dream Theater on Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence - Losing Time/Grand Finale 
In despair for willing to be oneself without any outside help . Was it wrong to do so ? Some might say rest in God's will whereas I will struggle for what I am . They called it arrogance , I named it exercising freedom . 
What I see from Inception is this : Man wakes to find itself falls again into another dream . Remarkable story . Not for the weak minded though . 
Ada yang tau ujian psikologi periklanan jam berapa ? 
Frailty , punity . Why thou danced with such eloquence ? Wary , be wary . Whose owning thee ? ' Tis malevolent ? ' Tis benevolent ? Eternity , serenity . Let there be for what is ever without . 
Mounting arsenals , honing skills . Enraged by those blasphemies in this lucid world . With infernal wrath I will scorch and torture the so-called wisemen until they thank death as their longed-for saviour . 
This night , let mutiny run wild . This dusk , let onslaught began . Thus , power without fear breeds violence . Mutilate every single hopeful eye . Upon a gaze , you shall bend your mind toward despair . Glory to the undignified sins ! For they breaks the imprisonment of psyche . Vices shall rule this apocalyptic men . Long live diabolical entropy ! Welcome catastrophe . 
Listening to Slash's new album . Gotta say , a whole different kind of music is pack within a disc . Great musics . 
Baru nyadar jadwal Usulan Penelitian Lanjutan kelas A jam mulainya ga kira-kira : 23.00 
Liquid Tension Experiment's musics give way to natural flow of one's consciousness . That is if one tries to submerge oneself to its harmonious melodies . 
Whilst breeze from north went southward , east wind began its scowl toward the west . Will it reach three figures of knot ? Or will it be for naught ? How shall seasons be passed with ? Sugar o'er the devil himself . 
Blasted ! This fume leaves me furious . This rage goes berserk . Out of control . Amok . Flame flickers with raging and scorching blaze . Rendering sanity useless . Let there be , entropy ! 
I inhabit the night's darkness . Whilst you dwell the day's sparkle . Creeping and seeping into mine , doubts . 
Tremor of the aftershock . Epitome of the wretched . Zenith of the fallen . Peak of the disdainful . Mankind it is . 
Inside the massive and stressing space , exchanging fragmented memoirs . Beneath the gloomy night where no stars and moon shine , a new path emerges from two small of pieces . From this point , a new beginning occurs . 
Leaves and petals blew away from a precipice . 
A drop of corrupted blood hanged slowly . 
A twinge of bitterness and remorse swallows . 
We are nothing but a death sentence . 
Intoxicating hum from the six strings instrument played by a passionate man , Andy McKee , is not deemed worthy by the world of media . Yet the so-called superstar Gaga , captivated the media . What has the world turn into ? 
Personality can never be described accurately . For it is a person who we are trying to objectify by words . Not to mention the complexity of a person . How can we ever be sure of its truth ? In my humble opinion , this is a sign of cognitive arrogance . 
The Sopranos , a great serial regarding mafia . Hahaha , they even add a shrink in the plot since the get-go . 
" Once I rose above the noise and confusion . Just to get a glimpse beyond this illusion . I was soaring ever higher . But I flew too high . " Kansas - Carry On My Wayward Son 
Another head rolled . Another wound bleed . Another body slaughtered . Now , when shall I start another massacre ? Humming and sharpening my tools . 
Drifting 
through the shade of memories . Here do virulent moments origin . 
Vicious as it may sounds , no other way than confronting those . Banality 
awaits in the end . 
Wishes upon a star , sending all of it up to the sky of dusk . O , night scorched with blazes upon blazes from stars . Why do wishes entangled upon thy body of ray ? Would it be not for hope ? Or should it be for naught ? 
The fire started long ago 
The flames burned out , still embers glow 
So charred and black 
There's nothing left to burn , to burn 
We had the same dream 
Lived life to extreme 
A loaded gun jammed by a rose 
The thorns are knots around your head 
Your ego cursed you till you bled 
You cannot crucify the dead 
To me you're dead , yeah 
Slash feat . Ozzy Osbourne - Crucify The Dead 
If one asks me what is the color of love , then I'll answer black . Why ? Because black overwhelms any other colors . It can gives shading which makes stuff more aesthetic to gaze upon . Black is also the color of the night , and only when at night can one sleep peacefully . But that's just me with my thoughts . 
Might one suggest an advice which won't be adhere to ? Do one implies such as relevant to presented matter ? Should one keep it to oneself ? No . Let it rot within thy flesh . 
Minute after minute , arrival has not shown its presence . Do gods from the island upheld what we call time ? Or do they simply be absent from the continuum ? How ignorant are they ! 
No matter how one tries to exist , existence can only be whole with death in it . Yet at the same time , we cease to exist when death partake . Existential Paradox . 
Gurgling with smeared blood all over the throat . Condescending pair of eyes passing judgment . Menacing stare withholding man . Who , he cried , will save you from slaughtering your kin ? 
Why'd you have to be so cute ? 
It's impossible to ignore you . 
Must you make me laugh so much ? 
It's bad enough we get along so well . 
Say goodnight and go . 
Goodnight and go - Imogen Heap 
Suatu gagasan mencuat dalam benak : " Untuk apa ujian jika hanya memindahkan isi buku ke kertas ujian ? Kenapa ga ngumpulin bukunya aja ? Toh sama kan isinya . " Seperti kata teman-teman : Ujian itu harusnya menggambarkan kemampuan aktual yang diuji . Bukan sekedar daya ingat . 
Faith is a very horrifying thing . Through faith alone , reasons are ignored . By holding faith , millions died . From faith itself , fear is born . Is there any other thing which can bested faith ? 
I am getting tired of patience , for it is not prudent . Some might say with self-righteousness to reconsider things , yet i think it is not wise enough . Where is the sense to be kept at one point without moving to accomplish one's goal(s) ? I say : Damnation !! 
Off to the divine island . Maybe I'll receive a celestial divination . Or even divinity if such existed . At any rate , hoping to seal a deal . 
Valentine day has arrived . In my opinion , a lot of people are going to be heartbroken . Be it because of rejection or loneliness . Nevertheless , the day also gives joy and hopes . Have yourself , a very lovely valentine . 
Prejudices toward others culture will never make one life peaceful . Prideful for being in a culture shall never get one life serene . How can we ever achieve a humane worldview if we continue to act as if we know all about other ? 
Studying psychology does not help one to be more empathic nor smarter . It only makes you more knowledgeable regarding theories . Yet even that improvement does not make one competent enough to apply it in daily lives . Empirically speaking , I know and I observed it long enough to be sure . 
Saya malas untuk maju karena posisi sekarang perlu dibenahi . Saya enggan mundur karena saya sudah lebih . Saya tidak stagnan namun mengantisipasi . 
Ketika tugas mendera .... 
Saat malas mewabah .... 
Kala hujan berkunjung .... 
Waktu tidur dimulai .... 
Back in black 
I hit the sack 
I've been too long I'm glad to be back 
Yes I'm , let loose 
From the noose 
That's kept me hanging about 
I keep looking at the sky 
' Cause it's gettin ' me high 
Forget the herse ' cause I'll never die 
I got nine lives 
Cat's eyes 
Usin ' every one of them and running wild 
AC/DC - Back In Black 
Salah satu cara melepas stress dan agresi adalah dengan membunuh . Berhubung melanggar hukum dan lain-lainnya , maka disublimasikan menjadi Ultra Kill . Saatnya DOTA !!! Huehehehehe 
Writing on someone's background story for the sake of finishing an assignment . I truly wonder , doesn't this violate the meaning of one's story ? I find the assignment degrading one into a heap of alphabets without meaning . This grand-narrative misses the micro-narrative's importance altogether . 
There is no need to graduate as soon as possible if one is not content with the condition one's in . And what will one does after graduation ? Join the faculty of jobless ? Filling up the society with uselessness ? Create some uses for oneself then one may graduate . 
All that I take with me is all you've left behind . 
We're sharing one eternity living into mine . 
Dream Theater - Through My Words 
Talk to me softly 
There is something in your eyes 
Don't hang your head in sorrow 
And please don't cry 
I know how you feel inside I've 
I've been there before 
Somethin is changin ' inside you 
And don't you know 
Guns N ' Roses - Don't Cry 
There was a time whereas now is lost . 
Would it ever be found or be unbound ? 
Just an urchin livin ' under the street 
I'm a hard case that's tough to beat 
I'm your charity case 
So by me somethin ' to eat 
I'll pay you at another time 
Take it to the end of the line 
Rags to riches 
Or so they say 
You gotta 
Keep pushin ' for the fortune and fame 
You know it's , it's all a gamble 
When it's just a game 
You treat it like a capitol crime 
Everybody ' doin ' their time 
Paradise City - Guns N ' Roses 
Coarse gauntlets of mine began to howl upon the heinous world . With brutal mind and savage words do they walk upon the trial by fire . Armed with will , they shall prevail from the infernal land . 
Yonathan Mulyadi Natalia Wiguna S Fung Mirinna Tanti Tan tugas sertifikasi ada yg belum ngumpulin ga ? Laporan dulu sini . Hahahahaha , kalo ada yg penting via private message aja . 
Jakarta ..... 
Senin : Bali ...... 
Tebleng dah ....... 
I'm gonna make you bend and break . 
Say your prayers but let the good times roll . 
In case God doesn't show . 
Thnks Fr Th Mmrs - Fall Out Boys 
Having a seat on the balcony with a searing hot black coffee . Smelling the aroma and sipping it slowly . Then out of a sudden , " DAMN !! I WANT BEERS !!! " Anyone up for a bottle or two ? Let me know . Hahahahaha 
is gaining weight . A LOT . 15 kg , damn ! The price of being happy I guess . 
Searching and waiting for what I long for in life . Is it friendship , family , or love ? None of those . I am still trying to know what I am . Confused is the state I am in , yet I think therefore I can endure . Just like Nietzsche said : " Those who has a why to live can bear with almost any hows " . No need to be afraid for I am still here with all of me without ever knowing what I am truly . 
Sipping a glass of lukewarm chocolate and enjoying a cigarette . Getting ready to dive unto egocentric deity . Hoping I will submerge in illogical wisdom in order to diminish irrationality . After that , emerging with a paradigm like no other . Absurdity . 
Say good night and go .... 
Great song by Imogen Heap 
To those who pursue the pleasure of love : beware . 
Thou are pursuing foolishness . 
Thou are painting sinful pleas . 
Thou wilts unto death . 
Thou will know : pleasure of hating . 
Now , will all still be chasing love or sanity ? 
Envisioning a treacherous path . Step by step , little by little , encroaching upon the light which has been yearned for . 
A nightmare to remember 
I'd never be the same 
What began as laughter 
So soon would turn to pain 
The sky was clear and frigid 
The air was thick and still 
Now I'm not one to soon forget 
And I bet I never will 
Picture for a moment 
The perfect irony 
A flawless new begining 
Eclipsed by tragedy 
Dream Theater - A Nightmare To Remember 
Another head hangs lowly 
Child is slowly taken 
And the violence cause of silence 
Who are we mistaken ? 
But you see , it's not me , it's not my family 
In your head , in your head they are fighting 
With their tanks and their bombs 
And their bombs and their guns 
In your head , in your head , they are crying 
The Cranberries - Zombie 
Natalia Wiguna S Yonathan Mulyadi Tanti Tan Fung Mirinna , gimana nilai sertifikasi kita ? Memuaskankah ? 
Buset !! 2 hero baru DotA 6.70 makin rumit aja ngendaliinnya !!! 
Becoming a cadaver in spite of being rejuvenated by the so-called Christmas spirit . Why don't I feel the morale of this holiday ? For me , it's only another day goes by . Hmm , have I fallen into cynicism ? 
Skipping beats , blushing cheeks . 
Bed scenes in the corner café . 
Goodnight and Go - Imogen Heap 
Lirik yg aneh tapi jujur n terbuka . Ga melulu soal cinta yg picisan bin murahan . Kapan indo bs buat lagu macem ini ? Muak dgn hitlist lagu indo ttg cinta . 
Now sometimes the world tries to slap you 
And it seems to love watching you fall 
I wont lie to you , it's gonna happen 
You got to pick yourself up and move on 
Promise me 
You won't let them put out your fire 
Put out your fire 
Slash feat . Chris Cornell - Promise 
Someone call for the doctor ? Stay cool . Heads will ROLL !! 
To all those people doin ' lines , 
Don't do it , don't do it . 
Inject your soul with liberty , 
It's free , it's free . 
To all the kids with heroin eyes , 
Because it's not not what it seems , 
No no it's not not what it seems . 
Salvation , salvation , salvation is free . 
Salvation , salvation , salvation is free . 
The Cranberries - Salvation 
It's so easy , easy 
When everybody's tryin ' to please me baby 
Yeah it's so easy , easy 
When everybody's tryin ' to please me 
So easy 
But nothin ' seems to please me 
It all fits so right 
When I fade into the night 
See me hit you 
You fall down 
It's So Easy - Guns N ' Roses 
Being and bearing with battle-hardened experiences . Was it a warrior who came out with a flair ? Or just another man with a void in him ? Void which named after an epidemic disease : Loneliness . 
I close my eyes , only for a moment , and the moment's gone 
All my dreams , pass before my eyes , a curiosity 
Dust in the wind , all they are is dust in the wind 
Same old song , just a drop of water in an endless sea 
All we do , crumbles to the ground , though we refuse to see 
Kansas - Dust In The Wind 
Stand your ground even though there are vultures above . Hold your ground even though there are wolves around . Force yourself to the limit and behead all which are trying to wrong you . Kill or be killed . Make your choice . 
Where have I been all this time ? I just finished watching Big Fish . A movie so brilliant , so mirage-like . It doesn't matter what's real or not . It's just is . Joy Yakim Tambun kenapa lu kaga rekomendasiin film ini dari dolo ? Sial . 
And if I could , I would get down in your soul 
And clean up the mess that I made 
Maybe will and grace 
Will replace your faith 
And we can embrace 
You'll never get to know me 
Unless you 
Let me touch your face 
A victim of your Firewall 
The devil’s own 
Destroy your enemies 
I dance into your Firewall 
When you’re done , there'll be nothing left of me 
Steve Vai - Firewall 
I do not give satisfactory description of an answer to question . All I know , every question must be retraced to its origin . The origins , however , is quite a conundrum . In the end , even origin can not be accurately detected . So , why the hell we still bother hoping for an answer from something that can not and will not be detected ? 
Thinking a lot of things , trying to connect the dots . Maybe I am reading too much into the dots . They are , in the end , just a simple dot without any shape . The mind builds the shape . Or am I really seeing the shape ? What the hell is shape anyway ? Dimensional geometry or sorts ? The hell with it . I'm going to smoke and enjoy my coffee . 
I scream , you scream , we all scream for her ... 
Don't even try ' cause you can't ignore her 
She's my cherry pie !!!! 
Cool drink of water such a sweet surprise 
Tastes so good , make a grown man cry 
Sweet cherry pie !!! 
She's my cherry pie !!! 
Put a smile on your face , ten miles wide !! 
Looks so good bring a tear to your eye 
Warrant - Cherry Pie 
Here's hoping all the days ahead 
Won't be as bitter as the ones behind you 
Be an optimist instead 
And somehow happiness will find you 
Forget what happened yesterday 
I know that better things are on the way 
The Kinks - Better Things 
hide and seek 
trains and sewing machines 
all those years 
they were here first 
oily marks appear on walls 
where pleasure moments hung before the takeover , 
the sweeping insensitivity of this still life 
Imogen Heap - Hide And Seek 
Plans , plots , and schemes . Already done anticipating every moves . The line has been drawn . Now , your move . 
Woke up this morning all alone . 
I got ringing in my head . 
I couldn't take it any more . 
Today , she left me here for dead . 
Oh I ..... 
Slash feat . Myles Kennedy - Back From Cali 
It is time to move on from a shooting star . Let it be glittering with its own tail . Without any wishes riding the short life it has . Bon voyage , it has been a pleasure watching you soar and light up my nights . 
P.S. As always , you are mesmerizing . 
Going to ohlala setiabudi with Dionisius Dennis Wong Ada yg mu join ? Silakan langsung datang aja . 
Puffing and huffing . Smoke is all around me . 
Tidur nyenyak itu bisa merokok dengan nikmat sebelum hilang kesadaran kemudian setelah sadar kembali masih dapat merokok dengan nikmat . Hehehehehe 
Just as every cop is a criminal 
And all the sinners saints 
As heads is tails 
Just call me Lucifer 
' Cause I'm in need of some restraint 
So if you meet me 
Have some courtesy 
Have some sympathy , have some taste 
Use all your well-learned politesse 
Or I'll lay your soul to waste , mmm yeah 
The Rolling Stones - Sympathy For The Devil 
Psychedelic , funk , punk , acid , progressive , grunge , and glam . Those are a few specific genres which I discovered in Rock ( I'm not even sure whether Rock is the main genre ) . Why does it have to be so complex differentiating genres of music ? I guess it is because of Identity . No wonder even human wants to be differentiated in every facet , they need a sense of exclusive identity . Not blended unto one common pile . 
Now listening to My Chemical Romance's newest album ; Danger Days : True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys . A lot of punk-style energy will get you pumped . Hehehehe , keep on rockin'!!!!!!!!!! 
Love , gimme love , gimme love , I don't need it 
But I'll take what I want from your heart and I'll keep it 
In a bag , in a box , put an X on the floor 
Gimme more , gimme more , gimme more , shut up and sing it with me 
My Chemical Romance - Na Na Na ( Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na ) 
Ada yang tau kapan ujian Kode Etik Psikologi kelas pagi ? 
