vt is goin to destroy alabama tonite hoooah 
when life hurts it goes on . drink to let it go but dont think it will stop the pain but push it to the limit but let it go so peace . 
never let life overcome u for u have to prolems is a steping stone 
live life and dnt fear death for death comes for all so live life like there is no other days 
happy thanksgiving 
im laying on my bed thinking about life and how much ywant to smoke 
if u are hot and a girl u will win 10000$ if u send me your number read the small print ok u wont 10000$ but u coul win me 
that was messed up i changed my pass word and if i find out you r goin down 
that was not me who the f did that 
hanging out with Amanda Giles the coolest person ever 
life sucks and everybody hates me cuz im an ass yeaaaaaaaa what the f 
im not a good friend and anybody that gets close gets hurt but i guess thats life 
free of pain free of regret free of longing for something that wiil come on its own 
to live life you cant let others get under your skin and life is full of friends thats there for a day and those that are forever its not allways the ones that you want to stay forever that stay but some friends you will never forget and that you love that will leave and never come back but never forget the good times 
IM FINSHED !!!!!!!!!!!! WITH MY MATH WORK THANK GOD 
Happy Valentines day 
Ur mother and father try to tell u when ur young that there's no such thing as monsters but they lied if u watch the news or even just look around ud see them all around and say U LIED to ur mom n dad 
I'm still sore from cardio sculpt and yoga classes lol its fun 
I'm gud everythings gud now let's get a beer even better a juice let's get lit lol 
It's Diabetes Awareness Month . It isn't pink or sexy , it doesn't involve boobs , football players or cute t-shirts . It's about being grateful when you/your loved one wakes up in the morning . It's blood sugar checks , pills or needles , etc . That's a diabetic's LIFE ! Repost this if you have or love someone with Diabetes . 
Y can't things be simple 
I never thought that I'd see my friends get shot because of a stupid ass ignorent fucking pussy to use his hands I thought maybe I'd see it overseas but not here 
How come girls are crazy 
1 more test and im done with math for the rest of the semester yyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh baby LOL 
In class . 
Hokies kicked some ass oh yea 
Goin to drill its to early 
Sometimes people surprise u and sometimes they do exactly what u expected of them and ur not sure how u feel about it or them 
Just because someone says their ur friend doesn't mean shit even if u try and b the best friend u can be they can still turn on u and stab u in the back and not give a Fuk 
Chilling wid some friends drinking 
Bout to go racin oh yeah Cleveland cabs rock 
Waiting for class and hangib 
I ask anyone that doesn't believe that a drug addicted celebrity is more impo 
Goin to the poolhall bout to win the tournament and some money $$$ 
I love my new car It's freakin awsome it has heated seats fukin awesome 
Chillin waiting for class eating some bbq chicken pizza its good 
Chill watching basketball cavs won hooah !!!! 
At the trace aikins concert anybody else here hit me up 
chillin doin my homework 
Last night I got fu cked up and found out y beer before liquor never sicker LOL it was fun as he ll 
YOGA WOESO LMFAO 
The trace concert was awsome it just to bad I can't smoke anymore 
At drill it sucks 
Girls girls girls if I could only know what yall was thinking I'd b one happy man lol 
i just got my car and goin to pimp it out got some awsome new speakers 
Michael vick is the best player in the country but go falcons 
Its been awhile but I can't wait a date to the movies yay lol 
Nobody can make a difference until they stead up and tell the world fuck u and I'll say what I want so thus is to the world fuck you and soldiers should be considered more important then the topical celebrity drug addict 
Sometimes I don't even know what I'm doin or why it makes no since to me 
Riding in a 5ton back to rockymount ready to go home 
Y do people fill there life with drama and blame it on everything and everybody else 
So how u doin lol 
Goin to pickette its goin to be fun LOL Wtf 
I got a won today immmmm back baby Lmao 
Tough love is sometimes the only way 
I'm not super superstitious but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays & 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status & money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy .. will be without money . I can't let that person be ME ! What the heck- ...... it cant hurt ! and I could use the money ! 
At drill it sucks balls just got here and already ready to go home loooooonnnnnng drive to ft pickette ready for some sleep lol 
Back from drill . I'm really confused about a lot of shit what do I do without options it sucks 
Party , school and military lol I luv it 
At the festable chilling 
" Been to hell and back if you don't believe I have a volture " lil Wayne 
When r u blind and when u dumb and when r u just paranoidk ? 
I lied me and danneca never did anything that chick that said something on my page and it pissed me off sorry danneca and all yall that want to talk shut the hell up u don't like what I said say somethin try me 
Ain't nothin to it but to do it 
Cowboys gettin a beat down by jags that's AWESOME LOL 
Bears just plain suck lol 
I'm lost and I don't know what to do 
chillin bout to go crazzzzy lol 
Just because u lose a few games doesn't mean u quit playin 
Happy thanksgiving to all my people out their who ready to stuff their face lol but a special one to all my brothers and sisters over seas protecting all of us 
At drill doin stupid classes that I've done a million times fuck this ready to watch the game 
Bored out off my mind and can't find it lol 
At home ....................................................... wishing for things Im never goin to have 
AT sucks about to go to sleep can't wait till over 
Is there school tomorrow does anybody know 
I hate my life my car is destroyed I can't sleep and I'm broke fuck me 
I hate it when people don't do what they say there goin to do 
I just got an electric cig its badass 
cardio sculpt kicked my ass so i think im goin to pass my pt test in feb 
We r blind cannot see what is in front of us until its to late 
Ok I took my math test for the second time so this time I know I passed hopefully 
At drill its boring nothing but classes I need a beer lol 
Is like to wish Stanford some bad luck lol 
At a closed ass parkin lot at guys n doll Wtf trying to get fucked up Wtf lol 
Life is crazy 
THIS IS TO PEOPLE WHO WANT TO HATE ON ME FUK U U STUPID FUCKING BITCHS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND TELL ANYONE WHO WANTS TO C ME COME THE FUK ON I NEED TO RELEASE SOME STESS U PICKED THE WROUG WEEKEND U KNOW WHO U R BITCH 
If anybody here's about the shooting on Friday nite about 10pm at 7 11 on 9th street hit me up 
If their is one thing I hate that would have to be people that take to fuking long to do their jobs and fuk up other peoples money that pisses me off now go fuk urself and have urself a nice day 
I tired of people in america being racist and people being scared of all islam and becoming the same as what we hate if u terrorize muslums then we become terroist america was born off of religious freedom 
Losers live though others by taking or asking for anything from everyone and can't get their own so losers go f urself 
If all u ever look for is the one the u might miss out on the best time of ur life 
Ignorance is not the absence of smarts but the unwillingness to hear or accept anybody else's point of view or the truth 
PppppppPizzzzzzaaaaaa 
In tired of crap and I'm goin to sleep and hopefully tomorrow will be a better day 
Change everything before everything changes you 
" Smile " by uncle cracker 
It's three in the mornin at the hospital I'm loyal lol 
Life is full of lessons but if u let someone hold ur hand though them than u will never learn what is needed to be learned 
In pain and tired but glad to be home 
My sisters in the hospital I'm not religious but pray for her 
Ready to go home 
Fuk everybody i dont give a shit anymore life sucks ass and can bite my shiney white azz 
Nobody gives a shit sometimes u can have the best intentions but it gets fuked up and everybody hates u I don't get it please can someone help me 
To much bull in one weekend I need a day away to gather thoughts can't figure y everybody hates on me Fuk it u hate on me u can kiss my skinny white ass 
Chillin ready for school to start lol 
Sometimes people take what u say in the wrong way and sometimes u have to let what those people say go for the well being of other friendships even if their being a fukin azz 
Brakes , battery , and who knows what else but I do still love that car lol 
Sitting here chilling listening to music thinking bout shit life is crazy u learn ur lessons in some crazy places I'm sorry kait 
Wtf is wrong wid some people 
BCS CHAMPIONSHIP game who's goin to win I'm thinkin not my team go hokies 
U know what I'm not even pissed anymore cuz I had more fun without my car 
Trust is a hard thing to gain when u know their not trust worthy 
I lost perspective but I'm tryin to find it again 
Fuk all haters if u don't like me then u can suck it 
I need to find a job 
I'm goin out of my mind no joke this sht is useless and boring as fuk 
when life gives u lemons throw them peoles faces 
Hopeing that I can get my money today and buy a car 
In life can can u win or do u lose is it a race is it a fight is it a football game in which u try to score as much as possible I don't ? 
My bad on my resent commits but I've had a really fucked up couple of days I just needed to vent but still for some people fu 
youve been hacked by Jordan Davidson :) you fail . 
Palin is the stupidest president want a be in the history EVER 
Life sucks fuck it and everything nice guys finish last 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too . Thank you for your he 
HOW U DOIN 
I need to know if I'm getting used or is it more 
Had a good time last nite 
Y the hell is Paris Hilton in the news yet soldiers that give their lives for u and me don't even get one word in the news people need to stop worrying about stupid celebritys I could be one of those solders Hooah 
Why is common sense not so common anymore ? When did shooting become acceptable ? When did stupidity become the norm ? when did fighting stop creating friends ? When did fake become real ? When did these questions start having to be asked ? 
I paaaaaaaaassssssssssssed my math test 
I ask anyone that believes tbat a drug addict is NOT more important then our soldiers that died for us to say something about it and ask y 
Actually I'm not really that nice lol I talk shit I tell people to go to hell and don't give a fuck bout anybody unless their close to me I should say funny people finish last lol fuck off lol 
Well another day gone always waiting on tomorrow hopeing tomorrow is goin to better than today duces to yesterday and hello tomorrow 
I'm tired lol 
Y is it that something tragic has to happen in order to bring America togather instead of great moments of glory doesnt i just dont get it can someone tell mek ? 
I need something to give me something to change my life and give it meaning 
Sometimes people can be blind to what is right in front of their face or think there's something there when there's not is it just wanting , hoping or is it just stupidity 
Life's like a box of chocolates lol 
Can't wait till Saturday but also hoping I didn't wait to long to call lol 
Their r several different types of love and all of them make u do irrational stuff theirs friendship this one can cause u to get un troble with ur friend . theirs in love this one cause u happyness beyond anything or sadness beyond anything if they don't love u back the theirs the greatest one the love of a parent for their child this one is unconditional no matter what 
Chilling had a good time just wish I could read minds 
All I got left is 1 more math quiz then final exam and then turn in my pay final and hope I pass lol 
Sometimes a man has to look inside himself and see what is most important to him but its hard to change what he sees is wrong 
R their any smart sexy girls out their cuz I know plenty of sweet girls but I don't know any that r able to hold a intelligent conversion and be sexy at the sametime lol 
Living life the best way I can and hoping I pass my math test today 
I want to go sledin or snow boredin where u at miles 
u know the cutier the girl the more they use the nicer the guy the more u let them 
The weekend I just hope its quiet and chill I don't need anymore excitment 
Hour run off the clock . Days go bye . Months disappear . And years r gone without knowing why . Then you ask why . Make life the best you can or you'll wish you could go back 
what does life mean ? where do we belong ? how do we live with meaning ? what is the meaning of life ? how do weget to the end of the road without triping over the bumps in the road ? these questions people ask themselves their whole life but never find the anwer . 
Family 
friends 
and God 
the three things that nobody can take from you the only one that can lose these is YOU 
Think god for roadside assistance if it wasn't for them id my car would be really messed up lol 
Happy thanksgiving to everyone but especially to all to the soldiers overseas protecting me and u 
Time for school tomorrow I'm actually glad to get my learning on 
Today is veterans day so if u now a veteran give them a holla and show how much u respect them and appreciate there sacrifices for us 
1000 ways to die is creepy 
anybody know a good lawyer that works on accident claims 
Holidays are tough ... wish Heaven had a phone .... so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today .. but that's nothing new I thought of you yesterday and days before that too ... I think of you in silence and often speak your name . All I have are memories and pictures in a ... frame ... Repost if you have someone in Heaven that you miss on earth ! 
I'm goin to Washington dc to see the big heads of Washington and the monuments lol 
when you try to take a break from life how do you get away from everything without getting rid of everybody ? 
Drill yay 
The real Matt please stand up will the real Matt please stand up 
They say let go they ask y hold on maybe its love maybe its wanting what can't have maybe its just the nature of a man or maybe it just is what it is 
I have to take math over again but only the last 4 week module because of 3 points away 
Chinese food + alcohol = all bad lol 
Even though sometimes u want to get the past out of ur life but sometimes its better to confront it and keep it close 
e change your profile picture back to yourself because the group that told us all to change our picture to our favorite cartoon character was a group of pedophiles . They were doing it because kids would accept their friend request faster if they saw a cartoon picture . It has absolutely nothing to do with child violence . ( Watch the nes tonite and pass it on ) 
Im goin to go crazy without my car and money iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii lol 
On da bus again but hopefully not for long hopefully get my car back tomorrow brakes and all lol 
I wish I could read people's minds 
Snowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww no school that normally would be awsome but now school next week iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
Sometimes u need to get rid of the old in order to make room for the new I feel so much better its just the old was goin nowhere and I just hope the new brings something better 
Am I an asshole be HONEST won't be mad PLEASE COMMENT ON MY STATUS N TELL ME WHAT U THINK 
Watching 1000ways to die again 
D.c. was awsome the museums were amazeing and so was the monuments I want to go again soon and check out Arlington and the lincon memoril 
Confession time INBOX ONLY ! 2010 is almost over . Tell me anything you've always wanted to tell me . Put this as your status . You might be surprised what you get 
The funny thing bout my last post is my bday is the 5th of July 
Dis some bullshit 
18 a special girl that I miss chillin wid fun but crazy but needs to com down 
I don't know , I just don't know what to do , where to go or how to get there 
Wtf do people expect from me 
Christmas party with the unit awsome lol 
Fuck my life first I can't drive my car cuz no brakes and no money to get fixed fuck my life then my control pad broke on my ps3 fuck my life what is next lol if u have something to say fuck ur life say it 
Virginia tech is goin to beat fsu near them down 
anybody who say that brett farv should be seriously punished for sexting is an idiot 
Chilling I wonder y western is out I'm confused 
just finished my test had my fingers crossed the whole tim so hopefully she can read my answers 
If new years day is any measure of what the rest of the year then u might as well shoot me now 
I finally have brakes yeah brakes that actually work HOOAH 
I don't get it I try to be nice but I guess sometimes I'm an ass n if u don't like it then fuck u 
Green n Yellow ....... football over but now its basketball yeaaaaaa 
Everybody give the hokies some luv 
Headed to drill WOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Marry Christmas to all my friends and fam and friends that r like fam 
I'm tired of bull being shoveled at me in ordered to spare my feelings or because of other bull don't lie to me I know I'm hard headed as hell but I'm not fuckin stupid and when I figure it out on my own its goin to be worse so Fuk ya all u know who u r even if I don't 
Thank u to all of my true friends and fam that I know have my back and is there whenever I need yall I have the best friends a guy could ask for 
Had a good nite girl was cool but I don't know if something can come from it oh well 
I've decided to grow up so c ua on the way up 
Why does America love watching people make asses of themselves and then want to emulate them its stupid and ignorant the only name I have to say snooky Wtf 
America needs to support the Egyptian people and take the Egyptian gov down 
Here we go again wid snow n ice Wtf does anybody know if western has classes tomorrow 
I'm need a car so I can have a social life 
Bitches r CRAZY lol 
Happy freakin new years reacked my car had a concusssion wtf greatist freakin beginning to the new year ever 
It's time its my time but I have to take control and make it happen I got to fight , think and do what I got to do for my time 
The right road isn't always the one that you don't even know is there until its to late 
It's a small world lol 
I HATE THE FUKING BUS WHAT THE FUK I WANT MY FUKING CAR WTF 
they call me big papa 
Part of growing up is listening to what other people tell u n giving up some freedom n order to gain others 
Awake an hour earlier then i would if i had my car iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
If u one the lottery what would u do with it 
Greenbay is goin to win the superbowl 
What am I goin to do I know I'm not perfect I know I rush I know I'm lost but I don't know what to do 
On the way to drill " yay " lol 
I'm Sry I don't know what to doin 
I miss u already grandma u was always there for me when I needed u . I wish I would've seen u and told u I loved u one more time . I know it was ur time and I know ur n a better place so if u can read this I LOVE U MALMAL 
Please post this as your status for one hour , I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love that has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post this ? Just one hour , do it for all of us . There are too many to mention that have fought or are fighting it . I hope to see this re- posted . My grandma died yesterday 
" ..... Nobody wants to be the last one there , everyone wants to feel like someone cares , someone to love with my life in their hands , there's gotta be somebody for me like that . Nobody wants to go it on their own , and everyone wants to know they're not alone . Theres somebody else that feels the same somewhere , there's gotta be somebody for me out there ..... " -Nickleback 
" If Goo though hell keep on goin u might get iout before the devil he knows ur there " Rodney Akins 
I don't know how I'm goin to handle this its my grandma's memorial service I don't if I can deal wid being there 
I think its funny how our family only gets together for funerals 
Wow I feel so out of place when it comes to my own fam 
VT kicked number 1 duke's ass 
Okay , now it's truth time ! Ask me any question and I'll answer it honestly . (= Post this as your status if you ain't scared 
The move is the shit 
Hey I'm lost in myself do think u can find me 
t love the EVO its awsome !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The Eco is deff worth the money I love ten dollars for internet lil 
Ready to do something 
To want things u don't think u can have and yet still goin for it is what America is all about 
Im goin to go crazy soon if something doesn't go right soon 
Had a good time 
AMERICA WAS BORN OFF FREEDOM YET WE HOLD OUR HEADS ABOVE THE PEOPLE WHO FIGHT FOR THEIR FREEDOM WHEN AMERICA WAS IN THE SAME SPOT WHEN THIS GREAT COUNTRY WAS BORN " OUT OF CHOAS A PHOENIX CAN ARISE " BUT THIS CAN ONLY HAPPEN WITH HELP FROM US JUST LIKE THE CHOAS THAT WAS AMERICA AT THE BEGINNING OF THE REVOLUTIONARY WAR WE NEEDED THE FRANCH THE MIDDLE EAST ASKED FOR OUR HELP 
HOW THE FUCK COULD ANY DECENT HUMAN BEIN BLAME A 11YR OLD GIRL FOR GANG RAPED BY 18 DIFFERANT GUYS WTF 
Im tired of tricks their starting to get on my dank nerves 
these tricks gettin on my damn nerves and so is obama get ur shit straight dude help libya or u WON'T be reelected we dont like febal politics coward presidents who who fogien politics is to give up our millitary is the strongest in the world for a reason make our enemys and dictators fear us again and we could put an end to all this crap 
I like this song 
I know why I've been fucking up I'm still caught up wtf 
Off to school soon yay 
why the fuck do they allow retarded people into collage especially when they can not be social without pissing people the fuck off im not in the fucking mood 
" All i want to do is trade this life for something new ... holding on to what i havent got ... " - Waiting for the End 
Sometimes in life there are things that u lose and jus can't let go no matter the time and it fucks wid u every time u think bout it I jus don't know how to get past it 
Havin a good time getting fucked up with my unit last 2 left tequila and 99berrys yeah boyyyy 
R.I.P. Nate Dogg 
Tired as hell and want to punch this loud mouth mf next to me cuz he won't shut the Fuck up n stop yellin 
taking suicide prevention class thinkin bout suicide lol 
TIRED STILL AFTER LAST NITE STILL BUT IT WAS FUCKING . CRAZY LOL 
I'm back baby !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm ready for the summer game on n to all yall bitchs that can't give a motherfucker a chance Fuck ya its game on bitchs 
q ;p 
need to find something to do inbox me if u have any ideas 
Ive got a feeling 
cuz paper chaser my life 
The bigger the penis the smaller it is when the smaller it is when ur not hard 
wtf 
I'm fucked up 
tryin to get lost in my own mind 
what to do ? what to do ? what to do ? 
do u think matthew harvey has ever skinny dipped ? 
to tired to go to school buh 
It's amazing how I always finish last 
Today is the military club meeting hope its productive lol then my day starts all over again lol 
i dont have my phone so if u have to talk to me facebook it even though i cant read it but when i do get my phone ill read it today jus sucks lol but last night was pretty fun i hung out with a good friend and olive garden is good lol 
Got my baby back 
chillin waiting on tomorrow 
Waitin for something its to bad I can't even catch a glance 
I could b about to b getting screwed how the hell they goin to kick good soldiers out because of fucking weed wtf is wrong wid the army now days 
i get to finilly see a vt game im goin to get so drunk tonite 
