hey everyone , i have a new number ! it's 317-809-5406 
i'm in nall honors at my new school AND AP HISTORY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ticked off at a certain someone ... KATHRYN ANN LONG !!!!!! 
im SO happy !!!!!!!!!!!! 
:'( 
I miss him .... 
riley !!!!!!... puppies are SO cute , but such a pain in the butt 
what's with the whoole pokemon thing as profile pictures ? pokemon shoulda been dead ten years ago 
ugh .... exams coming up ... y do they torture us so ? 
no more school .... im actually kinda sad .... no friends for a week 
i need to forget all the empty promises you said to me . Hearts were only meant to bleed . When we planted that first seed of hope , we never thought it would come to this . Yet here i am and there you are 
thinking thoughts about thoughts I thought , if I think of these thoughts right , I think I'd be the thinking genius that thought too much about thinking . 
What was your first opinion of me and has it changed ? If so , then how ? 
black 
don't tell me you're sorry because you're not ... whatever happened to dancing in the rain ? to loving despite the pain ? is there nothing in this world to gain ? 
sick of trying , tired of crying , yeah im smiling , but inside im dying 
hollow words and empty promises only amount to so much . They last but a mere second in this spiraling world we call home . So then why do we still cling to them with so much hope ? 
okay , so this really cute guy from my gym class just gave me the best hug ever !!!! 
I want you to understand , I'm not running away from you , I'm walking away so slowly , and you won't even reach out your hand to stop me 
i keep looking in the mirror and going " WOAH ! Who's that ?! " 
I'm not in my right mind at present , please leave a message at the sound of the cries of despair and the nice men in white coats will get back to you ! 
wondering if you saw me riding down the street in a police car , what do you think i would get arrested for ? 
... It's ironic how we ignore those who adore us , adore those who ignore us , hurt those who love us , and love those who hurt us . 
Have you ever had one of those moments where you just want to hit someone or something , but you know you'll get in trouble and then , your English teacher gives you a metal pole ? I love those moments .... 
would break be over already !! 
oh no !!! i lost my Siamese twin !!! whatever shall i do ?!! han-nah-nah !!!! come back !!! i swear i didnt mean to push you into the volcano ;) 
LOVE THIS QUOTE ! " Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway . " 
What's that you got there ? Oh , more stress for me really !? Just pile it up with the rest of it ! Yep , right there on my shoulders ... thanks . 
What are you supposed to do when you wake up at 7 am on a Saturday morning ?! 
Went and saw Unknown with my dad ! Liam Neeson is amazing ! Jealous Nathaniel Reusser ? 
Finished my interview . I'll hear back in about a week or so . Keep your fingers crossed ! 
Thinking of dyeing my hair pink again . Any thoughts ? 
Little girl : Daddy , where does it take them ? 
Higgins : HELL 
Dad : Higgins ! We don't say that here ! 
Higgins : Oops , sorry . My bad , Mexico . 
" We're all pretty bizarre . Some of us are just better at hiding it , that's all . " 
-The Breakfast Club 
So , I know this amazing guy :) 
wow ... i posted 17 videos today ... lol 
okay , now 20 videos 
May i just say that i LOVE Epitaph Records ?! 
Listening to an awesome band ( In Flames ) right now thanks to Nathaniel Reusser 
... when life gives you a rainy day , play in the puddles ! AND race worms down magical underground railroads !!! (aka gutters ... for all you nonPAMICANAH people ) 
HOW DO YOU FLUSH A BODY DOWN A POTTY ?????!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU TOO Hannah Gonzalez and Sammie Bannourah 
i <3 my crazy , goofy , sometimes stupid , but oh so amazing boyfriend ... but not as much as my wife ( Hannah Gonzales ) , fiance ( Pamisa Hayden ) , or my girlfriends ( Sam Green and Elizabeth Roberts) !!!!!! 
random question : if i was in the corner crying what would you truly do ?? comment below 
says : Who says women don't like simple , cheap things .. we like guys don't we ? ( im ... kinda , sorta sorry brian ) 
My friends tell me I'm talking too much and I need to be quiet , and then when I am , they ask me whats wrong , and why I'm being so quiet ... Really ? Make up your minds ! 
Why is it that when you want to talk to someone and when you finally do , you have no clue what to say ? 
thinks when they finally come up with a vaccine for stupidity ... they need to send the entire shipment to the White House and the Capital Building ! 
I have sand between my toes and a hand full of sea shells ... bet you can't guess where i am !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
anyone wanna go to the parade/carmelfest with me tomorrow ? 
My pet giraffe is going to go defeat and conquer the world right after I battle the evil chipmunks with a purple unicorn named snuffilufigustnah underwater 
The voices in my head are having conversations with my imaginary friends and I can't get a word in edgewise ! 
I CAN'T WAIT TILL FRIDAY !!!! ALTHOUGH I'M HAVING SO MUCH FUN AT MY DAD'S!!!!! 
school is like death on cocaine ... you hallucinate that it's been forever and that it should be the end , but then you take a step back and realize , you're just slowly fading away ... grrr 
If you're brave , Copy this into your status and see what people rate you : ( 1)Crazy ( 2)I'd marry you ( 3)Talkative ( 4)Sarcastic ( 5)Loveable ( 6)Clubhead ( 7)Moody ( 8)Dumb ( 9)Spoiled ( 10)Mouthy ( 11)Random ( 12)Hot ( 13)Funny ( 14)Fit ( 15)Amazing ( 16)Beautiful ( 17)Cute ( 18)Rude ( 19)Simple(20)The Best 
Trader this and trader that ... why would i want to trade a silly hat ? 
There's a hole in the world like a great black pit , And it's filled with people who are filled with " spit " , And the vermin of the world inhabit it .... 
1/4 pound of sushi and i'm stuffed for the day ! Love sushi !!!! 
Jane Doe I don't think I know you , but I know for sure that you beautiful So Baby let me know your name D- what's her name ? I'm overly attracted and terribly convinced that she could be my princess and I could be her prince And I've felt that way , Since i saw Jane Doe 
just out of curiosity , what was your first impression of me ? and why ? ( most of the responses are probably going to be along the lines of " who the hell is that crazy chick ?! " ... hard to imagine you'd become friends with her , huh ? XP ) 
Stuck at home , feeling like crap . I need someone to cheer me up :( 
i must say that i just had the best " hangout date " ever ( so far ) . thanks nathan :) 
Why is it that the night before big tests you can never get to sleep ? grrrrr ..... 
SO HYPER !!!!!! SEAN ! I GOT A KNIFE !!!! AHHHH !!!! I'M FALLING IN A BALL OF FIRE !!!! 
blah .... :( 
I've known you for a year . I trust you more than the friends I've had for years . 
I can tell you anything , you don't judge me . You are one of the best friends I've ever had , never leave me . 
Thank you so much , I wanted to remind you that I love you . Hannah Gonzalez and Pamela Hayden this is for you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
this is for all of you who don't know nathaniel : the song of the day is fear of the dark by Iron Maiden . Listen to it , he has great taste and you need some too . 
A little girl in was hit by a car and died . She was 2 years old , and raised by a single mother who could not afford a headstone for her daughter's grave . 
Inmates at a local prison heard her story and wanted to help . They saved $670 out of their monthly salaries to give this girl a proper burial . 
" I can't remember to forget you . " -Memento 
I'M SO CONFUSED !!!!!!!!! * RUNS IN CIRCLES * SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN ALL THIS TO ME !!!!!!!!!! 
Our economy may be bad , but we do have a 30 million dollar robot on mars taking pictures for us . 
ironic , huh ? 
this bittersweet day will see us through and I wouldn't change it just for you 
apparently , according to a six year old , im hot ... thank you zach . 
79% of people will believe any statistic with a percentage in it . 
Why is it that just when you think the past has gone , it reappears , making you think what if and why , but never giving you the answers you thought you would get or what you want to hear ? 
people ! stop having a life and talk to me !!! i miss my friends !!! 
homemade bread is SO addictive !!! 
Guess who just got a new CD ?! That's right , ME ! lol XD 
SUMMER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY !!!!! 5 MORE DAYS ' TIL VA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
nothing like listening to metal when you first get home to wake you up :) 
i just had the longest phone conversation of my life . way to go nathaniel ... I don't think anyone has ever come that close to talking to me on the hone for that long . 
Lets play the story game . I'll start and lets see how far it goes , one line at a time . start : Once upon a time , there was a ... 
POKE ME if youever had a crush on me .. LIKE this status if you think I'm a goodfriend .. INBOX me if you ever wanted a relationship with me .. COMMENT on this status if we have had good memories .. Now lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this in their status (: 
OMG ! I went to Goodwill ( best store ever ! ) and found every single Sailor Moon ever made !!!! My mom only let me get the movie though :( I used to LOVE that show !! 
so ... i " caught a bug " at the homeless shelter , and now I'm home sick . joy . 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = crazy , 2 = i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = ugly , 5 = i miss you , 6 = i'd kiss you , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = energetic , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny 14 = gangster 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = beautiful , 19 = smart , 20 = super smart , 21 = athletic 
so , yesterday , Katie Tragesser and i got " locked " outside of school ... luckily , we had a hot pocket ( named Gerber ) to save us ! Thank you R3id Libby ! :) 
SOMEONE GIVE ME SOMETHING TO DO ... PLEASE !!! I'M REALLY HYPER RIGHT NOW !!!!! 
Just spent two hours looking for pam's dog ... all i have to say is that she better like it !!! 
I don't want to hurt this badly anymore . I don't want to be so broken ... 
There should be a limit to how much you can actually miss someone . Its just been a week and I am going crazy already . 
Is it bad that when I say something nice , I'm asked if I'm being sarcastic ? 
have you ever forgotten you were riding a bike and waved with both hands ? YOU HAVEN'T ?! well , don't do it , it hurts ! XD 
ODD FACTS : Rats can't vomit ; A squirrel lives @ 9 yrs ; The avg caterpillar has 16 legs ; a woodpecker pecks 20x a sec ; A fly has taste buds in it's feet 
I had an awesome night last night :D and tonight is gonna be just as good !!! WOHOOO !!!! I LOVE HALLOWEEN ! 
MENDED HEARTS 
How long must I wait for your love 
Knowing you are too far away to reach me 
Our conversations ... comforts my spirit 
Dawn has appeared ; the night is over 
Our lines are tied 
Passion draws us closer together 
... 
For all eternity 
With hopes and dreams to look forward too 
-By Matthew Baker 

I love you Matt . Wish you were here <3 
Can't decide on anything :/ 
. efil ruoy fo sdnoces ytriht detsaw tsuj uoY 
NO SCHOOL !!! MEANING ( drum roll please ): my morning WILL NOT be ruined !!!!! 
So , where do all your thoughts go once you have finished thinking them ? I mean , they have to go somewhere , it's not like they just float out of your ears . 
what would you be doing right now if Facebook did not waste your time by just existing ? be honest . 
Hey ! I have Skype ! Who wants to see my " b-e-a-utiful " face ? :P 
Have you ever wondered why we close our eyes when we pray ; When we cry , dream ... when we kiss ? Could it possibly be because we know that we can't see the most beautiful things , but rather that we feel it with our hearts ? 
Hannah Gonzalez and Pamela Hayden , yes , you ARE coming to my house at 4pm . No questions asked . No excuses . 
I'm concerned ; My dog actually ate his food ... all on his own ! 
Oh , and have you ever noticed that Scar from The Lion King is Adolf Hitler ? 
So , I started out with 13 carnations and ended up with 9 . :P 
( and for those who keep asking : no , none of them were from Nathaniel . ) 
