still has Reversi skillz 
is back in England . 
has been bafafaed 
congrats everyone who purchased RATM . Power to the people !! 
Gadgets make the train fun :) Also : am in Colinchester for the weekend ! Contain your excitement . 
loves programming and listening to dance/trance music ! Puts me in " the zone " :) 
Got paid for the first time from my internship . Despite the nominal salary being more than 3 times higher than I get at uni , taxes mean I got paid less than twice as much :( 
St. David's day . Good day :) 
enjoyed cycling home at midnight . 
I have returned to Nottingham 
I am in love with using my phone as a wireless hotspot . Where has this been all my life ? 
Brb going to Luton 
A BBC commenter on Harold Camping's rapture prediction : " I bet it must be very disappointing for him that it didn't turn out to be the apocalypse . Still , it's not the end of the world . " 
I suck 
Hugs to Liv Lee , Zuzannah , Michal Kosinski , Luning , Iva Cek , Ning and everyone else there this weekend ! :o ) 
Blargh - on the train struggling to get an internet signal . Kettering .. Market Harborough .. these are places we can do without ! 
is back in Notts 
is in Colinchester 
hates mysql and all that it stands for . 
Please vote today :) The pollsters think that only 1 in 3 young people will bother . Prove them wrong and get more attention on youth issues ( do you remember those questions about student fees and youth unemployment in the TV debates ? Nope . Me neither ) . 
is in Cambridge until mid-April ! 
is in Colinchester for the weekend ! 
is back in Notts and had to put the heating on . 
Recursive . A function or definition that refers to itself . See recursive . 
bought CoD and it's all Colin Clark's fault 
So ... unlimited fees for students . Wow . Don't really understand how despite the country getting richer , we apparently can only afford less than we did previously . 
just spent 2 hours programming to meet Facebook's new policy of encrypting user IDs before sending to third parties . I hope that everyone appreciates the negligible increase in their privacy that they will be experiencing . 
finished programming another myPersonality questionnaire ( #17 ) . It will be bug checked and then released . Contain your excitement ! 
it took me from 4.30 pm to 10pm ... but I installed my wireless adapter . Because I refuse to be without internet . 
