~ Can You See ? My Eyes Are Shining Bright , ' Cause I'm Out Here On The Other Side Of A Jet Black Hotel Mirror ~ 
~ Josh's swing dancing equals epic . xD 
is back . 
really wants a kitten ... and I shall name her Clover . 
is sitting outside in Pennsylvania . 
~ the kittens have officially been named . Clover and Pistol . 
is going back to Tennessee . 
is back from Impact . 
is obsessed with Maple Story again . :P . 
has to rewrite a part of her story because she thinks she accidentally deleted it . ): 
is sad ... 
is drawing Jjaeyl . ( Lauren ! ) 
is going to Pennsylvania tomorrow . 
got a hair cut . 
wants Sims 3 ... xD 
rearranged her room . Drastically . It's so different now . :D 
is boredd . 
~ goin ' to college . 
~ First Mission : Decode - Paramore . 
is doin ' German homework . 
~ Chemistryy is soo hardd ! 
is going to the pool later . 
is writing a Psychology essay . 
~ ew , Chemistry . 
is done with art and has nothing special going on anymore . ): . 
is better , I guess , and finishing up the last Psychology essays . 
wants to cut her hair again . 
is still finishing homework . On to Algebra II . 
is going to art class . 
is writing . ~ 50 page mark ! ~ 
wants a keyboard . 
is in German classs . 
is sick . And also bored . Someone talk to meee ...! 
starts Psychology tomorrow . 
~ haha , Glenn Beck is awesome . xD 
can play Decode on the piano . :D 
~ aerobics to Family Force 5 ? Epic . 
~ goin ' shopping tomorrow with mah friends :D 
is writing essays . 
feels rather sickly ... :/ 
~ hahaha , no school . 
hates writer's block . 
is rearranging her room . :D . Much fun . 
~ Mystery Retreat 
~ blasting screamo and there's no one to give me a hard time about it . :D 
is going to the HOPE game night . 
is very bored . 
has to take PSATs :( 
got charcoals for Christmas :D 
made cookies for soldiers . :D 
is sitting in my bed with all four cats . Yes , I am just that awesome . 
~ 73 pages/15000 words of continuous narrative . Almost ready for another editing phase ( Lauren . . . Yvonne . . . ) . Now we're getting into the complicated stuff . . . Fun . 
is 17 in nine days ! ( I missed yesterday's count down ... ) 
is already packed . xD 
~ German riddles . Fun , fun . :P 
~ Merry Christmas :D 
~ Christmas in one day . Seventeen in six days . 
is seventeen in three days ! 
has so much to do ! 
is seventeen . :P . 
is 17 in twelve days ! 
has two kittens ! The girl is Clover and I need help with the boy ... it's between Jagger , Monkey , Corsair , and Sable . VOTE ! 
beat her sister in an arm wrestle . :D 
is sad thinking about how her kitties are at home on her bed ... alone ... xD ... poor kitties . 
drew a bluebird and is now drawing a seagull . 
is in Pennsylvania . :P 
~ to the masquerade ! 
listening to Muse . ? :D 
cut her hair again . Short . Again . 
~ grr ... school sucks . 
played much D&D . Muahaha . 
~ CDC latest report : Autism effects 1 in 110 children born each day . 1 in 70 boys . Put this in your status for 1 HOUR if you know someone with AUTISM . Let our children's voices be heard . Here's to 2010 increasing awareness , research and proactively finding answers . 
~ What actress do I look like ? :o 
~ " I can no longer tell the days from the nights . The moon glows an eerie red and I could swear it was covered in blood . What have you all done ? What have you all become ? A people more concerned with the temporary pleasures of this world rather than your salvation ? I am now convinced that this is the end . As I raise my head towards the heavens to take one last look at the moon , the stars begin to fall . " 
is playing Dofus ! :D 
~ Winterfest ! Be back Sunday ... :D . 
is back from Winterfest . 
" So , Vanity's got this new gun that she wants to try on you . And everyone is painted on , singing scripted songs . And your seizure-like finger is dead on the trigger . And they had you in their targets . They're smiling with you in their targets . " 
has much to do todayy ... 
Das ist das Schloß Schönbrunn und der Schloßpark . 
made a D&D character :D 
is back from the Mystery Retreat and is ridiculously sore . 
is bored and tired . 
is 17 in eleven days ! 
is going to make a castle for Slinky out of tissue boxes . :D . So far , he likes the first installation ... he immediately went inside and has been sleeping there since . xD . 
Thunderstorm ! <3 <3 <3 
thinks that she has left her laptop charger at the church . Dx 
can't find Clover ... haven't seen her for over two hours . :( 
I'll keep my guns , freedom , and money . You can keep the ' Change . ' 
~ for the simplistic game that it is , Minecraft is creeeepy . 
has returned . 
has the day off . :D 
has returned ! 
~ Quick ! White , teal , or purple ? 
leaving tomorrow at 8:30 . I'll be back next Saturday ! :D 
~ How to Tame your Dragon was adorable ! A little disappointed with Clash of the Titans . 
~ is sick . D: 
I made up a riddle ! No cheating with google , but whoever can figure it out first gets 5 awesome points . 

I like looking through glass at neologist works 
by one not schizophrenic but known for his quirks . 
I stand on a chessboard , pick up a book , 
read of a galumphing hero , and the monster he took . 
What is my favorite poem ? 
musts feed snake . Muahaha . 
~ Laci tore up her paw somehow ... :( 
is at work . 
~ here I am ! 
~ new computer ! 
' s grandma had another stroke . :( 
got her Learner's Permit . Woo ? :P 
~ Prom is tiring . 
can't get out of my driveway ... stupid rear-wheel drive . :( 
is writing . Urk . And needs to do it more often ! 
~ yard sale ... then SATs ... then yard sale ... then icecream ! 
~ is tired of being tired ! 
~ there is a little kitty that has been hanging out on our deck . She's really thin . :( 
~ " I do not kill people . That is ... that is my LEAST favorite thing to do . " 
~ yay , open studio at work ! >:D 
~ haaair cut ! 
~ I'm like a kamikaze surprise attack . RA T-T A T-T AT ! 
had $40 ... went to the used bookstore ... and now has $6 . xD 
rearranged her room ! Yay ! 
~ Every Seven Seconds , A Child Under The Age Of Five Dies Of Preventable Hunger-Related Causes . In Third-World Countries , One Out Of Two Children Do Not Live To Their First Birthday . Now That You Know , Visit worldvision.com To Find Out What You Can Do . 
has only two things left to do ! Finish extra credit in History , and finish research paper in English ! Then must studies for examses ... :( 
~ History is cancelled ... now I have to hang out in the library for an houuurrr . D ' : 
~ is it better to live as a monster , or die as a good man ? 
~ bad moods are no fun . 
~ had blood work done and FAINTED ! Lool . 
~ omg , like , Merry Christmas >:O ... 
?? ' ?? ? ' \????\?= (•??)= ? / ???? /' ? ?? ' 
screwed up her foot . And must study for History finals anyway . :( . 
~ Maybe I'm the One Who Is the Schizophrenic Psycho :O 
~ ahhhhh , why am I taking history ? I don't know squat about politics ! 
.. there was a dog fight today . It ended with Laci in the naughty-corner and a cracked measuring cup . That's what I was holding at the time ... haa . 
~ ... everyone's aware , you squeeze it tight enough to bleed ... but suicide is something we'd rather not mention here in our beautiful world of saving face ... everyone is painted on , singing scripted songs ... and your seizure-like finger is dead on the trigger ... and they had you in their targets ... they're smiling with you in their targets . 
-- Vanus Empty 
~ just got her glasses . And looks rather studious . 
~ omggg , exam essay ... DO NOT WANT ! 
hopes everyone had a nice time tonight ~ ~ thanks for attending <3 ! 
~ Happy Hopping Hearts Day xD 
~ if you don't stand for something , you'll fall for anything . 
got many an awesome gift today , including hats , bracelets , and book-lights . ^^ 
Red Bull <3 
MISTY ! Get off the stove ! You're ridiculous ... gosh . 
it's hailing ! aaaah ! :3 
The New FB Privacy setting called " Instant Personalization " has gone into effect . The new setting shares your data with non-Facebook websites & it is automatically set to " Enabled " . Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Apps & Websites > Instant Personalization > edit settings & uncheck " Enable " . BTW If your friends don't do this , they will be sharing info about you as well . Please copy and re-post 
filled out an application for cashier . :o . 
Click " LIKE " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile XD 
... a recruiting Gunnery Sergeant just drove up to our house asking to speak to a Grath Wyvrin . 
is lookin ' for a job . Dx . 
I believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted him as my personal savior . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my father at the Gates of Heaven . This is simple .. If you love God and you are not afraid to show it re post this ... Just copy and paste ... No shame here ? 
is leaving in ten hours . But has no idea to where exactly . xD . 
is in a hotel somewhere in New Jersey . I think . 
~ So . I am taking MTH 151 and SDV 100 in the Summer . :/ . 
~ Einstein's Logic Puzzle ? I'm part of the 2% . ;) 
doesn't like History assignments . Dx 
~ " Courage is the most important of all the virtues , because without courage , you can't practice any other virtue consistently . You can practice any virtue erratically , but nothing consistently without courage . " 
now wants to read Brave New World ... 
should not be awake right now . Dx 
~ grades for one class are IN ! :D 
~ " Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . " - Dr. Seuss 
Watching a commentary of Amnesia : the Dark Descent . It's preeeeetty messed up . Dx 
re-downloaded MapleStory . :D 
leaving in a couple of hours ! :O 
is graduating in two days . :P 
has applied at about 6 places ... hopefully a couple will call . :P 
2B v ~ 2B ? That is the question . 
finally has enough inspiration to work on writing again ~ thank you Boemermans for the writing strategies/techniques book . :3 
~ passen Sie der Jabberwock auf , mein Sohn , die Kiefer jener Biss , die Klauen jenes Kratzen . 
has decided to join Team Edward ... Elric . 
You call it societal and technological progress , I call it complications and problems waiting to happen . 
~ when life gets harder ... you must have leveled up . 
just recovered 150 songs that were lost when our previous computer crashed ! 
YOU DON'T LOOK SICK ! No I don't . It's hard to explain to someone when they have no clue . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Anxiety , Bipolar , Depression , DIABETES , Lupus , RA , Fibromyalgia , Crohns , MS , Arthritis , etc .. ) Never judge what you don't understand 
~ first interview tomorrow ! D: D: D: 
Hey , guys , I have no way to get to work tomorrow and was wondering if anyone would be able to pick me up at 9 tomorrow morning ( Saturday ) . My mom will give you $5 gas money . :D 
" People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care . " 
Go to your profile . Look to your left . First 7 friends are your zombie apocalypse team . 
Sidekick : Quinn Moury 
Heavy Weapons : Brett Brunsink 
The idiot that survives : Leah Kim 
The Sniper : Leslie Stackpole 
The one that loses it : Kathleen Joy Warner 
The brains : Jacob Marron 
The first to die : Ceci Galvin 
First semester of full-time college + first job with 20 < hours a week = busy fall for meeee ... :P 
~ I'm like a kamikaze surprise attack ... RA T-T A T-T AT ~ 
Yep , chocolate covered bacon at Hallmark . Nope , I will never try it . 
tried to catch a stray cat that was running around in a parking lot . Instead , came home with a dozen+ ticks . They have since been mercilessly destroyed . 
