' Letters to God ' is an amazing movie , if not sad . If you haven't seen it , consider doing so . :) 
I didn't know Facebook had Tetris ! :D Makes me sooo happy . ^^ 
Happy Thanksgiving ! :) 
If you click ' like ' this status I will post 
onyour wall something I like about you . Make this your status if you 
want achallenge :) 
Pick 
one word that describes me , and the word must start with the 3rd letter 
of your name . Then repost this on your page and see what answers you 
get in return . 
The woodpeckers are coming ! The woodpeckers are coming ! 
They're pecking on the side of our house . o.O 
Thanks for making last night awesome Faith , Kyle , and Sheldon ! You guys rock ! :D 
I never thought i could have so much fun watching The Aristocats . XD 
So pure . So gentle . So amazing . 
I love snow . 
No youth group tonight cause of snow ! D: 
I still love snow though . :) 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 
1 ) -Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 
2 ) -The color you remind me of .... 
3 ) -My first memory of you/a memory of you 
4 ) -The animal you remind me of ... 
5 ) -Ask something I've always wondered about you . 
6 ) -My favorite thing about you . 
7 ) -Give you a weird nickname . 
8 ) -What's written on my shirt now 
9 ) -Challenge you to post this ? 
The Twisp Mission Trip was AWESOME ! Had lots of fun building relationships with the people in my youth group and learning to feel the Holy Spirit a little more . Thanks to all of you that encouraged me and helped me through the week . Lots of unforgettable memories and unforgettable people . 
Hilarious experience at Fred Myers yesterday at the dressing room . 
No employees around . Just me , my mom , and another lady waiting for someone . 
There's a phone that has " Please pick up for assistance . " written on it so we pick it up and the phone on the desk two feet behind us starts ringing . We all look at each other , shrug , and wonder how that helped . Then we laughed . Never did find an employee . XD 
I love how in every Yu-Gi-Oh show no matter how much abuse the cards take they seem to manage to stay in mint condition . XD 
Click ' Like ' if you're glad you met me , then put this as your status and see how many people are glad they met you . :) 
If your not scared , put this on your status and see what people rate you1 ) crazy ( 2 ) i'd date you ( 3 ) attractive ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) i miss you(6 ) i'd kiss you ( 7 ) i like you ( 8 ) smart ( 9 ) energetic ( 10 ) random(11 ) hot ( 12 ) funny ( 13 ) fit ( 14 ) amazing ( 15 ) tough ( 16 ) cute ( 17 ) beautiful ( 18 ) nerd ( 19 ) adorable ( 20 ) i love you 
But when I am afraid , 
I will put my trust in you . - Psalm 56:3 
I need to learn to do this . 
They say it takes a minute to find a special person , 
an hour to appreciate them , 
a day to love them ... 
but then an entire life to forget them . 

You're all special to me . Everyone who can see this . :D 
I have an amazing boyfriend ! 
Thank you for one whole year of happiness , patience , forgiveness , and love . 
It's been awesome and I hope it continues to be that way . 
I love you Sheldon ! :D 
What's on my mind Facebook ? Lots of stuff . 
Do I wanna tell a wall about it ? Not so much . 
So instead I'll just write this . 
Lets 
:) ? play the color game (: copy this into your status and see what 
people rate you . * Red = I love you * Pink = Your cute/pretty * Green = 
Your funny * orange = I like you * White = i use to like you * Yellow = 
Your amazing * Black = I hate You * Blue = Friends 4 Ever * Purple = i 
... dont ... know you ... that well * Multi-colored = Your crazy !? (: 
confession time , inbox only . that means messages only . 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me but have never had the nerve to . put this as your status && you might be surprised 
Super Late Happy New Year ! :D 
But I was camping , so I had no internet ... 
Hope 2011 will be filled with lots of new memories . :) 
6 Don’t worry about anything ; instead , pray about everything . Tell God what you need , and thank him for all he has done . 7 Then you will experience God’s peace , which exceeds anything we can understand . His peace will guard your hearts and minds as you live in Christ Jesus . - Philippians 4:6 -7 
One of my favorite verses . :) 
Merry Christmas everyone ! 
Hope it's great for all of you ! :) 
2010 is almost over , so like this if I've made you smile this year . Then post this as your status , you'll be surprised at how many people you've made smile 
I'm not sure I'm gonna have any fingertips at the end of the semester .... 
Thank you stained glass and MST . Hello Band-Aids . 
Saw a double rainbow on the bus ride home today ! Was awesome . 
But on a sad note , please pray for our kitty . She's not doing well . :( 
I had a little bird . It's name was Enza . I opened the window , and in flew Enza . 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . 
Zoey(our kitty ) is all stretched out on my lap right now . I feel bad I'm gonna make her get up soon . She's so cute . <3 
