immigrations confusing 
manchester uni doesnt want me , dunno what to do now 
why do people just not give a shit ? is a lil respect from people you thought cared about u to much to ask ? 
today mite be the day ifinally break . i cant cope with this place much longer 
i need t get outta this house now 
Where's Russ n Ray im bored of packing 
jus wondering whos up so i can escape for a bit 
" New Zealand law prohibits any person on a temporary permit , including a working holiday scheme work permit , from providing commercial sexual services . " Well there goes that plan 
im sick of not sleeping 
Rest in peace Tony 
so bored i hate valentines day 
im driving y self crazy again , i wish i didnt have to think see or hear 
Interview went pretty well , should here back sunday or monday 
I think iv got an interview with HBOS unless te agency were lying 
I cant decide what to do 2nite 
thinkin about jilly's 2moz if anyones up for it 
i cant afford rockworld i guess its russ n raes instead then 
So bored hope jim n leah are back soon i spose i should head back to lanc sometime soon 
Whoop , finally got an interview somewhere , about godamn time to 
cant sleep , got stuff to do in the mornin to 
I need change 
I forgot how good dethklok are 
i hate being skint need something to do tonight 
language is an annoying nessacity 
woop got my festival dates 
so tired wish i could stop coughing long enough to fall asleep 
Great missed my last chance for one last nite at rockworld , i guess thats my youth offically over now 
time for new scientist and chips b4 i head to manc i think 
is it just my king of the world thats being weird or has everyones rolled back 24 hours 
Bored anything interesting happening anywhere tonight ? 
ill 
Angry , dissapointed , looks like im not doing perverts in leather now , back to work on sunday tho 
ok im up at last 
What's a wormdo ? 
If anyone been wonderuing where iv been the last week iv been having comp trouple if u want me u'll have to ring me sorry 
Im officially back in tyldesley and missing lanc already 
bored 
bored n wonderin where everyone has gone , guess i'll do a vegi roast jus for me then 
Isnt it strange how illness and insomnia can lead to something completely unexpected . Perverts in leather rally hear i come 
I finally get my laptop working again and my mobile takes a swan dive into a cup o tea , its all going wrong for me 
looking forward to tomorrow gonna have a long over due catch up , should of done it years ago 
I feel like hitting stuff , fancy a bit of training today , any one in lanc wanna free thai boxing lesson 
I really need a job 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , i did have an amazing day and i did spend to much at the purple turtle , but couldn't of wished for a better bday thanks to Nat 
We've been bored before , we'll be bored again 
Roar ! i hate my sleeping patterns , i have an early night to try n sort it and now im awake at 4 30 
food , maybe a power nap then off to find somwhere to dance in lancaster 
stop making me smile so much its hurting my face 
breakfast shower n manchester 
everyones canceled on me , anyone else at darkside tonight or am i on my own ? 
I think i need to get outta the house 
anyone fancy the pub tonite ? 
Darkside tonight 
Im actually quite nice if you dont get to know me 
Applying for the Maths HE access diploma at Bolton for january 
Argh i can get back on evony and im in the middle of trying to defend y lakes 
Off to T in the park tonight 
Damn you insomnia ! lets se how u like my insense and jasmine tea 
Hail to the Veyron ! 
Is anyone else worried about north Korea ? Theres a mad man sat with his finger on the big red button , and no ones doing anything about it . I bet if they had oil this wouldnt be a problem . 
cant beat a bit of Rob Zombie 
why isnt evony working ? 
In a world gone mad , we will not spank the monkey , but the monkey will spank us 
Looks like im in for a fun packed week working for Hells Angles at bulldog bash next month 
Stood up ! i blame the bank for taking all the money that could of gone on phone credit to make sure this didnt happen 
ROAR ! 
I mite be able to get sum1 a job for V and reading if u promise not to show me up 
Pub time 
Glasto was awesome 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHkR7ihE9iQ 
bored anyone fancy a pint ? 
Woop got food gonna go make a roast 
Equally cursed and blessed 
why cant i have a normal sleep pattern . Think these meds are making me even worse 
Back from T in the park 
I need a job quickly 
ok lets try again , anyone fancy the pub tonight ? 
I can get a job on the bar for bulldog for anyone who isnt a nob and can drive me down . Camping with the H A tho so not for the timid . Any takers ? told ppl id let them know by 2moz 
Off to Bulldog today 
woop finally get sum money 2moz , not so sure what to do about 2day tho 
I think i miss festivals more than i missed my bed 
The bubbles popped , back to reality again 
Nearly time for new Sons of Anarchy 
Thats my contract signed , starting work on monday 
Aaargh need to get outta the house , c'mom peeps 
I dont wanna think about the bad times , anyone can have a bad year 
Anyone know about any descent jobs going ? 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my Facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . BUT I WANT YOU TO LIE . THAT'S RIGHT , JUST MAKE SHIT UP . 
Does anyone know much about the cheap manc to london bus's ? trying to work out the cheapest way to get to reading and back 
Bored 
need to get in the party mood 
moving house sux 
God Lancaster boring , if no one wants to go for a drink i guess il jus crack up the DethKlok and get thru my washing 
First day of the new job over , and a bag load of D10 aquired for the game(which there are still places for if anyone is intrested ) 
Bored , nothing to do tonight 
In Tyldesley for the night , I miss the barrel , I fancy a bottle o dog 
back in Tyldesley for the night 
Globbits 
Ooh lunar eclipse on the winter solstice this year , BLOODMOON !!! 
iv got my hand on a tattoo gun its fun . Trying to resist colouring in my arms 
so wheres the nearest metal pub to tyldesley these days and please dont say Grand Central 
broken 
Jus got my months notice on my house , i need new home quick 
happy solstice everyone , hope anyone whos up had a better view of the eclipse than i did 
damn didn get the job in warrington 
feeling inspired today , doing a bit of writing 
Off to the job center when i return i mite be a florist 
hmm dunno what to do tonight . Who wants me the most ? 
argh got my cbt in half an hour n not filled out any of my sleep n mood diaries 
5jobs applied for and a blood test booked guess its time for a brew sum tunes and the lastest chronicle of thomas covenant 
thats my first attempt at ginger bread cookies in the oven , gonna kill the cookin time to sum rob zombie 
Thats another 5 jobs applied for , wish someone would jus give me some money already 
Awesome I have a job once as my disclosure is thru 
Jobs done , time to start writing some plot i guess 
OMG there's a tick live action series ! how was i unaware of this ? 
woop my shifts have changed i get fridays and saturdays off now 
should have one or two player slots free in my vampire game if anyones intrested 
Finally had a burst of inspiration n got my plot written . 
Bored now 
got tomorrow off on full pay 
damn why is there no indians in tyldesley on just eat , its like living in a black hole in this crappy town 
black russian time 
its friday night got my first paycheck from the new job n nothin to do 
Woop got sunday off with full pay now , off to lanc 2moz 
i want curry but everywhere in range has stopped delivering the bastards !!! 
To quote a good friend of mine " why has the rum gone " 
Angry Gregg ROAR smash !!! 
if anyone wants me tonight give me a txt , im working til 8 2day so i dont have to do sunday , so if ur making plans il have to come straight from work 
5days down only 7 left til i get a day off , its bloody good job the over time pay is so high or id have to kill something 
too much work , still 6 more days till i get a day off . Need takeaway 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDVsIvvFtcs 
DAMN u face book its not been april first for 10 mins yet n your already messing with me 
Bored , still got an hour or 2 to kill yet . 
Arrgh cant sleep 
well since as your all being boring i guess il go n try sleeping again , back in a bit proberly 
Anything intresting going on yet ? 
I need to decide if i can cope with living in shak even if it is cheap 
Knackerd n starving think a pizza is in order 
Why is it only monday ? Damn you time !!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSkWKyMyXJE 
Ramstad SUCK !!! 
dunno what to do 2nite , if anyones up2 out intresting send us a txt 
Time for a mid week curry i reckon 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSsvk_b3gUM&playnext=1&list=PLD1FA82221C18B253 
do i know anyone going analouge trash next week ? 
Ranstad strike again 
think i need a change of pace 
really wanna check out analogue trash on sat will anyone come play ? 
BORED !!! 
last day at work then im unemployed again 
