has started reading confessions of a shopaholic ..... i do exactly the same !!! 
has gone over to the dark side .. 
results are out early ! can't look :oS 
is looking forward to seeing 2012 later 
loves the library - I get lost everytime I go in there :) and almost expect to find hidden secret chambers , magical worlds , moving staircases and flying books haha 
signed up to some clubs today- have some gaming thing on monday , poker :) tues , salsa dancing ! the hiking club , I also put my name down for hockey club !!! I really don't know why I did that i can't play !!! oh and i'm going paintballing with the physics society :D 
wine , or no wine ? 
92% :-o 
facebook - why do you have to mess things up all the while 
2 hours of java hell :'( and just one mrs crimbles coconut macaroon . 
home at last after a very long , cold and detoured train journey :) 
has just experienced the delights of tuftys carboot market !! and got lord of the rings trilogy for just £5 -how good was that :) 
Tuesday night is chips and peas night nom nom nom :) 
that was so bad .... could they have played any worse .. 
just booked train ticket home :) - can't wait to see everybody and the cats ! 
and a whole weekend with no work - hooray !! 
i see snow :) at last , now a few more inches please 
oh mini eggs mmm nom ymmn !! :) 
less than 24hrs now and it will be over ! ( for a few months at least ) hooray !! :) 
break is well and truly over :( 
looking forward to perseid meteor shower tonight , should be good and clear skies predicted :) 
had such a good day shopping spent way way too much !! and got a new hairdo with a fringe !!... which is sort of ok 
oh maths , I wish you were a bar of chocolate , then i'd eat you and that would be the end of that 
such a beautiful day and feeling so good i'm going to start my new years resolutions today ! 
An afternoon of maths ( which i'm actually looking forward to !! ) followed by breakfast at tiffanys with a bag of seedless grapes , but first a walk in the sunshine ! :) 
start lessons tomorrow - have to be ready for 11 then work through to 12 !! -it's a hard life ... 
warmed my socks on the radiator before putting them on this morning - such a good way to start the day :) 
just saw a man with a pumpkin on his head !! :) starting to feel halloweeny now 
and it's all going pear shaped again , and now I have to be a sack of rocks that sinks someones boat 
well I've found the bottom of the bottle of wine , and the answers to the maths worksheet aren't there !! hmm where shall I look now :) 
it's so good to be back at work again and to see everybody - like old times :) 
remember remember ... 
my head hurts so much and i think im going to be sick , but im going home yay :) 
well , what an amazingly inspiring speaker . I had no idea that the economy and politics was so interesting . definitely requires more thought :) 
imagination stop now !! please 
back on campus ! all trains home cancelled until they don't know when :( 
wonders why the java book has a picture of an inca sacrificing temple on it , although it does seem very fitting and I'm starting to think may also be preferrable -and I doubt it would be drawn out over 10 long weeks 
Happy New Year to everybody , hope it's the best yet :) 
right that's enough walking for one week now that I have two ! blisters on my feet :/ 
But , I did have such a good thought while I was out - how good would it be to live on a barge boat next year !! 
Holiday time I would just untie the boat and float off down the river - I wonder how much it would cost .. :) 
new addiction ! Diggles milkshakes - malteser , mars bar , galaxy , creme egg , rolo mmm - so many to try ! 
is going belly dancing !! - just hope there's room at the back :) 
is feeling very sorry for herself after falling over and spraining her ankle so badly :'( luckily Katie Ross came prepared with a pair of roll up !! shoes in her bag and helped me hobble home . So today is a day of dvd's and chocolate :) 
Edinburgh is such a beautiful city , but a bit spooky and going on a ghost tour of the vaults and dungeons late at night probably wasn't the best thing to do ... 
Special request to all kids returning to school in the next few weeks . If you see someone who is struggling to make friends or being bullied because they don't have many friends or because they are shy or not as pretty or not dressed in the most " in " clothes , PLEASE step up . Say hi or at least smile at them in the hallway . You never know what that person might be facing outside of school . Your kindness might just make a BIG difference in someone's life !! ~ Help stop the Bullying by re-posting 
Rather fed up with these " Cancer awareness facebook statuses " . Why ? Cause they do nothing to raise awareness . The ugly face of cancer isn't some joke about bras or make people think you're pregnant- it's the loss of loved ones , uncertainty , and destruction of your body in chemo . Want to help ? go and offer to drive someone to chemo , have a chat to someone you know who's suffering next time or just donate a quid to mcmillan . THIS is raising awareness ! 
