i love chocolate because it's good in all kinds of ways and it's not artificial ... i don't eat candy anymore , just chocolate and fruit :) 
Ive dogded more than 5 bullets in my life ... Damn i must have more lives than a cat ... 
Im back . 
AHA !!! finally discovered what Mark Sechrest's mental disorder is !!!! YAY finally , 
mark sechrest is a masochist 
Im taking AP classes this year and going in the IB program . iv already started with my studies in history and making time to write down my plans for the holidays so i can stay ahead . I HAVE A GENIUS IDEA !!!!! OH and that wasnt it . 
alot of my friends ' family members have been dying , it's like it's some sort of death season 0.0 
Just finish " My Name Essay " that was easy , now i just need to get a printer LOL funny cause that will actually be a complication ... -_- 
Some things most american children hate to do that i enjoy : 

1 . healthy food 
2 . reading 
3 . learning 
4 . hard work 
My throne was stolen . 
if you are what you eat , then what makes the people who consume artificially flavored drinks ?? ... 
( not really asking for an answer , for those who don't understand my smart-assness ) 
humans know how to bring light into darkness : lightbulbs ... 
humans know how to bring life : childbirth ... 
humans know how to take life : murder ... 
humans can walk on water : ice ... 
told you it's not a good idea 2 put the dartboard on the garage wall where there's a room on the other side , mom -_- I'm going 2 apologize 2morrow 
i slept at 7:00 pm yesterday to about 9:00 am today lol i slept to much becuase i woke up at 3:00 Am 
GGrrrr . THAt women killed 1 person and was released but then killed 2 more people and only got 13 years she deserved death . 
lol upside down XD 
! NF/ ! CT ! NG P4 ! N 0N 0TH3RZ IZ FUN !!! . . . XP ... 
I H4V3 P3$$IMISTIC VI3W 0F HUMM4NITY , TH@ IS WHY I'M PI$$3D 4LL TH3 TIM3 .. IF U G0T 4 F*CKIN PR0MBL3M WITH TH@ , U C4N G0 KILLuRS3LF ... .. :D 
will anyone this year dress up as an avatar ? 
im not going trick or treating but next year i might , and i'll go as a voodoo doll or a puppet 
red , green , purple poison , give me more , give me more , give me more , stop ! 
I m4d3 4 dr34m c4tch3r :) ... btw I L0v3 4ppl3 Butt3r !!! :P 
feel accepted 
damn my rooms so messy right now :} lol it bothers me but i dont have the patience to clean it up right now ... unless i have music I NEED MUSIC ! 
have a test wednesday for world geography along with 2 papers due for that class , then for math i have hmwrk # 2 due on wednesday as well , then i have to do both my study guide #10 and vocabulary for biology , i have a art quiz on wednesday 
i still like pokemon just not as much as i used2lol i was obsessed ;P 
well i still don't have that game that came out march of08 ' or09'*sigh*&some1 freaking jacked my D.S , OH & let's not mention my book !!! u KNOW WHAT screw u guys , NO ONE ! is borrowing ANYTHING ! 4m me EVER ! oh and im not a push over in fact im very stubborn , so good luck getting home from school , cuz ur not borrowing my phone either !, dimwit ! 
yesterday i saw unstoppable , good movie :) 
id rather get a 0 as a grade than be graded for something that i hadn't put effort in yet . I refuse to except a grade that wasn't my best i could do !! 
finally i figured out those feelings i've been getting :{ they're like spasms ... i thought it was because iv gained weight and it meant i was gaining more turns out its just because lack of stretching as well as exercise ... see um i just had it 2 sec . ago halfway typing this i get them all the time .... it makes me feel like disgusting maggot . 
If i 3v3r t3ll U th4t UR 1 of th3 r34s0ns why i w4nt to b3 4 c0p , U shouldn't t4k3 it as a fckn c0mplim3nt u dumb4$$ 
has set out to conquer Paris on Nike+ Active . 
http://go.nike.com/6km2m6c 
i calculated that for me going vegan ill be saving between 500-600 animals each year , i estimated that iv already saved about 300 , in other words i would have probably eat that many within the time ive been vegan if i wasn't a vegan 
eating someone else's peanut butter wahahaha XP 
People are nice seeming here but the cops glare @ you ggrrr i get ENOUGH OF BEING GLARED AT FROM SCHOOL I DIDNT DO ANYTHING !!!!! GOD !!!! 
... flesymmorfemevasesaelp 
how come the things that scare me at first i end up loving ? 
like heights , the monster in my head , those people , being caught , danger ? 
how come the things im forced to do i end up loving as well ? 
like listening to classical music and eating organic food ? 
i've never been to much into football but I liked the halftime in the super bowl :) 
Reading a fiction book called heart-shaped box . on page 70 now ... omg its creepy cuz i was reading that the stepdad died tues . aug . 10 .. that was just yesterday .. lol 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm agood friend . MESSAGE me if you've ever wanted to date me and COMMENT ifwe have had any good memories . Now let's see who's brave enough to copyand paste this as their status . 
i have no choice but to evolve to a new person ... i know why ... it's for survival , that's all i care about now . 
just bought Cosmos by Carl Sagan , and a Guns N Roses CD 
can't see the moon cuz it's cloudy and the buildings are in the way ! :( 
i put the subtitles on the television cuz i was bored , it's set for english but .. idk it looks like martian or somthing ... like : " e . dea o . el le DCnHmkd < xSx ? /**nk# @kloh " .... what the hell ? 
the more we learn , the more pointless things seem ... 
i'm bored ... 
bored of it all . * sigh * 
when i say i'm bored , i mean i'm bored 
ENTJs are one of the most represented types in fiction , the problem is there usually the villain . That's true it seems some of the only people like me aren't even real LOL . 
nobody is perfect , i am nobody 
Just took the " how would u murder ? " test MY RESULTS : 
http://www.okcupid.com/quizzy/results?quizzyid=6329731312384827736&userid=0 
having a normal diet ; u can only have 33.6 grams of sugar a day . :) i know because a teaspoon is equal to about 4.2 grams(i looked it up ) and you can only have 8 teaspoons a day of sugar(if u have a normal diet ) ... so multiply 4.2 by 8 and u get 33.6 ... having just one soda a day is bad for your diet ( soda can have from 30 up to 55 grams of sugar ) 
im never ever ever ever ever ever ever going back to florida again , never ! 
alone , always alone 
not even a voice my head to KEEP me sane :D hahahahaha 
Ugh the grumbling of my stomach sounds just like the thunder from the rain we just had were im at . 
going to gym then getting a message later 
i want to sell my guitar so i can learn to play the violin , becuase i can still be in a band there , violin sounds epic in rock bands 
I think this computer is bugged ... 0.0 ... XD 
Copy & Paste This As Your Status To See What PeopleRate You . 1 . Crazy , 2 . I'de marry you , 3 . Talkative , 4 . Sarcastic , 5 . I miss you , 6 . Fun , 7 . Moody , 8 . Mouthy , 9 . Beautiful , 10 . Spoiled , 11 . Trouble , 12 . Hot , 13 . Sweet , 14 . Amazing , 15 . Funny , 16 . Cute , 17 . Psycho , 18 . Pretty eyes , 19 . I love you , 20 . I like you . 
scored a Medallion for conquering the Centre Georges Pompidou extra fast in Paris on Nike+ Active . 
my subliminal mind is extremely intelligent , i figured out only a portion on what it has been doing , it's scary that i know more than i think about how to survive ... just don't get in it's way . . 
look man-bitch if i wanted to watch television id already be watching it , i have work to do ! 
being germanized ... i'm learning how to speak german because i have an interest for psychology ; alot of the people who have done research and help futher our knownlegde in psychology were german ... If i learn german i can possibly get more information and further my knownledge on the subject . well and i also have german speaking friends on youtube . LoL 
i keep eating but im still empty inside i NEED something more ! something to idk know something other than food and music to cope with ... idk DAMNIT IF I DON't KNOW , THAN ANYONE ELSE SURE AS HELL DOESN't! 
..... * sigh * i don't want food !! i often don't want to eat anything ever cause i feel sooooo siick eeehhhhh DX 
"" Vegan " It’s usually associated with freakshows who are so against killing animals that they won’t wear leather . " - Tynan 
OH so just because I KNOW it's wrong to have animals suffer for some 30 dollar clothing piece , i'm some sort of freakshow D:< fuck you 
I h8 having a body cuz looks and food are such a burden ... i h8 eating cuz it goes right through me and i h8 how ppl care so much about how they look they r so obnoxious/annoying 
my mom gave me a victoria's secret magazine ... the pictures are indiscreet , just saying if i were a guy and had sexual desires i would definately steal this mag . hahaha 
LIFE- the ultimate cruel and unusual punishmentnormal punishments seem like a rewardso execution must be normal ... rewarding .... 
i have i-google as a webpage so now i can keep up with thing/everyone even on here yay :) 
" I wasn't a good guy to begin with ... 
But my mind is all crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy ... 
They got me thinkin I aint human , 
Like I came in from above , above , above , above ... 
Feelin like a airplane in the sky 
But then they say I'm crazy , crazy , crazy , crazy ... 
Feelin like a bird sittin high high " 
i think shakespeare was a good writer when it comes to the story " Romeo and Juliet " i just don't actually like the story itself . I like his writing skills but i just don't like touchy feeling crap that's all it's nothing towards the writer it's just towards romance itself ... 
unless it has book porn XD 
Check out my Morality ! 62% liberal , 38% conservative ... 
i broke mark's television , mother wouldn't stop playing with me and take me seriously ... when i say i dont play games I MEAN IT ... all i wanted was to ask how am i going to get to school on monday ... 
Just went to the dentists im glad they noticed what i had noticed . 
i'd rather die in pleasure than live in pain 
Went to the dentists to get my teeth checked , my braces should be out sooner than i expected they said 6 - 9 more months . the only time i noticed my braces is if theres pain . 
conquered New York on Nike+ Active ! 
they(students @ my new school ) may be smart .... ish but they're sooo boring , seriously they're such losers , only like five of them have talked to me . they're too dependent on another ... ya they might not SHOW it but they're not that open they only talk to the people they already know . 
but one of them i befriended who is an exception , who agrees . 
" You know your an ENTJ if : you know beyond a reasonable doubt that everyone around you is significantly dumber than you are . if anyone between you and an objective is an enemy . you feel that stupidity should be punishable by death . you argue with everyone about everything , even if you agree with them because you want to show them how they could be doing it better . " lol im pretty sure a lot of you agree with that one XD 
tomorrow i will by digital camera to bring them to justice ... ( PICTURES DONT LIE !!! ) ... ( unless they're photo-cropped ) ... WHICH I WONT DO ! WHY WOULD I ITS THE TRUTH !!! 
hate cellphones 
wahahahaha i always win , even if it's little .... i always win 
hmmm ... 
my personal best for the mile is 8 min . and 15 sec . 
< a href = " http://my.nike.com/GabrielleGilbert " target = " _parent " rel = " 3560299750 " class = " USER_LINK " > GabrielleGilbert < /a > walked 3,302 steps on 8/1/2010 . 
i dont understand why i see pictures of hilter when i look up pictures of kids and textbooks 
i want pixie stix SUGAR I WANT SUGAR ! DX 
the majority of things we've learned is just made up , in other words we ( humans ) have made this information , and at anytime it CAN be EDITED for the better , so we will NEVER know all there is to know . 
please stop mocking people like me ... 
its scary because .... its like even THEY get in my head . . . im to confused to care about anything or anyone anymore 
i'm very grateful for food i get but not rotten strawberries >.> 
to many ideas , not enough paper 
that always happens to me 
DEJA VU !!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! 
me a monster ?? nah 
i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u i hate u 
EJs - The Initiators(Choleric)They share dominant extroverted jugdementProactive , go-getters Organized Forceful , strong personalities , Have their views about what the external environment " should " be , May be seen as " uptight " , " rigid " by other temperaments(esp ETJs ) 
Likes to follow through , Doers , Directive , Natural leaders , Very decisive 
it makes you want to give up on the human race when you hear someone trying to figure out a problem like where someone is at or something when you know what the answer is and it takes them 20-60 min . to figure it out ... -_- though i just let them suffer from their stupidity its what they get !! 
Im going to join art club french club anime club and green club for sure ... 
okay so the massage place wasnt really a massage place it was a reflexologist , but i like him <3 
http://apps.facebook.com/tinychat/100001067373101 
when i was empathetic i was cruel , now im apathetic and understanding .... 
just saying it's the way she made me . 
i can't have empathy without wanting revenge .. 
ITS BEEN RAINING HERE SINCE 7AM AND ITS NOW 6 30 WOW 11 HOURS AND 30 MIN OF RAIN , YAY XD I LIKE THE RAIN ... AND THERES NO LIGHTNING DOUBLE YAY 
I HATE school ... you know what I don't care if there are kids in other countries that don't have school ... they can learn without it DX 
i freaking love blueberry waffles !!! 
i calculated that im 61.5 liters in weight :P 
how come kids hate learning a new language ??? i find it to be really fun ! but it sucks because no one else likes it ... 
the number 40 
tch .. i did 6th grade math when i was in the 2nd grade i even started doing algebra as well , it was fun :) but apparently THATS NOT GOOD ENOUGH !! ( NO IM JUST A RETARDED USELESS CHILD !!!, NAW I DONT KNOW HOW TO DO ANYTHING RIGHT !!! WELL I KNOW ..... shhhhh)**freaks out ** 
have alot to do 4 school 
i can spell the word liberate with my name 
if i were an adult i wouldn't use my family as an excuse for the laziness of not standing up for what i believe in , if i were to die standing up for justice i would make plans for my family ... all im saying is it doesn't matter what age you are that's no excuse at all !!!! if you really cared for something you would except any consequences ... 
these are the things i'm thinking about being after a graduate : psychologist , detective/cop , author , judge , and college professor . Which would you be if you were to chose out of these choices ??? What do you think I should be and why ??? I like all of them equally . 
if skype and facebook came together that would be SO awesome , but i agree with the people on the news , it would be nearly impossible to monitor for cyber bullying , i believe we could if we create some sort of good virus that can understand and analyze human behavior , and could delete or deactivate the account temporally if somethings up . 
i hear the things children say ... of any age and i realized that UR PEOPLE R THE CRAZY PSYCHOPATHS !!! just trying to blame normal people like me for all ur f-n problems D:< 
oooooo i found another thing that was a coincidence i went on myspace to listen to songs and i was writing science vocab . and i listened to a part of a song and then i looked at the title and it was the word i was writing lol 
if u sc3w with m3 , n0 m3rcy will c0m3 4nym0r3 ... ANYMORE ! 
g3t th4t thr0ugh u thick skulls , ure 0nly hurtinG urs3lf 
i saw a girl in a dream of mine ... 
later i saw that same girl in my french class , i never met her before !!! 
y3s fin4lly , i hav3 my 0wn c0mput3r , if 4nyon3 touch3s ill sh4nk th3m .. lol 
Death Time : January 18 of 2075 at 6:29 amCause : Struck by lightning . 
YES !!!! WOOT i bypassed this dumbass computers parental controls this is the computer that is not broken but made it's own administrator's account WTF seriosly i know mom didn't do it cuz she doesn't have the intelligence to set up a parental control fuck she doesn't even know how to use youtube !!! hahahaha 
but @ least i found a good proxy site finally 
damn my mom was breathing heavy and messing with a drawer i thought she was getting a knife !! just saying ... XD 
she was crying though so ya no worries :) 
im in heaven .... 
i already know that sleep is mandatory for neurogenesis but others are seen as more successful and hardworking than me since they stay up , soooo goodbye sleep hello success ..... :( i guess ...??? 
it's embarrassing doing yoga in the school hallway -_- 
this is sort of the reason i do it alone at home with no one else ... 
i thought we'd do it in the weight room or the small gym ... i don't mind being a little cold it's far better than doing yoga with people watching .... it's sssssoooo embarrassing ... never again ! but i have the poses memorized so i can incorporate those in with the ones i'll do home alone . 
WHOA !!! i deleted some things on my wall gosh it's still long !!! 
it's depressing when my mother sees all my friends on fb and tell her that they go to my school which they do , and then i look in the history on her computer and it shows facebook .. and these names of " imaginary friends " ... ha what a pathetic mistake of a mother 
Lady GaGa should've made her dress out of recycled aluminum or paper ... 
so instead of supporting slaughter of animals she could have supported recycling .... just saying 
what ? friday ? but yesterday was monday .. 
my computer can sense light , so cool didn't realize it before , when i put my hand up to cast a slight shadow the WHOLE screen dims in response ... ( not my shadow -_-) 
for halloween i want to be a voodoo doll :) 
You see a Kid abusing a puppy with a baseball bat . 
97% would yell “STOP !!! ” 
2% would Cheer 
1% would take the baseball bat and beat the kid upside the head with it and take the puppy to the vet . 
Post this on your profile if you are that 1% 
has anyone seen the eclipse yet or even the moon , 
i cant see it cuz the clouds are in the way 
i want a REAL job already !! ggrrrrr ... 
my purpose in life is to open peoples eyes to the chaos and problems around them and create order 
Me ? never be a rocker ? u gotta be fuckin kidding me , fuck i can be what ever the fuck i wanna be its not the fact that i cant be i just havent tried or wanted to be tch dickhead being famous is easy the hard part is dealing with criticsz , that dont know shit 
woah , i had no idea i was a hippie ... ya i get angry at people though i don't get it ? 
it's very ironic how coca-cola says " open happiness " when some stuff in it makes you basically cry and pee yourself from what my grandmother and i have read on the internet ... 
i have experienced it though hahahaha it just happens over a long period of time so you don't really notice until you think about it LOL 
surprised it's only 8 something 
" fear is a place to live , rip off the mask from your head , SHOW ME THE REAL FACE THAT YOU HIDE !!!... " 
I LOVE the rain ... 
i refuse to accept that im 15 becuase i still can't believe i was 13 .. 
it has nothing to do with " teen " it has to do with " time " 
damnit ! 
lalalalalalalalalala I AM NOT 15 I AM G 
i have another good idea , this time it's for cell phones ... uhhh how do i tell them my idea ?? 
anger and resentment affect health WTF ! then ill probably die today hahahaha 
i have hatred towards many things ... many many things ... 
lol i was on pandora on my i-pod touch @ school and the song from .... " Robot Unicorn Attack " was playing XD 
lol it was playing on my rap radio station wtf XD 
it's ironic ,... 
because when i don't even try to pretend i'm trying .... i get an A 
but when i do try and feel proud of my effort .... i get a horrible grade .... 
* contemplates * 
i'll put my mind on other things besides school , and try not to try ... 
if that makes any sense ... IDK 
for you its a dream , for me ... it's a reality of my future 
Wtf ... 8 already .... * sigh * woke up from an hour and a half nap ... 
need ... more time in the day to sleep and study ... * sigh * 
I NEED BOTH . 
going to study for biology test and french test now , bye ;) 
listening to Trillionaire while doing my hm XD 
i'm jealous of the kids who had a real childhood .... 
.... 
i want to be young again ..... 
grrrrrrrrrr 
i spilled hot water on myself , it feels like i dipped my left foot into the depths of hell DX < 
my damn stomach won't STFU ! DX < ( im not hungry at all ) 
and my computer keeps being slow DX < 
Lilly Dixon .... if you don't like how i talk , go deaf ... 
oh wait you already are ... hah . 
Need more music 4 ipod 
i live next to bad parents ... they're child is only around 2 years old & they treat it like it's 6-10 years old , the toddler has no idea that it is disobeying or doing something wrong ... they don't physically hurt it but they yell at it , and dramatize it everyday ... 
still people like that make me sick ..... .. . 
Do any of you ever wonder if your friends on facebook are just computers ,... i'm not talking about the stranger accounts i'm talking about friends that you know in person , sometimes i wonder if people just got a picture of them ... well idk i think i feel this way because most of you i can't physically see with my own eye anymore . 
Anyone in austin want to hangout somewhere ? 
the only people that hate FB are the people who don't have any friends , and the people who are overly sensitive pussies . 
WTFs wrong with you ? what don't you understand about LEAVE ME ALONE . 
Your the one who needs " help " , you just love messing with me ... 
I think the world is on it's period , everyone is acting like a bitch . 
i got food yay ! 
i also got vegan shoes . 
i think i have stalkers ( 0)_(0 ) , but i have no evidence that they're stalking me , and people never believe me ... damn IMBECILES I NEVER LIE i mean i don't mind to much but still ... why do people stalk ? 
When i was little i had the same voice that i have now , because i remember asking my mom why my voice sounded lower than other girls and ask why . 
i think the reason most girls voices are high than mine is because their trying ... but really now i don't have any problem with my voice at all , i actually don't want it to sound higher ... 
mother is going to get me a violin and lessons soon ... well maybe .... 
mother is " emotional " so it ALL depends on how SHE'S FEELING ... 
there's an owl making sound outside , it's calming :) 
i tried to put a brown paper bag over my head but it didn't fit -_- ggggrrrrr 
children have never bullied me that much , i think i was only bullied once or twice by kids ... the adults are my bullies ... so it's sort of hard " to go to them " ... if you know what i mean ......... 
1st person to like this , you will be my profile pic for a week . 
2nd person to like this , your last name will be my last name for a week . 
3rd person ill marry you for a week . 
4th person , I will answer ANY question for you in a message . 
i'd be nice if facebook had that mood setting like myspace 
i learned what reincarnation was when i was 8 , i feel like a little kid when the teacher explains to the class what it is ... it's astonishing how their are actually adults that still don't know what it is XD 
* snicker * 
I adore technology and computers <3 
but my world geography teacher says they came from the devil ... 
Now I love them even more :D 
I just found out I am mainly Slovenian . 
I had no idea . 
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
English TAKS test tomorrow , finally i can't wait to get it down and over with ... -_- 
i know it's nasty but i was thirsty and seeing the blood in the movie i saw in school earlier made me even more thirsty 
I hate how dumb asses type like they're even bigger dumb asses just to look cool , it's not cool it just shows that you have little self respect for yourself .... stupid mofos ... > < 
SUGAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! * drool * 
" half psychotic , sick , hypnotic " ... 
hahaha i'm whole psychotic 
I'm deleting all the people who don't type right on purpose , it's fucking annoying ... plus idk 
but I may catch their stupidity ..... 
hehehe XD 
WHEN PEOPLE TYPE IN BOLD I THINK THEIR ANGRY , BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT I USED TO DO WHEN I WAS ANGRY BUT I DONT DO THAT ANYMORE . NOW WHEN I SEE OTHER PEOPLE TYPE IN BOLD IT SCARES THE SHIT OUT OF ME ! 
i told my mom that im tired of all the stupid actors getting more ATTENTION than me !!! so i'm going to be an actor , and she was all like " uh huh " like the f-n b she is ... 
all people talk about is stupid actors and movies and they completely ignore me NO MORE will that be !!!! i will be an actor , an entrepreneur and the president of the US !!!!! 
There's a difference between stupid and dumb ... 
I knew that , i just wanted to tell you , never call yourself stupid ... because that's dumb . 
Tequila 
My hair is strait and smooth now because I got the Brazilian hair treatment done . 
i love this biology homework XD i get to pretend to make a species . 
LMFAO .... I was in the car with my mother , and we were @ the railroad track waiting and there were these carts that said " do not hump " ...... 
js XD 
" College is a lot more work than high school and your job will be a lot more work than college was . " 
..... FTS 
WHEN IM OLDER IM GOING TO BUY TELEVISION SETS AND BASH THEM .... 
> < 
I HATE TELEVISION .... 
I DONT CARE IF YOU THINK ITS WASTING MONEY ..... ITS NOT FOR ME .... ITS THERAPY .... I NEEEEDDD IT .... 
AIR POLLUTION ... IN MY HOUSE . 
the only thing i don't have is the freedom to get out more unless i'm being dragged along .... honestly i despise of the thought of having to drive a car .... id rather fly ... but once i get the car ill at least have more freedom ... from my mother that is ........ i hate driving and i don't even drive yet .... 
driving depresses me .... id rather walk 
if i live to be 33 i will get one of the best birthday presents from the world a day after my b-day 
I think work has kept that one stalker busy , but I still have to deal with the loud talkers in the balcony above and across ... 
-_- 
At heart I am a bully . 
FTS ... 
bully doesn't even describe how cruel I am . 
I'm not a bully because I don't get pleasure out of it , it just comes naturally . I don't try to be mean , but that doesn't mean I'm going to try to be nice either FTS . FREEDOM OF SPEAK MOFOS ! 
mother said I'm not getting a car , i said i'll take a cab .... 
keyboqd is srezed up ::::: no seriously1111 DX dq , n it 
If I am what I eat , then I'm VERY RICH CHOCOLATE XD 
im in between an extravert and an introvert ; meaning im an ambivert ; both , so i have came to the conclusion that that makes me in between being an ENTJ and an INTJ so that makes me a XNTJ . 
I WANT ATTENTION !!! WWWAAAAAAAH !!!! 
XD hahahahahaha 
STOP WATCHING TV !!! grrr ! 
i have a pacifier XD 
CHOCOLATE ! CHOCOLATE ! CHOCOLATE !!!!!!!!! XD 
I HATE ENGLISH ARTS CLASS ........... 
though it's my strong point ... * sigh * just like art class ..... * sigh * 
lol right when i turned on the radio " Hells Bells " started playing and that's exactly what i wanted to hear XP 
whaaaaaa .... 
I can't believe it's only thursday ! these couple of days have gone by sooooo slooowwww ............................... 
in my opinion cereal is just junk food , that parents approve of ..... 
it has so much sugar and carbs .... it has vitamins but not as much compare to the sugar and carbs ... 
oranges = breakfast ftw ! XD 
" If you love wealth more than liberty ... " 
.... but you can never have true liberty ... without the wealth to buy it ..... 
I saw an owl today ... some owls are BIG ! 
politics ..... 
for me I can't " not care " 
..... they follow me .... everywhere ..... I cannot avoid them .... 
BECAUSE IT HAS TO DO WITH EVERYTHING " WE DO " ................... 
HOW THE FUCK CAN YOU NOT CARE !... 
SOME SAY THEY'RE " PRO-LIFE " .... but yet they SAY THEY DON'T CARE !!!?!?!? 
YOU FUCKING IDIOTS !!! 
OF COURSE YOU CARE THAT'S CONTROVERSIAL 
FUCK ! how can you be so stupid !!!!!! 
at 11:11 I heard creepy long calls outside from my window , not from the owls though ... sounds like their coming from the parking lot 0.0 
hehehe I hacked my mom XD 
Actress/Singer 
70% 
Loser/Dropout/Unemployed 
Teacher 
60% 
Sports person 
50% 
Doctor/Nurse/Vet/Medical person 
Caterer/Chef 
Special service worker ( Fire , Police ) 
40% 
yes apparently " " sprinkling " my sentences with curse words ... makes ( me ) speaking Japanese " 
????? 
wth ? ??? 
" singers are the best actors " 
I enjoy walking backwards on the treadmill . 
It's a fucking earthquake ! 
It's a part of nature , it's nothing new ... but somehow people are acting like they never heard of them before the goddamn earthquake in Japan !!!! hvlsdfjhvb ; woerughwepr ; ogiuhwepoguher ! NEEKNDK @DNCKSCN 
ljvnfjvbnaojvnojnvoiw WTH !!! Earthquakes from plates moving WILL CAUSE TSUNAMIS !!!! IT " S NOTHING NEW !!! I LEARN THAT WHEN I WAS IN ELEMENTARY !!!!!!! > < 
Insomnia 
wtf are they watching !?!? 
I only like a few violent movies , I HATE THEM WHEN THEY ARE PUT UP FULL VOLUME AT NIGHT ANNOYING ME IN MY ROOM > < 
I had a massage with my facial earlier , I NEED MORE . 
yesterday I went cardboard surfing with sam and the neighbors ' kids XD 
does anyone else when your in school just stare at the clocks in the classroom for like 20 min til class ends ???.... * sigh * 
I just took the MBTI test again , my results are basically " XXTX " 
lol because my 
extraverted/introverted was very close to 50/50 , 
sensing/intuitive was very close to 50/50 , 
thinking/feeling was 66.67 / 33.33 , 
and perceiving/judging was exactly 50/50 
so , i'm definately a thinker over a feeling though XD 
" Feeling a lack of energy , she does not wish to be involved in further activity or give in to demands . she is feeling powerless causing her stress , agitation , and irritation . " -school- 
" Is disappointed and let down , feels there is no point in making new goals as they will leave her feeling the same way . " -all over- 
I saw the " Adjustment Bureau " yesterday , it was good , but i think instead of meeting a girl and falling in love with her it should have been like a hard time criminal or something like that , it could have been more epic . It has similar characteristics to inception but it doesn't have to do with dreams . 
is drawing and enjoying it :D , it's been a while since that has happened -_- ... 
I understand the lyrics to this one song now it's similar to " Hotel California " 
I NEED sunglasses .... 
I HATE school for another reason , I can't wear sunglasses ... I don't wear them because they're cool ... I feel uncomfortable when others look into my eyes ... I ALWAYS HAVE ! It's not because I'm afraid of confrontation .. I just feel awkward ........ 
hehehe I know I seem like such a spoiled brat on my wall , well I WANT to donate to Japan too ! 
If I could I would go over there and help with my bare hands ,... but I know they'll think I would just get in the way .... 
I'll be getting my braces off soon ... 
EVERY DAY'S A HOLIDAY . 
There's a difference between noodles and food , noodles are flavorless carbs that keep you alive but with no vitamins , and FOOD will keep you alive while also satisfying your taste buds and giving you vitamins . 
Rice is somewhat like noodles , it just has a little more taste and different texture .... I DON " T WANT IT !! I WANT FFFFFFFFFFFFOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDD !!!!! > < 
Tried to go to the Alamo , there were no places to park > < 
I NEED SUNGLASSES . 
whoa ... I didn't know the Moon was supposed to get close to the Earth soon , it's funny because I just drew a picture of the moon being very close ... it's like i know .... 0.0 but i don't XD 
0.0 ok so I heard those creepy sounds outside from my window not the ones that sounded like people ... but the sounds that sound like chainsaws or weed wackers . But I'm positive they're helicopters now becuase I saw a large moving shadow like that of a fan casted from the light that comes in through my window from the gas station . The helicopters will come between 7pm-3am . and they always scare the shit out of me !!! 
I'm so amazed *-* .... I had no idea there were others out there , that have SOOOOO much in common with me ! WOW I'm mean !! WOW !!! *-* 
Me : " ..... Well , I've been alive since 1995 .. " 
Sam : " Whoa ... you're really old . " 
lmao XD 
doing origami 
@kierra 
You know when you were talking about how relationships relate to the moon revolving the earth and the earth revolving around the sun 
I think you could relate a good relationship to quasars . 
Einstein believed that being an outsider is not always a bad thing , because you get a different viewpoint . I agree completely 
mmmm ... apples :D 
I HATE when people say they're bored ... 
they just have no idea . >"< , 
i just ummm .... uuuhg how do i say this damnit i don't want to tell you but at the same time i do .... nevermind * sigh * 
I love reddit :) 
When I'm really into a book and I have time , I can finish in one-three days ... but I always have work to do ... so I never have time to even start a book ... D ' : 
I have a National French Exam tomorrow ... * sigh * -_- 
It's not like I have enough to be burdened with any way lately ... * sarcasm * 
just the beginning of the end of the beginning 
Theres a reason why I don't talk to you ever ... it's because your uninteresting ( that's more of an euphemism -_-) and an idiot ... and I never wished to come in contact or communicate with you in the first place ... That should answer your question to " Why are you so shy ? " 
* sneer * naive children ... 
Yes , you know who you are and yes there's more than one of you . ^^ hehehe 
" I could've been someone instead of falling flat upon my ass " - MSI 
" She puts the lotion in the bucket 
He puts the lotion on the skin 
Or else it gets the hose again 
She puts the lotion in the bucket 
Or else it gets the hose again " - Eminem 
XD 
If there was such thing as hell country music , rebecca black's friday and badly toned and played violins would be playing there with mother's jazz ( aka way to sensual music ) . 
PLEASE ! * tears * get it out of my head !!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhh ! 
misinterpretation : 
" FB = fake bitches ? " 
" I want to move to some deserted island where I will live on coconuts , and everything will be fine , all of the time ... " 
Not taking things for granted is part of maturity , it's to bad that even adults need to learn the hard way . 
wahaha 
this fruit fly is watching me look at stuff on the computer 0.0 SCARY !! 
I want to visit ohio . 
I saw the Godfather over the weekend , I never saw it before , I felt SOOO left out because It seems that everyone has seen it . Well , It wasn't as violent as I thought it would be but it was still good . Michael Corleone is an INTJ I can tell . XD 
Wow , I looked at the bills it is A LOT more cheaper than I thought it was !! People make life sound so miserable . -_- I like the Maserati GranTurismo , and I looked up the price with Melinda and Mark , turns out it's only from $ 118,900 - $ 136,300 ! WOW That's extremely cheap compared to how much I thought it was , now I know I'll be able to get one when I'm older . XD 
DAMN , world geography projects ... they take ssssssoooooooo much time . > < I also have my science project , and also homework for math , science , world geo . and a test/quizzes in world geo . 
I know I'm allergic to apples , because sometimes when I drink them It feels like I'm being poisoned . And right now it is hard to swallow a little , cause I'm drinking apple cider . I'm allergic , but IDC . I only get those feelings sometimes when I consume apples , I doubt I'll die from it XD lmao . 
I suck at French and Math ... and everything ... > < 
Je suis precoce . 
I want to work at best buy cause I'm good at explaining how certain devices work :D . 
sometimes i pronounce english words wrong ... with the vowels 
i say them more smoothly i hate how some english words are so sharp in tone .. 
i hate how the " a " in the word " ant " sounds , but prefer the " a " in the word " want " 
and I hate how the " e " sounds in the word " tree " , but prefer the sound of " e " in the word " hey " 
DAMN , I HATE world geography projects . > < * sigh * 
Damn I can't believe it's still Friday !!!!!!!! O.o 
* sigh * 
hmmm .. 
I like that it's getting warmer , and time is going slower . :) 
I can also hear the crickets now more . 
HATE MY VOICE > < 
YESSSSSSSSSSSH !!!!!!! 
I successfully completed the project ! Now I just have the biology one that's late -_- ... * sigh * 
I LOVE SCIENCE , but I hate school science projects . 
I'm so happy becuase I got a new iPod that has the touch screen and can go on the Internet 
hehehe I thought my french teacher in class said " their best known for their porn " and I was like WHAT ! ? ! ? XD hehehe not out loud though ... 
though I'm pretty sure she said " poem " now . LMFAO XD 
IM A FAILURE . 
I.D.G.A.F. 
F . U . 
F . T . S 
someday ... * sigh * 
* tear * 
they put SO much emphasis in it ... though ... 
it's like they do know ... I just hope they don't ... 
........ 
Wonders if there is such thing as flying spiders . 
???????? 
DAMN DAMN DAMN !!! THIS IS WHY I hate my alarm clock EVERY TIME I SET IT TO AN EARLIER TIME OR CHANGE IT , IT DOESN'T WORK > < 
asdfghjkl ... 
Your boredom and my boredom are DIFFERENT ... Naive children -_- 
It's FAR different ... 
hopefully my damn alarm clock will work this time > < 
ugh , I'm going to buy that book again since I forgot to get it back from someone last year . hehehe I really want to finish it . :D 
every time I think I'm out of money , it keeps popping up XD I hide it in a lot of places and forget about it lol 
I'm glad the world hates me now and fears me , were finally on the same page now . -_- 
ugh , humans are so sick .... 
I don't like having neighbors . Just the thought makes me- * PUKE * * GAG * * cough * * PUKE * * sleeps * 
change is something I can't live without . 
2010 , 2016 , 2022 , 2033 , 2039 , 2044 .. 
Lust for Life , Love for Death . 
Elvis = Evils 
Satan = Santa 
I HATE FaceBook . 
Even if you get good grades that doesnt change that youre stupid as fuck , it means you OBEY well . 
black makes everyone look sexy 
Mother took my computer because she woke me up on the middle of the night eating fucking cereal and I told her to be quiet then she starting bitching to me why I'm awake -_- 
Damn its sooooo easy it just tales to long DX 
Is using a very good proxy :D 
I can't prevent what I am born into ... 
fin4lly i f0und 4 pr0xy th4t isn't th3 m0bil3 v3rsi0n . 
Y33333SH 
I'm going to save up money to buy my own computer and a violin and books ... 
There won't be a next time ..... * evil glare * ..... cop . * sneer * 
.. ..... 
Biology biology biology biology !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I HATE summer camp . 
the bible is NOT psychology ! DX ... it is an example of human behavior though which is observed through psychology ... but if that is what you use to understand people ... we as a human race are fucked 
I want 
http://www.shimmysista.com/Shimmyfoldover.htm 
Working on my symbol had made last school year I'm trying to remember how it was . 
Before I fell asleep i was looking up stuff on my I pod that made me laugh I fell asleep laughing later on last night I was laughing in my sleep and it woke me up 0.0 I had no idea what was going on in my subconscious ... XD 
CHOCOLATE !!!! ¡¡¡¡ !!!!! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ * twitch * 
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/maps/si_largelocator_template.html 
" Lets play dead before we die " 
I've reached a level of insanity where depressing things make me laugh my fucking ass off .. Life is so fucking depressing that it -IS- funny . 
Never finished my biology science project hopefully I'll still be allowed on the trip becuase that's a major test grade 0.0 
XD HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Made a plan to get 60,000 dollars for college . Work -_- 
" I'd rather be rich and unhappy than poor and fucking miserable " 
I love the smell of self destruction when it's not happening to me . hahahahaha 
i got a massage today , and clothes 
I love fire , it'd be funner to play with uranium though . :D 
" I had a little birdie his name was enza , I opened up the window and INFLEWENZA " XD hahaha 
Lmao XD I was reading the titles of mother's books and I thought one said " The science of getting high " I looked at it again and I was called " The science of getting rich " lol 
I love having a journal I'm glad I started using one again I completely forgot I could do that . It is one of the greatest ideas ever . XD ... But I write A LOT my notebook for 2011 is almost out of pages already . Starting next year I'm going to use the five or three subject notebooks instead . 
Bought deftones's " diamond eyes " album yesterday . :D ik it's late -_- 
Drinking lemonade and eating cinnamon A LOT . Mmmmmm 
" Hate " is NOT a strong word , you're just a WEAK person ... 
I just thought of a good idea to help me get school work done . Since I'm always tired when I get home I'll go straight to sleep at five pm then when I wake up the next day I'll be well awake and gave plenty of time to do homework and get ready for the bus . So I would be awake at 1 or 2 am . I'll test it to see how it works and adjust it if it doesn't go to well . 
" FUCK " is apparently a forbidden word I have recently realized . Which is funny because I used to say it more often when I was a Christian than I do now . I'm more attracted to it now that I see it's forbidden , I LOVE TO SAY " FUCK " ! :D 
Even if we kill all the terrorists involved with the 9-11 attacks , it can never bring back your loved ones from the grave ... -_- 
going to sell stuff on ebay 
mother makes me feel poor and powerless .... 
I DESPISE being treated like dirt just because i wasn't born in a wealthy family 
I hate when people get lovey on fb -_- bleh 
Get a room . Or at least a private chat one . 
Hehe XD 
maybe if my teachers printed project stuff on deep yellow paper with dark black ink i'd be less likely to procrastinate XD no but seriously i think that would work 
I WANT MONEY . 
My life = psychological warfare . 
I choose not to ... it's against my will ... 
I know the game we're playing now . And I thought you'd like to know ... 
I ALWAYS WIN . 
If the will to live really existed then wouldn't we never die ???? 
I FUCKING HATE NEIGHBORS . > < ALWAYS HAVE , ALWAYS WILL . 
I like strangers . Let's stay strangers . 
passive aggressives ... KILL THEM ALL ! 
DIE DIE DIE !! 
I OWE NOTHING . 
" Life is like a box of chocolates . A cheap , thoughtless , perfunctoral gift that no one ever asks for ... " 
Money = Happiness 
http://history1900s.about.com/cs/swastika/a/swastikahistory.htm 
I have very high security on my computer now . Though I need to get it checked or try to fix this problem about this window popping up saying that there was a problem opening a login application that I don't even use . It pops up ever min . or two and it's utterly annoying . I don't need to exit it though . 
raining all day today and friday here in Austin , TX 
I LOVE commercials ! 
I thought I'd never say that in my life ! 
going to do an all nighter tonight and maybe this weekend . I want to get everything done 
FB REALLY NEEDS A DISLIKE BUTTON LIKE YOUTUBE . 
They probably don't do that because they don't want sensitive peoples feelings to get hurt and some retarded lawsuit or whatever . -_- 
If you don't like what I say you can put " -dislike- " 
but most of the time I think people like what I have to say . 
I fixed my iPod problem . My iPod didn't show up in iTunes . I had to read a few pages . I just needed to delete something . And I think that window will never show up again because I deleted the application , I didn't even use it . Useless . -_- 
Let's play a " game " ... 
65-66% yay ... ish I have to make an 82% on the final in order to pass * sigh * 
If I don't at least here I have the opportunity to take a summer 1-3 week course to take to pass on . 
Evil is good if you think about it . 
I hate looking at my old work . 
[ ] I like you . 
[ ] I like your hair . 
[ ] I like your eyes . 
[ ] I like your laugh . 
[ ] I like your smile . 
[ ] I like your everything . 
[ ] I love you as a friend . 
[ ] You annoy me :P 
[ ] You're hilarious . 
[ ] I had a crush on you . 
[ ] We should chill . 
[ ] You mean something to me . 
[ ] You're cool . :) 
[ ] I don't know you . o.O 
[ ] Put this as your status so I can like it . 
I set my own expectations for myself . I'm not other peoples slave ! 
I'M LEARNING SSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH , I LOVE IT ! 
>:D 
Like " my status " and I'll answer these ..... 
1 . How we met : 
2 . Your name on my phone : 
3 . Have i ever liked you : 
4 . Who are you to me : 
5 . Have you ever made me mad : 
6 . What i dislike about you : 
7 . Favorite memory of us : 
8 . My first impression of you : 
9 . How close are we : 
10 . Do i challenge you to put this on your status : 
Went to church today , It should be apparent why . 
TCH . > < 
I don't see how leather is a luxury ... ANYONE can afford it . * sneer * 
Commit all your sins along side with the sin , " pride " , or else it's not worth doing it because if you feel shame it's less pleasureful . Feel no regret , or you'll regret it later ... XD 
Out of school early for these next few days after testing , so , you can annoy me a little more than you normally do since I'm almost out . XD 
People are TOO easily impressed . -_- 
Tomorrow is my last day of school , but It's also my day for french and biology finals ugh ... I have to actually try . 
I have never failed a class before . . . 
I learned what a " gynecologist " is today . 
I'm reading " Great Expectations " By : Charles Dickens for my summer assignment for English , I changed to having just english AP and all my other classes regular . 
Even though school is over for a little while I still feel like I have assignments to do . Ugh . I need to relax . 
" Be Good " -mother 
How the hell can I not be good , If there's no opportunity to be bad ?!?! > < 
I'm not a dog that shits on the carpet !!! > < 
Even for me , that is haunting ... 0.0 
" Peach Pu-erh Tea " tastes somewhat like cigarettes D: but the sweetness keeps me drinking it XD . Bitterness is okay as long as there is some sweet to balance it . 
Does anyone in Austin want an orange cat ? One of my friends found it hungry on the street and it's up for adoption for $25 . 
I turned my cellphone off , it turned back on on its own > < grrrr . 
" There is nothing in your room that is Satanic " - Lily Dixon(mother ) 
-That is because I'm not in it right now- 
I wanted to play pac-man , I looked at the clock and entered in the digits of the time . I clicked on the first link and I played pac-man . It's like I know but at the same time I don't know . XD 
Ya , that's real smart mother , start talking racist and go outside where people will hear you . -_- * sarcasm * 
I've been trying to be more appreciative and somewhat attached to the physical world . 
I'm strange , I have a lot of glass bottles and containers in my closet to recycle . My mom says that there isn't a glass recycling center to turn them into . She's lying though , we live in the city , of course there is one . 
She is just to lazy to drive to one . 
My neighbors won't STFU , damn > < I wish they wore a condom ! 
mom's listening to porn music again 
I think i'm dumb 
preparing green lentils , not the precooked ones and cleaning out my closet .... 
have a lot of homework .. ( as usual ) 
so i scheduled it out though out the day so i'm not overwhelmed 
hmmmm , going to see a movie tonight .... 
on my computer XD 
watching The sixth sense 
i think about the people who had died and i had cried about .... 
now that i looked back on it .... 
i'm glad those MFs are dead > < 
