loved the rain ( especially as it means that school could be closed tomorrow , thanks to over-flowing drains ! ) 
has the world's biggest collection of insect bites ... 
has eaten too much ice cream for Fergus's birthday and feels sick . 
is totally shattered !! 
will be back on Friday , thanks for the good wishes and excuse me if I'm knackered and grumpy on Monday !! xx 
is wondering whether going to the Lakes with a load of year 6s is such a good idea after all !?! ( Seeing as I get worn out climbing the stairs ... ) 
has booked tickets for Bowling for Soup in October - can't wait !! 
has overdone the holiday lotion and has orange feet ... 
thought she'd be fine when the year 6's left , but still cried ! 
is looking forward to a lazy weekend ... 
is packed and ready for the Lakes ! 
is waiting for pizza to arrive !! ( Although , of course , she REALLY wanted to cook dinner ... ) 
has been playing swingball with Fraser and is totally rubbish ... 
seems to have a garden full of children ... 
is counting the days til the summer holidays ... 
The weekend !!!! Hooray !! 
thinks the holidays are going far too quickly ... 
fancies getting another tattoo ... 
has had a good day watching endless films as the boys have gone to watch cricket ! 
is 40 and doesn't care because she's got lots of bottles of wine ... 
is home and had a brilliant 4 days with the 6s at Newlands ! 
Back to work ... sigh ... 
is very surprised that she hasn't felt like murdering anyone this term ( yet ) . 
really doesn't feel like going back to work . Why does the sun always start shining when the holidays end ?! 
has got 32 ducks in the garden and has to stop being such a pushover with the bird-seed ... 
has been to Glastonbury and feels quite chilled ! 
Hooray !! Half term !! 
thought Bowling for Soup were great in Cambridge , and wants to see them again ! ( Coming , Harry ?? ) 
is trying to keep away from everyone who's got that horrible cold ... 
is fed up with feeling ill . Why couldn't I be ill during term time ?! 
is fed up and doesn't have anything interesting to write ! 
How many days til the end of term ??! 
has been Christmas shopping . Why do I keep seeing things I'd like to buy for myself ?! 
is feeling a bit miffed at being the cheap option ... 
and Fraser are home from hospital . Hooray !! 
really , really doesn't like pantomimes and is not looking forward to next Thursday !! 
I do love weekends !! 
Hooray for the weekend ! 
How long til the Christmas holidays ??! 
is sad ' cos her cat died ... 
3 days left ...! 
Let it snow ! Let it snow ! Let it snow ! 
is off to see if Avatar is really as bad as everyone's saying ... 
is counting down to the summer holidays ... 
has eaten too many biscuits and may need to buy bigger jeans . 
Enjoy the Winter Solstice ! 
Whatever you celebrate at this time of year - Yule , Christmas , Hanukkah , or something equally as special - have a good one ! xx 
has actually done some work this weekend !! It won't last ... 
has a flea-bag for a cat . Thought they didn't get them this time of year !! 
is so glad it's the weekend ... Newlands has finally caught up with me ! 
hopes everyone has a good New Year ! 
is grateful for good friends . ( Mine , and other people's ) . 
has had rather a lot of home-made blackberry wine and isn't sure if taking the class tomorrow is a good idea ... 
is feeling very lazy ... 
has crunched her way round the village in the snow . 
So where's all this snow we're meant to be having ?! 
has had a very busy and constructive day , drinking coffee and watching bad tv . 
wants the sun to shine for a whole day ... 
has an awful feeling that she'll have to go to work tomorrow ... 
Fame for Mundford Primary ! We were on the local news ! 
Another hard day's reading and tea-drinking is on the cards ... 
Ok , I've had a day back at work , it can snow again now . 
Bridget Jones DVD , £3.99 ; box of chocolate biscuits , £2.50 ; an unexpected day off work , priceless ! 
fancies learning something new . Any suggestions ? ( Polite ones . ) 
likes the fact that extra work at break-time was cancelled , as it was more important to go and play in the snow . 
is grateful for lovely , thoughtful friends . Needed you today , guys , thank you for the love ! 
wants a peaceful and uneventful weekend , please . 
just wants this week to be over !! 
wishes she had a brother or sister ... 
loves working in Elm Class - you're the best , guys ! 
needs to get back to work as she's getting addicted to sim city . 
is dreading the " ice-breaker " on tomorrow's course . Why do they have to do that torture ? WHY !! 
is home from hospital with Fraser , but really none the wiser ! ( And lovely Christina said I HAVE to have tomorrow off work to catch up on my sleep ! I owe her big-time for that ! ) 
Thanks for the lovely cold , Elm Class . So good of you to share ... 
This term's going quickly ! 5 weeks and counting ... 
Oh well , the snow was nice while it lasted ... 
is pleased ( and rather relieved ) that the dance teacher didn't turn up for school today ... 
I love my job , but I like weekends more ... 
needs to get off facebook and stop doing stupid quizzes . 
would like just a couple of days of sunshine ! 
has got ANOTHER cold ! The downside of working at a school !! 
liked the PLAY in a DAY ... well done , Elm ! x 
had a good afternoon in Elm Class ! We ignored the timetable and painted and played chess all afternoon . Merits all round !! 
Hooray for half-term !! 
A little bit of sunshine would feel good ... please ...!! 
" Accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself . " ~ Harvey Fierstein 
Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless . 
is getting back on track at last ... 
feels like playing truant for a couple of weeks . 
had a great day in Elm Class - well done all of you , especially in the debate ! 
" Those who say only sunshine brings happiness have never danced in the rain ! " 
Thinks it's going to be an interesting week ...! 
needs to get on with some work , but can't get motivated . More coffee and biscuits may help ... 
Have we actually had any sun this year ?! 
Well done , Lisa Rolph , it worked ! Lovely sunshine today !! ? 
" If you change the way you look at things , the things you look at change . " 
Hooray ! Sunshine and crocuses - is Spring actually here at last ? ( Or is it going to rain again tomorrow ?! ) 
All you need is love . But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt . ( Charles M . Schulz ) 
is feeling happy with a glass of wine and big bar of chocolate ! 
likes the sun - it's been making people so much nicer ( well , most of them ! ) 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” ~ Maria Robinson 
The weekend already ! Two days , then back to school ... sigh ... 
I'm sure that Saturdays and Sundays go far more quickly than other days ! 
is looking forward to seeing the Elm Class photo !! 
Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's International Women's Day today ~ sending love to all my female friends ! ? 
True compassion is not just an emotional response but a firm commitment founded on reason . Therefore , a truly compassionate attitude towards others does not change even if they behave negatively . ~ The Dalai Lama 
Brilliant , Thursday tomorrow ~ it's nearly the weekend again ! 
How do I fix a 20 foot by 3 foot painting ( on heavy paper ) to the classroom wall without it falling down overnight and setting all the school alarms off ??! 
is counting down to the end of term ! 
I've seen catkins and crocuses today - maybe Spring is on its way ( if the sun would just shine ! ) 
" Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom . " George S . Patton 
It all comes to this : the simplest way to be happy is to do good . ~ Helen Keller 
is listening to Radio Norfolk , waiting to hear Liam Aspin and co ... 
is hoping all you ill people feel better soon ! xx 
“Sure God created man before woman , but then again you always make a rough draft before creating the final masterpiece . ” ;) 
" Each today , well-lived , makes yesterday a dream of happiness and each tomorrow a vision of hope . " ~ Sanskrit poem 
Uh-oh , suddenly realised a tiny detail was missed out of our class painting of Noah's Ark - the flood !! Too late now - shhhhh , don't tell anyone , maybe they won't notice ... 
" Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . " 
Fame for Elm Class !! 
thought the course was a bit boring , but liked the coffee machines !! 
“One out of four people in this country is mentally unbalanced . Think of your three closest friends ; if they seem okay , then you're the one . ” Ann Landers 
How can I get out of going on a course on Wednesday ?! 
is counting down to half-term and sleeping-in til 10 o'clock . 
" Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle , and the life of the candle will not be shortened . Happiness never decreases by being shared . " Buddha 
Nearly Friday ... 
Great start to the half term with a stonking cold ! Had to miss walking round Brandon Country Park with the Brownies ( not so sad about that as it was pouring down ) and am feeling far too foggy and stupid to go to the cricket club quiz :-( 
Can't get motivated ... 
Need a haircut and feel like a change . Suggestions , anyone ? ( Polite ones ... ) 
Forgot how lovely Cambridge was . Had a great day spending money in Heffers and watching the punts go under the bridges . 
Hooray ! Work submitted , can now start enjoying the half term , ha ha ... 
Safer Facebook setting : While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting . Facebook defaults to the non-secure setting . You can also chose to be notified if a new computer or device logs in to your account . Copy and repost . 
" I have always imagined that paradise will be a kind of library . " ~ Jorge Luis Borges 
2nd assignment back . Time to start planning the next course ... 
FACEBOOK'S BEING SNEAKY AGAIN ~ On Friday , Facebook will start using your photos in ads that will appear on the profile page of your contacts . It's legal and is mentioned in the fine print when you create your account . TO stop this do the following : Account , Account Settings , Then click on Facebook Ads , choose " No one " on the drop-down menu and save changes . Copy this and use in a status update 
Hedgehog Rescue Report : Still alive and has noisily eaten a load of cat food . I'll keep it somewhere safe for tonight , then let it go in the field tomorrow evening ! 
Husband is watching Masterchef and making worrying comments about the hedgehog ... 
What a great school council we have at Mundford . So proud of you guys and loved spending the morning with you ! 
All shopped out ! Great day , great friends ! xx 
A great mother's day - thank you to Ri Eyres , Fraser Eyres and Fergus Eyres for your pressies and all-round gorgeousness ! xxxxxxx 
" Believe in who you are . If you're always working to be someone you're not , you'll never be a happy person . Be yourself and show the world you're proud of the way you are ! Nobody knows you better than you and that's how it should be . " from One person can make a difference 
" A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . " ~ Herm Albright 
That half term went far too quickly ! 
Just got a photo emailed from Miss L . EVERYONE in the raft race ended up in the lake ! 
Congratulations to Katherine and Mark ! The most beautiful country wedding , and the loveliest bride ! ?? 
needs Facebook to shut down for a couple of hours so I can do what I'm MEANT to be doing on the computer ! 
Wow , is that really sun out there ? For the second day running ?! 
Ok , I'm ready for another weekend now ... 
A whole weekend , and a friend's given us loads of home-made apple wine .... bliss !! 
is going to join the Brownies ! 
" It's amazing how much you can get done when you're avoiding doing something else . " 
Have spent the last few hours going through my course materials and website , and the panic ( and feeling of being totally thick ) is slowly subsiding ! 
" There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want . " - Calvin and Hobbes 
has a huge pile of books just waiting for the school holidays ... 
Someone think of a good excuse for me not going to a 3 hour long Brownie meeting , please ... 
Saw " The King's Speech " at last . Great film , but hadn't better use some of those techniques or I'll get the sack ... 
Friendship isn't a big thing - it's a million little things . ~ Author Unknown 
Where's Friday when you want it ? 
Facebook's really messing up today , and has deleted several friends ' messages , so sorry if I didn't reply to you !! 
" 4 more days at school ...????? " 
Ok , so I've changed to the new Fb profile and am now totally confused ... 
Had a baptism of fire at the Brownies last night , but the girls have persuaded me to return next week ! 
Two weeks off !! Now we just need some sunshine ! 
" Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless . " - Calvin & Hobbes 
" The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything ; they just make the most of everything that comes along their way . " ~ Karen S . Magee 
Rest is not idleness , and to lie sometimes on the grass on a summer day listening to the murmur of water , or watching the clouds float across the sky , is hardly a waste of time . ~ John Lubbock 
If you celebrate Easter , have a good one ! ? 
What is it with men and barbecues ? Wouldn't it be so much easier ( and cheaper ) to bring out their inner caveman , to go round the garden banging two rocks together ? 
Sending best Ostara wishes to my Pagan friends ! ? 
Oh , the joys of a puncture on a country road , with no phone signal and lots of rain ...!! 
Great Mundford sports day . Well done all of you , especially David for breaking another school record ! 
Nine school-days till the holidays !! 
is off to spend an hour with the Gene Genie ! 
" Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference . " ~ Churchill 
" When you love somebody , your eyelashes go up and down and little stars come out of you . " ~ a 6 year old's view of love . 
" Wherever you go , no matter what the weather , always bring your own sunshine " 
A happy ending for the local duck family , hooray ! 
The great wisdom of Winnie the Pooh states : Very Good Friends can do anything together , but only BEST friends can do nothing together . :-) 
Have a good half term everyone ! 
" We don't see things as they are , we see them as we are . " ~ Anais Nin 
" Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others , but by accepting them as they are . True acceptance is always without demands and expectations . " ~ Gerald G . Jampolsky . 
likes it on the kitchen table ... 
We've had nice weather for more than a week ! " Toto , I've a feeling we're not in England any more ... " 
" No act of kindness , no matter how small , is ever wasted " ~ Aesop 
Just one more day to go ... :-) 
Great music at Methwold - well done Fergus and Harry ! 
Any ideas of a name for the little ( female ) black and white kitten we're picking up next weekend ? It's called Scroggins at the moment - must be changed !! 
is finding it hard getting back into " work " mode ... 
" A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances , but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes . " 
VERY disappointing behaviour from Mr Paul Sayers this afternoon - that'll be a 4 on the behaviour tracker for you . And tomorrow breaktime , lines to be written 50 times : " I will not shoot Mrs Eyres with a water pistol when she's walking down the corridor . " Very disappointing ... Now , where's my super-soaker ...? 
One problem with gazing too frequently into the past is that we may turn around to find the future has run out on us . ~ Michael Cibenko 
" Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter , and those who matter don't mind . " — Dr. Seuss 
really should be getting some work done ... just came on here to check some messages ... and do some stupid quizzes ... and join some groups ... Oh well ... 
Am planning my Open University degree , ( which should take me into retirement ... ) . Am starting with psychology , ( which I must learn to spell without the help of the spell-checker , ) and bringing in philosophy , to hopefully give me a degree in Psychology and Philosophy Studies !! Bring on the willpower ( and the wine , lots of it ... ) 
" So there we were . Together , but not together . And as always , not knowing what the hell we were doing . " - J.D. ( Scrubs ) . Seems to cover normal life in Elm Class , too ... 
" Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity ... " 
Just found the perfect shoes , but they're £85 . Might not get away with that ... 
has decided to go back to school , but to study philosophy or psychology ?? 
It's so nice to have nothing to do ... 
My theory on housework is , if the item doesn't multiply , smell , catch fire , or block the refrigerator door , let it be . No one else cares . Why should you ? ~ Erma Bombeck 
" No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars , or sailed to an uncharted land , or opened a new doorway for the human spirit . " ~ Helen Keller 
Chinese take-away , bottle of wine , and dvds - got to love the weekend ! ( And I'm still working on those shoes !! ) 
Soooo glad it's Friday tomorrow ! 
doesn't rate BT ! They put us on the wrong internet package and are now charging us the earth to change it !! 
Is off to Manchester on Thursday ! Is that good or bad , I've not been before ?! 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Most people won't , but its Mental Health Week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Depression is nothing to be ashamed of . 
Sorry guys - I thought the new groups thing was to replace friend lists . I've deleted them as I'm sure you don't want to be added into groups of people you've never heard of ! 
" A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words . " 
“A friend is someone who understands your past , believes in your future , and accepts you just the way you are . ” 
It's only Monday and I'm shattered already !! 
" I've been thinking Hobbes --" 
" On a weekend ? " 
" Well , it wasn't on purpose ... " Calvin & Hobbes 
Southwold was soooooo cold yesterday , but my little cousin's smile warmed us all up . 
Keep the sun shining today for Fraser's 16th ! 
" Imagination is more important than knowledge . For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand , while imagination embraces the entire world , and all there ever will be to know and understand . " Albert Einstein 
“Life is partly what we make it , and partly what it is made by the friends we choose . ” 
ELM CLASS : Have a great time , all you Lakesiders ! ( The rest of you , I'll see you tomorrow ! ) 
Have actually done part one of my assignment !! Wow !! Just another couple of thousand words to go ... 
I've decided to turn the car into a hippy-mobile and cover it in flower stickers ... 
" There are always flowers for those who want to see them . " Henri Matisse 
Had a great afternoon break , lying on the grass with the children and seeing rabbits and dragons in the clouds ... 
Bring on the weekend ... 
Scenery just about done , masks finished , lines learnt , now bring on the junior play ! 
" I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . " -- Maya Angelou 
" I may not have gone where I intended to go , but I think I have ended up where I needed to be . " ~ Douglas Adams 
Happy 4th July , to my American friends ! xx 
Lakesiders home tomorrow ~ this week's gone too fast ! 
I hate this new profile info page ! Why can't I just write what I want to ?! 
Great day in Norwich with Elm and Pine classes ( and it didn't rain !! ) 
Is looking forward to getting arty ... 
So that's a cat mask , 2 penguins , 2 parrots , 2 hippos , 2 giraffes , 4 rabbits , 2 armadillos , and how many rats and seagulls ??! Plus the scenery ... Nichola Dale , HELP !!!!! 
So maybe painting the kitchen purple wasn't the wisest move ... 
A bit of sunshine would be good ... 
" Let us be grateful to people who make us happy , they are the gardeners who make our souls blossom . " ~ Marcel Proust 
' Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving well-preserved , but to skid in sideways , chocolate in one hand , wine in the other , and still screaming , “Whoo ! What a ride ! ” ' 
Brownie pantomime : the beanstalk fell down , lines were forgotten , and the front end of the cow couldn't be found for ages , but it was all good fun ! ( Thank goodness it's over ! ) 
Lakesiders arrived about 1.15 and are now raft-racing in the blazing sun ! 
Friday tomorrow , and then just 10 school days till the end of term ! 
really wants one of Beth's kittens ... 
Manchester great , although the sat nav is lucky to be in one piece . ( It hadn't heard of the M6 ) . Trafford Centre amazing . Must get a job with more money ... 
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining , the breeze is blowing , the birds are singing , and the lawn mower is broken . -- James Dent 
Just watched " Prince of Persia " . No idea of the plot , but very nice to look at ... 
has a strange urge to start exercising , but will lie down quietly until the feeling passes ... 
Thank you for all my lovely birthday messages ! ?? 
???? Hooray !!! Half term !!! ???? 
Hooray ! We're getting another cat ! We knew we'd wear Stefan down eventually ! 
Hooray - holiday booked ! Counting the days already ! 
Rhiannon RiRi Eyres got the job ! Starting in 6 weeks at the Christie hospital in Manchester ! Well done , Ria - proud of you ! You can expect me up there for Christmas shopping ! xxx 
If we're going to have snow , it needs to be the proper stuff , not just slush and ice ! I'm thinking extra-long breaks on Monday , with impressive snowmen on the top field ... 
" We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power . Then will our world know the blessings of peace . " ~ William Ewart Gladstone 
Lovely sunny day at Africa Alive ! 
Hadn't realised it would be quite so messy taking tiles off the bathroom wall . Have accidently bashed hole through the plasterboard wall , so must make sure I'm out when Stef gets back ... Anyone want anything from Tescos ?!! xx 
Well found , Rhiannon RiRi Eyres , 4 star hotel in Manchester for £50 ! Shame we can't afford breakfast ! xx 
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't . -- Erica Jong 
Looking forward to house-hunting in Manchester on Sunday ! 
A reminder to Elm Class to bring in any U certificate DVDs tomorrow ! ( And hope you had a great time at Methwold ! ) 
Great play , fun week , brilliant Elm Class !! Enjoy the holidays and keep in touch - I'll miss you !! xx 
14 school days left till the end of term ( but I don't want it to go too quickly , as I'll miss our year 6's ... ) 
" Cats do care . For example they know instinctively what time we have to be at work in the morning and they wake us up twenty minutes before the alarm goes off . " ~ Michael Nelson 
A lovely autumn day - the trees through Elveden are looking amazing . 

" Winter is an etching , spring a watercolor , summer an oil painting and autumn a mosaic of them all . " ~ Stanley Horowitz 
" Everybody needs beauty as well as bread , places to play in and pray in , where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul . " ~ John Muir 
I can manage rabbits , rats and parrots , but someone tell me how I'm supposed to make an armadillo mask !?! 
" Why is it that when we talk to God we're said to be praying , but when God talks to us we're schizophrenic ? " ~ Lily Tomlin 
" In everyone's life , at some time , our inner fire goes out . It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being . We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit . " ~ Albert Schweitzer 
needs to pluck up the courage to start using the word " NO ! " 
If it can't be fixed by duct tape or WD-40 , it's a female problem . ~ Jason Love 
Kitten is called Georgie , after Curious George , as it's getting itself into a whole load of trouble through being too nosy ! 
Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , Holiday !! 
" So often people say that we should look to the elderly , learn from their wisdom , their many years . I disagree , I say we should look to the young : untarnished , without stereotypes implanted in their minds , no poison , no hatred in their hearts . When we learn to see life through the eyes of a child , that is when we become truly wise . " ~ Mother Theresa 
" Be aware of wonder . Live a balanced life - learn some and think some and draw and paint and sing and dance and play and work every day some . " Robert Fulghum 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . ~ Leo Buscaglia 
Hooray , we've got the internet back ! Amazing how many things you need it for when it's not available ! 
First week at school nearly over . Looks like we've got another great Elm Class ! 
Okay , so I'm actually looking forward to school on Monday ... 
Hope all the year 7's had a good day at Methwold ! xx 
" To actually make the world a better place you and I must step up and courageously change the only person we can - us ; then our little part of the world will begin to change . And one day , in the not too distant future , our little parts of the world will meet , in peace . " ~ Regina Cates ( Romancing Your Soul ) 
One more day ... 
What is it with all these HUGE spiders around ? One bit Fraser on the foot when he put his shoe on , and another one nearly carted the kitten away last night . 
... but I don't WANT to go back to school tomorrow ... 
Very proud of Fraser : an A * , 4 A's , 3B's and 3 C's . Well done ! xx 
Ok MPS , all together now : " My name's Lyn , and I'm a DIRECTOR , and we've been learning a PLAY in a DAY ! " You know it sooo well ! ( No eye-meets across the hall on Friday afternoon , please ... ) 
" Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless . " Calvin and Hobbes . 
" Sometimes , the thing you didn’t expect is what you really wanted after all . Maybe the best thing to do is stop trying to figure out where you’re going and just enjoy where you’re at . " ~ JD , Scrubs 
" All our dreams can come true , if we have the courage to pursue them . " – Walt Disney 
New bookshelves should be arriving today !! I can see a trip to Waterstones coming on ... 
" Life is not about how fast we can reach the top of the mountain .. But how well we absorb the beauty of the path that takes us there .. " 
Hopefully Anglia Water's workmen are on a go-slow today , another day off would be good ! 
" I would be most content if my children grew up to be the kind of people who think decorating consists mostly of building enough bookshelves . " ~ Anna Quindlen . 
Hooray ! Fraser got a place at college ! Goodbye , Methwold ! 
Isn't it funny how going on the internet to study turns into an hour of facebook ? I even cleaned the kitchen floor yesterday - that's how eager I am to get out of proper work ... 
Am changing my intended degree as I'm REALLY hating the psychology stuff . I have to finish the unit I'm doing , but then I'm going for Humanities with a specialism in philosophy . Greek myths , poetry , painting and architecture with a splash of Anglo-Saxon literature ! 
Love to everyone , whatever you're celebrating these holidays ! x 
Okay , so it's beer , but how boring ! How about strawberry daiquiri or a dry martini ?! 
A daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . It's national " daughter's week " so if you have a beautiful daughter(s ) that you love with all your heart , copy and paste this to your wall xxxx 
" Winning doesn't always mean being first ; winning means you're doing better than you've done before . " ~ Bonnie Blair 
Course materials have arrived . Everything starts November 6th - now I'm getting butterflies - what have I let myself in for ?! 
2nd OU course booked , and 3rd one decided upon ! How come learning wasn't this interesting at school ?! 
Roll on half-term ! 
Caving in to pressure ( and threats of visits from gypsies ... ) 
When I'm done , I'm usually starving ! 
Winter's arrived ! 
" When in doubt , make a fool of yourself . There is a microscopically thin line between being brilliantly creative and acting like the most gigantic idiot on Earth . So what the hell , leap ! " ~ Peter McWilliams 
" Why do we have nightmares ? Because isn't your brain on your side ? " ~ Karen , from Outnumbered 
Hooray ! Two weeks of staying in bed til 10 start here ! Hope everyone enjoys their Christmas holidays ! 
Why is there never a pair of amazing black , suede shoes with 5 inch heels in my wardrobe when I need them ??! 
Mundford Brownies , Scouts , Cubs etc - what an amazing turnout for the Remembrance Day service . You did Mundford proud ! 
Am ahead of schedule for everything , so this weekend's for doing nothing ! ( Except reading books , drinking tea and eating biscuits ... ) 
I know I shouldn't really , but I'm looking forward to the new series of " I'm a celebrity ... " . Got to have a BIT of mindless entertainment ! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon of childhood memories and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook , rather an invasion of memories . This is for a campaign against violence against children :) 
Snow-day on Friday ? Fingers crossed ! 
Survived London and stupid ticket machines . ( Will now always have to stand on the right on the escalators in Debenhams . ) Very proud of Rhiannon for looking amazing and fighting with people she disagreed with . xx 
Hooray - that's my Secret Santa sorted ! 
How come this 3-day-week felt like a fortnight ? 
needs an incentive to get working . 
First tutorial out of the way . Lots of nice , non-scary people . Even the obligatory know-it-all filled all his forms in wrong and looked almost human . Looking forward to the next one ( especially as the awful " introduce yourself " bits are over ! ) 
Thanks for all the " get well " messages , they sort of worked ( but now Stef's got it ! ) xx 
3 days ... 
So , it's been decided at Brownies that I'll be Barn Owl , ( and not Great Tit , as Mrs Dale so charmingly predicted !! ) 
Sigh ... back to work tomorrow , and then it'll feel like we've had no holiday at all . 
The Russian Mafia , UFO conspiracies , old teachers who hurled board-rubbers at children , Jewish family-members escaping labour-camps etc . etc . Another year around the Christmas dinner-table ... And yes , we did get through a fair amount of wine . 
High school parents evening - do I have to go ? I've already heard the same speech twice ... If she tells the starfish story , I'm leaving . 
Happy new year ! Looking forward to seeing what it brings ... 
Just 6 school days left ... 
One assignment to finish , then I'm a third of the way through my increasingly boring psychology course . Roll on February and plate techtonics ! 
Blimey - got an A for my first assignment ! I knew writing it through a haze of wine was a good idea ... 
Ok , so I got the wrong night for the meeting !! But that gives you all more time to think up excuses for me not going ... 
I hate this new photo thing ... I thought my computer was playing up . 
Decisions to be made I think - I'm getting a bit bored ... 
So that's training day over - back in the classroom tomorrow . ( How long til half-term ?! ) 
Assignment submitted , cricket club pub-quiz won - not a bad Saturday ! 
Could someone organise some sunshine for half term , please ? 
Hooray ! The weekend ! 
I'm sure weekends used to be longer than this ... 
Where there is charity and wisdom , there is neither fear nor ignorance . Where there is patience and humility , there is neither anger nor vexation . Where there is poverty and joy , there is neither greed nor avarice . Where there is peace and meditation , there is neither anxiety nor doubt . ~ St. Francis of Assisi 
and Nichola Dale finally finished cleaning the classroom ( thanks , Harry Dale , Max and Maisie ) and are very proud of Elm Class ! Well done , guys ! xx 
