i dont like face book so dont expect me to be on very often . 
Got some new headphones ... selling corn which is very boring 
Ugh My House is so cold ! 
why are people always having conversations in the comment section of a picture 
i think i broke the wii T.T if it dosnt work im toast ..... 
just got back from miniapolis the trip was awsome but the 5 hr car ride was horrible but it was probly worse for everyone else since i had 2 cups of coffee , a mtn dew and a bunch of candy before we left . i was very hyperz 
Facebook -- the place were random people spam eachother with usless status , sutupid requests and annoying app updates . 
wtf is wrong with me ... T.T ... i feel so ugly ... 
we got the wii fit for christmas and my legs are still sore from yesterday . lol 
the computer broke ... ugh ... at the library using that computer . school tommorow . ugh again . working on my reading project .... UGH !!!! 
the best part about wisconsin is defineitly the cheese .... and the cows ... cows are awesome ... 
me and my grandma were talking about when we were going to get the cat fixed and then maddie asked what that ment and i told her that he was broken and needs to get fixed lol 
im going to crawl in a hole and die .... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL806SrqLNY 
Sage LeGault AHHHHHH !!!!! is anyone else getting a notifacation saying a random person posted somthing on your wall then you click on it and nothing is there it just happened like five times . !!! VIRUS !!!!!! idk but its creepy 
my computer is fixed !!!! kind of ... at least i got the internet working .... im so smart i hoked up the internet all by myslef when i grandma said it wasnt possible ! 
dont yeh just hate eet wen people type like dis . eet bughs da crap out of meh . 
every year the olympics are on ... i find myself singing the olympic song and it starts to really become annoying .... and i still cant get over the 200 dollar toilet thing ... 
yess ... i did make a facebook page for my cati ... i do realize how stpid that is ... but i was bored ok ... he wants you to add him ... Noodle LeGault 
MY NAME IS LOLA PICKLES !!!!! ive been lieing to you all 
OMG .... just saw the movie avatar ! HOLY SHIT ! it was THE BEST movie ive ever seen ... 
WILL BE COMPLETLY HONEST FOR THE NEXT 24 HOURS . You can ask me a question ( only in my inbox ) any question no matter how crazy ït is . You have my full honesty , but ï DARE you to put this on your status and see what questions you get :) please do this ! 
Ugh cant the fourth Inheritence book just come out already .... they should totally make a eragon anime , that we be the coolest ting ever . 
yet another lonely valientiene's day 
holy crap i just choped off my hair !!!! why did i do that ?!?!?! thank god it was just my bangs ! 
installing the old original sims 1 games 
i have a song stuck in my head but it dosnt have any words so it kind of sounds like this- do do da dooooooo do dadadadad la bumbly dumba do da do lalala 
omg ! toilets cost $200 !!! why would anyone pay that much many for a fancy poo bowl !!! WHAT IS THE WORLD COMING TO !?!?! 
ugh we got malware on our computer called ' personal security ' and i cant get it off ... i dont know what to do .. everything i try is blocked by the program !!!!! this bites . 
AHHHHHH !!!!! is anyone else getting a notifacation saying a random person posted somthing on your wall then you click on it !!! VIRUS !!!!!! idk but its creepy 
If a person swears in sign language ... dose his mother wash his hands with soap ??? 
i just figured out my " come to the darkside we have cookies " shirt glowes in the dark :P 
its the hard knok life for us , its the hard knock life for us , ' stead of treated , we get tricked ! ' stead of kisses , we get kicked ! 
who wants to be my date to the dance ? lol :P 
facebook needs to let you decorate/designe/change up you profiles ... there so bland and boring .... 
needs journal entrys for science class , yes , i do realize its a little late please get over that fact , all i need is the journals . asap please . 
no matter how much you push the envelope , it will still be stationary ....... a dog gave birth to puppies near a road and was cited for littering ........ two silk worms had a race but ended up in a tie ..... got to love puns 
UGH ! Just when i thought youtube youldnt get any slower !! 
even when i clean everything out from under my bed i still cant find my cell phone its been lost for four months now !! 
If have to factor another polynomial i think im going to explode !!!!!.... i hate algebra ! 
working on a new youtube video ! 
whose going to join track this year ? im considering it .... even though i suck at running and throwing things .... i think it would be fun and i could use the exersize :P ... im just in to many other things .... 
to much gum is giving me minty giving me a minty headache ! 
i got a new box of crayons :D !!!! 
i have my baby , i know its name is supposed to be ella , but i didnt get to pick the name so i think of it as ' project ' . im praying it dosent cry but i know it will :( 
is hopeing it dosent snow .... 
Hey , here's what u have to do . Ask me any question , via message , and i will try to stay honest for 24 hours , ANY QUESTION !!! ANYBODY !!! but if it is an embarassing question , i will please ask that u keep it secret . Thank u , and pls ask questions !!! :-) 
in a hotel , in nebraska , im not really sure what the name of the city is , had a long day .... please call me tommorow ... and if you need my cell send me a messsage and ill give it too you ... car ride ( especially long ones ) are very boring 
NaNoWriMo !!!! 
i ate all the apple fritters !!... bu that was last weekend .... this weekend my grandma used eyeglass cleaner as breath spray . :P lol 
when you think about it ... facebook is such a wierd name ... its like .... a book of faces .... which i entirely irrelevent to what facebook actually is is .... 
School tommorow !!! is actually excited . i really hope i have someone on the right side of my locker . if its you i'm really sorry , cause your gonna get smacked with my locker door everyday this year for all the times i didn't have anyone to smack last year . :D 
is six feet under , pushing up daisies . 
friendships are something you have to work at . you cant expect the other person to do all the work . in fact , somtimes YOU have to do all the work . but in the end it will pay off . 
" I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known . " 

- Walt Disney ( 1901-1966 ) 
BUAHAHAHA !!! 
so i found out .. my mother is female . so is my father . i have a female brother . and my sonis also . as you guessed . female . 
aghabagha stupid internet 
this is cheyenne and i hacked sages acc . :D 
Someday , ill find someone that crunchs up their potato chips and eats them with a spoon .... 
Be careful , don't trip and fall while your looking down your nose at 
someone else . 
you regret every drop of fake blood once you have to wash it off :/ 
Comedy : A pimply computer nerd teams up with a well-built female cyborg to save the earth from aliens . In the process they accidentally kill a gay interior decorator . By the end of the movie they poison 67 oogly mothers-in-law and end up winning the admiration of their spouses , living happily ever after . ~~~~ thats a movie idea me and kayla made on a movie generator online 
AHHHHHGGGGHHH !!!! 
had an awsome week ! im soo sad its over but i had an amaizing time ! it was a great experience and i met a ton of awsome new people ! 
my uncle really did get run over by a wonder bread truck ... thats why i've never had a twinkie ... lolwat 
ive been converted . farwell my vegitarian self . 
I like to read it is fun . I like books because it is fun . I like Horses and snails . - Me . buahaha ! i was such an interesting six year old ! 
my heart looks like a potato T.T 
:O all my hair is gone !... well not all of it .... just most of it ..... 
7 out of 5 things i say don't make sense . and that is a proven fact in 14 states , 5 territories and 3 countries . 
now i wonder a carrot would taste like thrown on the grill ... :P 
i want to do somthing for the talent show but i dont know what , you wouldnt think it would be that hard to come up with somthing since i play four instraments .... 
" The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources . " -Albert Einstein 
IM HOME !!!! :D yay ! 
well , i tried on a pair of three inch heels , and nealy broke my feet off ... but it was fun and they were cute . and they made my feet look smaller and i dint think that was possible lol 
AHHH ! kayla broke my slip n ' slide Lmao XD then she attacked me witha bucket of dirty water and sprayed with the hose ! it was fun though :) ... and we walked all the way to scoops and they were closed ! so we got some doughnuts from kwick trip instead ! 
i just went outside in the snow WITH NO SHOES ON !!! wow that was epicly amaizing , now my feet are numb ! im gonna do it again ! pfft who needs shoes ! 
workin on my timeline for english ... 
so . hot . outside . dying . agh . :P 
is slowly developing insomnia . 
is bored and wants to make a s music video but dosnt know what song to do and wants suggestions from allof you but dosnt want you to suggest some dumb song by kesha or some talentless junk like that .... 
is very very bored ! 
i fail at all this track stuff .... im slowly getting better though .... slowly 
apparently swimming in an old flodded manuer pit is gross ? 
so far today , i ran into a wall , i saw four hobos , i visted some fancy temple thing , and i ate some pretzle balls .... 
whats YOUR favorite smiley ? 
going to the crappy apple . >.< 
is making pretty things out of folded paper 
is staying away from jalpeno peppers 
true friends are the people you have at least 20 ways to blackmail , but they have at least 30 ways to blackmail you . >.< figure that one out . 
so . cold . i . hate . cold . weather . grrr . 
what would posesse a person to become a mortition 
OMG ! They might be getting rid of noodle ! no ! :'( 
needs to stop playing stupid games on the computer but cant ..... :/ 
AHHHHHH !!!! gabagagrrrr ... i wish everyone would just GROW UP ! and get over themselves and the fluffly little problems . there are people in this world that have much worse problems and things to fights over . seriosly , take alook around , realize how stupid your being , cut the crap and the drama , and get over it .! 
Theinterrobang , interabang[1](/ ? n ? t ? r ? bæ ? /) or quesclamation mark ,? / ?! / !?, is a nonstandardpunctuationmark used in various written languages and intended to combine the functions of thequestion mark(also called theinterrogative point ) and theexclamation mark or exclamation point ...... mylife is now complete 
36 dozen cookies and candies here we come ! 
I had a ton of fun at the track meet , even though i didnt get to do anything . theres always next year . 
got back from advanced judging today . got three firsts and a second ! :D 
Got an eletric guitar !!!! yay ! its awsome ! 
If I had a warning label , what would it say ???? post this as your status and see what people say ! 
I love you one , a two , a three shoobee-doo 
I love you four , that's more than I can afford 
And I can tell some day that I'm gunna ' say the truth ... 
I love you five ! 
well seeing how i have like 100 friendsi guess it wouldn't hurt to ask ... Is there anyone that musicly inclined that would like to start a band type thing with me ... 
is taking requests of songs to learn on piano and/or guitar because she is bored and wants to learn some new songs . 
I had a good day :) 
hi ... 
discovered she has major difficulties trying to walk and play an instrument at the same time . 
who wants to help with my summer movie project ?!?! 
T.T i just broke the high E string on my guitar ... how do i fix this ? D: 
1324 . You are an incredibly creative , random , and careing friend . I will admidt you have moments when your in a bad mood and you scare me xD but your a great person that i know will go far in life because you may not relize it , but your a hard worker and you care about other people . 
i feel acomplished .. planted some beans and onions and cultivated some dirt ... my grandma yelled at me because i didnt plant them under 2 inches of dirt but the onions cant tell ... can they ? 
Aspire to inspire before you expire :) \n 
i have a fear of saying hi to people on facebook . o.o someone always has to say hi first ! so wierd >.< 
im going down a river in a big blue raft 
theres a paddle in my hand and a helment for a hat 
im soggy and wet but thats all right 
cause me and my homies , were real tight 
Thats my raft rap ! i had an awsome day ! 
o.o the brownie are gonna be a little dry ... 
necissitas pantalones neuveos , porque pantolones esta roto ... 
It's all cheyenne's fault !!!! just to let you know ! :) 
thinks that Facebook would make a perfect boyfriend . It always wants to know what's on your mind , it's never busy , and anytime you want to you can turn it off ! 
You Killed Thumper ! >:( TWICE ! 
cut my hair again o.o didnt turn out so great ... well , its okay , it could be worse ... 
wow .... i cant belive another year of school has gone by ... 
Got back from the EAA air show in Oshkosh . it was purtty darned cool . 
sometimes , i wonder goes on in my head ... 
Cheyenne dosnt like my elvish wrighting :'( that makes me sad ! XD 
oh my dearest friends , how i love the way you put with me and my british accent and aching feet ! 
ow ! my feet ! o.o 
is in a hotel in South Dakota , somewhere near Mount Rushmore . i don't get why theres so much hoopla over some faces carved in some stone ... going to be home in 2 days !! i miss everyone so much . especially my guitar and piano which i havnt played in 2 weeks ! 
in salt lake city , utah at my uncle's house ... its sooo pretty here , the mountians are absoultly amaizing ... 
why cant facebook get some decent apps ... they're all pretty stupid when you think about it . 
its interestiong how we can all be looking at the same thing , and yet we all see somthing different 
made a totally aawsome spagetti pie !! well , its not done , its in the oven baking ... but im pretty sure it will turn out awsome ! 
im a gummi bear oh im a gummi oh im a yummy something something gummik bear . 
today is noodles birthday ^.^ 
were leaving on the begiging of our trip , it ill be a nice 11 hour car ride :S 
there was a hand crawling around in the orange juice in wal-mart ! AHHHH ! strange things happen in walmarts in utah .... 
need some ideas for funny things to do in my next youtube video . 
halo , saya punya tujuh jari kaki . dapat Anda tahu apa bahasa ini ? i seperti keju . di lini penerjemah dingin . sapi memberikan susu . dont membiarkan hewan diketahui menggigit Anda . 
totally redoing all of my music ... its a like a music makeover !!... if only i could find the cord for my mp3 player ... hmmm 
What are you listining to right this very second when you read this . 
i was wondering why no sound was coming out of my headphones ... then i looked at where they should have been plugged in ... -.-" 
someone call me im dieing of boredom stuck in my room 
apperntly im going to be in croos country even though i can barely run -.- im gonna die ... 
is it called soccor or football ? i think it should be called football and football should be called stupidball ... 
You do not need to be loved , not at the cost of yourself . The single relationship that is truly central and crucial in a life is the relationship to the self . Of all the people you will know in a lifetime , you are the only one you will never lose 
you know things are bad when ' scaring little kids ' comes up under recommended pages . 
AHHHH !!! im leaving to day ! sooo excited ! i cant belive it today already !!! 
Eight days a week 
I love you . 
Is not enough to show I care . 
what are some good songs to go in a slideshow ? 
Finally finished the slide show ! wow that took forever . 
im destined to be a hobo on the streets of hollywood , playing my guitar on the coner solisiting money from people , only to be discovered by some amaizing person and become a famous fil editor . yes thats right , im going to make film editing as well recognized as it should be . 
im sooo bored ! i really want to hang out with someone in person ! i miss in person solization ! im sick of talking over facebokk ! BAH ! 
accedently rode the lawn mower over the crub and it shut off and i couldnt get it started . then i got it started and had to drive on the rode and almost got run over .... oh the joys of my driving skills 
i hate that feeling you get when you REALLY want to talk to some one . but cant . 
me and my typos will go far in life . :) 
drove through the tetons and yellowstone ... saw a bear !! it was so cool ! A real live WILD bear in the wildreness !! we also saw some elk and bufflo and gysers and hot springs and all that jazz , it was cool but there was no cell phones or tv or internet because someone hit a big fiberoptic cable in western whyoming ... 
My Aorta Itches ! XD silly grandma . 
why can't everyone just get along . quite honestly , just stop and think about how ridiculous your being . is it worth the emotional investment , being mad ? think how much happier you'd be if you just owned up to what ever people were accusing you of even if you didn't do it , and got along . how you could talk like normal , and joke around , like the friends you know in your heart you really are . think about it . 
gave noodle a bath . :/ he almost killed me ... 
Going to kohler today to look at some facy toilets ! XD and swimming after . its gonna be a blast ! 
apparently my grandma like to take the plastic cups from every hotel we stay at XD .. going to be home tomorrow !!!! and chey , i got spell check on internet now , so you cant correct me anymore >:D MUAHAHAHA ! 
my grandma just salted our living room ! lol 
o.o omg noodle ways 13 lbs ! what a fat cat ! 
. 
is looking for someone that likes to sing to my musical buddy and start a mini band type thing ! 
just a note to all my wonder friends from the 4-h exchange ... I NEED PHOTOS ! asap , please :3 
is bored . what should i draw a picture of today ? 
went for a run . but it was too hot outside . so i gave up . 
no matter how much you scream at the TV its not going to change what happens in the move . o.o 
just think , when you complian about oldies music , that some day some kids will be hating on the music were listining to today calling it oldies . why should the age of a song matter ? i like songs that were written in the 1700's . XD 
today we are going to a big farm and then to the ledge view caves ! i dont like te caves they scare me ! 
working on my mask for my costume thingy . i think its quite an improvement to my face :) 
owwww ! sunburn !!! at least the dells were fun ! 
i think ive accomplished having every genre of music on my computer . 
traveled through a magical forest today and got eaten alive by mosquitoes and scratched to death by prickly trees and shrubs . 
AHHHH !!! im leaving tommorow !! TOMMOROW !! im so excited ! EEK !! 
i absolutely despise metronomes . >:( 
ily ily ily <3 <3 <3 
suuu ... who wants to be my trick-or-treating buddies and scare the pants off some candy craving munchkins ! your all welcome to join me ! haha >.< i need a life 
my grandma says the best part about getting old is being able to see the same movie over and over , and having it be like watching it for the first time , 
wow . im actually excited for school . 
made some blueberry muffins ^.^ i got all frustrated with the stupid paper muffin cups . would share them with all of you but i dont think i have enough . 
i fell on my piano , and wrote a song . ^.^ 
is going to become the dictator of a small island country called Coplanar ( pronounced co-plan-are ) that has a main export of pineapples . nothing beats Coplanarian pineapples ! :D 
looked through 2000 pictures today , and im only going to use about 300 . 
Just got the book Mockingjay !! <3 yay ! and i ran over a cucumber with a shopping cart :o 
Do you listen to me sleep ? must . close . door . \n 
Piano !?! pfft . i can't play piano ! 
is contemplating the ways of the world 
AHHHH !!!! stupid hay fever ! GO AWAY !!! T.T 
sold 50/50 raffle tickets at the Kauakana races . i sold the winning ticket ! and the guy gave me $20 :D !!!!! 
made some blueberry muffins ^.^ i got all frustrated with the stupid paper muffin cups . i would share them with all of you but i dont think i have enough . 
gonna go out to the lake and possibly go water skiing ! super excited ! 
only $879 more to go . -.- this is gonna take forever ! 
I'm so waffle . 
got back from the state fair . i ate a cream puff ! ^.^ 
how much money would you pay for an extra hour of sleep in the morning ? 
just to let everyone know monique was on my facebook before which explains all the wierdness . 
#666 , you are an amazing and fun person to be around , full of laughs and smiles . sometimes you let little things get to you and bring you down , but your so much better than that . remember to hold your head up high and be proud of who you are because i think you are an awesome friend that's a lot cooler , smarter , and funnier than you take yourself for . 
o.o i break everything that i touch , or i fall over it first . 
stupid Liebestraum . 
hi 
hi im sage and im super awesome .. :) whats your favorite cheese ??? 
hi . my friends are spamming facebook over my account . sorry . this is what happens when i leave my facebook page up . 
hi .. 
what happens when you turn a upside down cake upside down ? does it become a right side up cake ? 
stapled my thumb :D wow ! i just keep getting more and more coordinated .... -.- 
still feels bad about making the little girl run out of the bathroom . all i did was try to say hello . :( 
when you throw chestnuts in a fire . they explode :D 
thanks you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday ! it was much appreciated . 
YAY !!! i can text now ^.^ yall should text me lol . 
my grandpa walked up behind me while im on facebook and asked me what all the squares were i said people . he asked who . i said my friends . he asked where they were . i said in the squares . the look he gave me was priceless . gotta love old people with computers . true story . 
hi . 
should really wear shoes more often 
rotate the p . turn the p . put a black dot on top of the p . 
santa , i would like a green screen and some wall space for christmas , since i seem to be lacking both . 
hi .... 
HELLO SAGE I KNOW YOUR PASSWORD LUV KAYLA !!!! HEE HEE HEE 
SAGE YOU FORGOT TO LOG OFF OF FACEBOOK AT MY HOUSE !!!!! HA HA LOVE KAYLA :) 
is stalking random people around the world using google street view ! lol 
I just sniffed a telephone pole 
my grandmother just had a mental break down because she couldn't find the sauerkraut , and i almost died of laughter . god i love living with old people ! 
Noodle Ate My Headphones >:( meany 
may the force be with you 
woah ! i discovered a new hidden talent of mine ... drawing in paint !!! im amazing xP 
a day without music , is like a year without sunshine . 
me and chewbacca are getting married ! wait what ! 
" everythings funnier at 2 a.m. " me " but its only 11:13 ! " Chey\n 
why on earth would someone steal just a right shoe ? what , do they have something against left shoes ? LOL just my luck ... 
I'm pretty sure that blue cheese was mozzarella a week ago o.o 
went black friday shopping for the first time ever ! it was intense ! i've never seen someone get so angry about a shopping cart in my life ! 
Do you know why they call us ' friends ' because its nicer than calling us ' those 2 weirdos ' 
to think there once was a time when the sun would not shine , and the moon was nothing but a ball of cheese ... the wind would blow , and in the summer the snow would glow . that brought the thoughtful thinking for a world of peace . 
Watashi ga kowarete irunode , watashi wa atarashii pantsu ga hitsuy ? desu . 
Kore wa , nagai sh ? matsu ni okonawa reru yoteidesu . :( Nani o okonau no 
wa nani mo nai ... 
i really really wonder where my glasses went ... i haven't seen them in like a year ... 
-insert dramatic and depressing facebook status here- 
I dream of cheyenne . that means i miss her . \n Sage ? 
nothing helps wake me up and keep me motivated to write a horrid English paper than a big mug of hot coco ^.^ 
Had a great weekend visiting with family and eating ( possibly to many ) Christmas cookies :) piano recital tomorrow that i'm not ready for . Kayla Giese i promise to turn the pages for you if you continue letting me borrow your pencils . 
okay okay ... so everyone is doing this crazy number thingy and i guess ill jump on the band wagon and join in .... so sends me some numbers ! 
-classical music on radio- Me : Oh ! I love this song ! Kayla :D o you know all the words ? Me : -facepalm- 
apparently the ' because i said so postulate ' is not a valid answer :( 
I am super awesome and cool .. and i dont even know this is my status . :) \n -Miss Murder 
is looking forward to seeing how we're going to manage finding seating for 32 people to eat tomorrow ! :) 
wonders why Cannon in D is written in F ? maybe i got a defective copy ? 
duct tape really does fix everything ! it even holds your reed to your mouth piece ! wow ... its been a long day o.e 
great , i'm stuck in my room for the next few hours while theres an old people party going on . :/ 
someone tell me what so great about texting , cause honestly , i don't get it . 
Wow ! Is that a purple orange ? 
Tis the season for fat hairy guys , screaming children . 
I just ate some world champion cheese ! Oh yeah ! I'm cool ! 
you know you like it 
