nagiisip ako !!! 
daydreaming ... 
books !!! 
paniiic !! 
boring naun . init pa . tss . 
boored . : i 
day dreaming ... zzZ sama ka ? haha 
hell week na next week . waah . 
the right thing n't always real obvious . sometimes the right thing for one person is the wrong thing for someone else . soo ... good luck figuring it out . 
kamusta naman ?? 
miss ko na ang hs mehn ! haha . 
can't wait na makasama mga friends !!! haha . 
pamatay ang week na to !! tss . 
where are you now ? coz i'm thinking of you .. 
hay buhay .. 
14 hrs nlng .. hay . :) 
balik na kung balik .. tss .. 
haha . pati si kiko sikat sa fb ? @ ! *& 
merry christmas . :)) 
-3- one at a time two invisible thread three words ahead an endless night of crime sleeping in bed 
du du du dut dut petville ! haha . 
" Someday you're gonna find the answers . To all the things you've become and all they've done . At your expense . Someday it's gonna make sense . " -its gonna make sense , mltr -haha gusto ko to . :D 
-an opened letter- find time to reread my letter . a vision of truth and of anger . believing might be a deception of coins . your treasured ignorance of that sort . like a letter that you opened . that is literally not yours . 
waaaaah 
-falling- it was like falling into the deep abyss . remembering how dark life is without a light . can't sleep with all those nightmares coming back . like a dead coming back to life . breathing and drowning in the heavy water . fleeing away from the world of laughter . crying until my eyes went dead . sleeping until insomnia attacks my head . will you forgive me for giving you a pain in the head ? 
ano ang nasa isip mo ..? 
back to normal na ba ?? 
say what you need to say before it's too late ... 
if you are alone , i'll be your shadow . if you want to cry , i'll be your shoulder . if you're not happy , i'll be your smile . if you need me , i'll always be there . 
sakit na ng ulo ko . :s 
* sigh * : i 
haaay . buti na lang . nyaha . 
life goes on . na nan na na ... :)) 
But drenched in vanilla twilight . I’ll sit on the front porch all night . Waist-deep in thought because . When I think of you I don’t feel so alone . - vanilla twilight , owl city 
-curious roses- what they say , it doesn't matter . as long as you have this one special thing . as long as you know you're doing it for something . pride will close its doors . new fingers will touch yours . look pass those stupid daisies . you'll see a dozen curious roses . laying its hand for you . finding time just to be with you . curious roses . please , let me know if it's you . 
-curious roses 2- What they say , it doesn't matter . As long as you have this one special thing . As long as you know you're doing it for something . Picture a scene of the sea . Wait me until September three . Call a thousand graceful fairies . Tell them to tell fascinating stories . I’ll be thinking of you and I’ll . Find time ... just to be with you . Curious roses . Please , let me know if you’re here for sure . 
i have to see how the story ends ... 
-jigsaw- find the missing part of a jigsaw puzzle . it might be somewhere , look harder . it might be hidden somewhere in your drawer . or you might have lost it while walking farther . worry about it while it isn't over . because i'll throw it away if i find it later . so you would find me instead of that stupid puzzle . 
... * sigh * sana bakasyon na . para kasama ko na mga friends kooooo !!! tas shot na ! haha . joke . > x ) 
move on , but don't move away . 
compromise rather than confront . 
-tulog- Tumatakbo ang kahapon . Umuurong na ang mga alon . Luluhod pa ba ang mga dahon ? Oras di sinasadyang matapon . Gabing wala ng pag-asang bumangon . 
lahat ng nawala ay MAY kapalit PERO di lahat ng kapalit ay KATUMBAS ng nawala sa'yo . IIBAHIN lang nito ang bagay na pinahalagahan mo , BABAGUHIN lang nito ang takbo ng buhay mo pero HINDI para palitan ang bagay na nagpapermanente ng PAGKATAO mo . -mj 
breathing .. 
-curious roses 3- Listen . What they say , it doesn't matter . As long as you have this one special thing . As long as you know you're doing it for something . Then maybe these roses won’t be curious anymore . 
If you don't like something change it ; if you can't change it , change the way you think about it . 
happy valentine's day ... bukas !!! :)) 
even if you're on the right track , you'll get run over if you just sit there . - william rogers 
they say bad things happen for a reason but no wise words gonna stop the bleeding . - break even , the script 
pag may tiyaga ,... GOOOD LUUCK !!!! hahaha 
human philosophy : why do we always reject those who loves us and love someone who doesn't love us in the first place ? answer : unconsciously , we enjoy being hurt .. 
Cos if one day you wake up and find that your missing me , And your heart starts to wonder where on this earth I can be , Thinking maybe you'd come back here to the place that we'd meet , And you'd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street . 
-insomnia- di makatulog kinakabahan baka mahulog sa hinihigaan magigising walang pakiramdam parang lasing katinuan nasaan ? 
if you can smile when things go wrong , you have someone in mind to blame . 
-hangin- para kang hangin . hindi ko makita . but why am i still hangin' ?. please give me a good reason why . 
ilang days na lang . :( 
it is good to hane an end to journey trowards , but it is the journey that matters in the end . 
" frank : how do you know i'll come back ? 
carl : look .. frank , nobody's chasing you . " 
-catch me if you can 
nothing ... 
overtime . :| 
i told you so . :| 
so kailangan talaga magsisitalon sa tuwa sabay yakap sakin dahil naprint ko ng maayos ung pinaparint niya ..? hahaha . kalokang costumer oh . o_O ? 
chicken pox . :( 
" doubt thou the stars are fire ; doubt that the sun doth move ; doubt truth to be a liar ; but never doubt i love . " 
sick . day 4 . :( 
hakuna matata . :D 
nakakainis magrefill ng ink ng printer !!! :| 
" looking at a crowded street . listening to my own heart beat . " 
mas enjoy pa rin magbasa na ang kaharap mo e ung libro talaga .. 
hindi ung nakapdf lang at kaharap mo e computer . :| 
" nothing is bad or good , but thinking makes it so . " -william shakespeare 
" just because you deserve this doesn't mean they're gonna give it to you . sometimes you gotta take what's yours . " -coach carter 
one flew over a cuckoo's nest . :D LOL 
" all my life i've been good but now . i am thinking what the hell . " 
ganda ng moon ngayon . :) 
good evening . 
whatever it takes . 
ice cream . :))) 
anna molly . 
8 days na laaaaang . 
moving on . :) 
ohana means family . family means NOBODY is left behind . :) 
La dolcezza di non fare niente . * with hand gestures * xD 
" The only thing more unthinkable than leaving was staying ; the only thing more impossible than staying was leaving . " 
" color my life with the chaos of trouble . " 
bakit may mga taong nakita na't binasa ( na out loud ) ung presyo ng ice cream sadyang makulit pa rin . tatanungin pa uli sa'yo kung magkano . sarap pilosopohin e no ? >:))) 
ho fame ! :s 
500 days of summer . :) 
" kindness , like a boomerang , always returns . " :) 
pwede magpaskil ng LUNCH BREAK BAWAL PUMASOK ( kasi gutom na ko ) ..? >:))) 
LUNCH . sa wakas . >:) 
good things come to an end because better things are yet to come . :) 
7 months din tayong nagsama . </3 
genarjs . emo . HAHA . 
sana umuwi na ang mga costumers paraaaaaa makaTUUULOOOOOG na ako . HUHU . :( Z_Z :/ HAHA . 
july 7 . one month ko na dito . haha . 
finally .. :)) 
" .. a true king considers the advice of counsel BUT always listens to his heart . " -Prince of Persia 
" Minsan kahit ikaw ang nakaschedule , kailangan 
mo pa rin maghintay , kasi hindi ikaw ang priority . " -Bob Ong 
mj : di mo ba napapansin ? anne : na 7:21 pm na ? mj : HINDI !!! hindi mo ba napapansin . anne : gusto mo ng umuwi ? tala : uwi na kayo ? anne : syempre hindi . uwi kami ng mga 9 ... 9am bukas haha . mj : pwede rin . haha . ( simulan na uli ang takas-overnight ! ) 
tired . 
if one dream should fall and break into thousand pieces , never be afraid to pick one of those pieces and begin again . 
-confession- di na kita pakikinggan . di na kita iisipin . di na kita kikibuan . di na kita papansinin . di na kita hihintayin . di na kita babalikan . lalong di na kita iiyakan .. mamimiss din siguro kita . pero kakayanin kong kalimutan ka .. 
-coffee- buried underneath the ripples . is the warmth of comfort that surrounds the cold night . above the sleet of tasteful smoke . is a medicine that made me drown into you . 
lost in thoughts . 
" when you change the way you look at things , the things you look at change . " –wayne dyer 
The happiest people don't have the best of 
everything . They just make the best of everything . Love generously Care 
deeply Speak kindly Leave the rest to God . 

good day . :) 
" whatever tomorrow brings i'll be there ~ 
with open arms and eyes ~ ( yeah ~ ) 
whatever tomorrow brings i'll be there ~ 
i'll be there ~~" 
-drive , incubus 
good night ! :DD 
is happy . :) 
good night . :)) 
praning . O_o 
" Lahat naman ng tao sumeseryoso pag tinamaan ng 
pagmamahal . Yun nga lang , hindi lahat matibay para sa temptasyon . " -Bob 
Ong 
" it's worth a lot not the most . " 
Aster Cadang Kayla Nayal Krissen Agustin Jireh Chanpreeya Ferrer antagal niyo magbakasyon friends .. kailangan ko ng happiness . haha . nakaplano na lahat . ( tas sa sobrang excited ko . hindi nanaman natuloy ? haha sana wag naman ) reunion ? let's make it happen THIS TIME . :)) 
" When you wish upon a star . Makes no difference who you are . Anything your heart desires . Will come to you . " :) 
happy easter sunday . 
aw . tas ko na panoorin Dear John . :))) 
ang secret para lang sa dalawang tao . minsan para sayo , minsan HINDI para sayo at KUNG hindi nga para SAYO sori ka na lang kasi para samin to . >> :P 
" no secret is worth keeping if it means somebody will get hurt .. " -seiji , midori days 
nakakatakot magtiwala sa " hinala " at " akala " . 
summer na KASO sobrang boring naman . :/ gusto kong umalis , lumayo , bumagyo at makarating sa SPM . haha . wala lang . XP 
sana naman ung pinapaencode naiintindihan ko yung sulat . tss . :\ 
pain let us realize the things that we don't realize when we're happy . 
save the best for last . :)) -i miss this line . 
you are only what you are when no one is looking . 
maraming bagay ang hindi natin maintindihan pero pag nangyari na sayo malalaman mo .. 
good night . :) 
" now you're asking me to listen because it worked each time before .. " 
i feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeel good . :) 
I’ve found out a reason for me 
To change who I used to be 
A reason 
to start over new 
and the reason is you .. 
small world . :))) 
Truth 
is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth 
suffering for . " -Bob Marley . 
inspired . :) 
lahat ng bagay ay TAMA at MALI . ang gagawin mo na lang : piliin ang mas tama at iwasan ang mas mali . 
Humility and inner peace go hand in hand . The less compelled you are to prove yourself to others , the easier it is to feel peaceful inside . 
wala lang . marami lang laman utak ko ngayon . HAHA . :DD 
mnsan my mga klangan munang mngyari bago mngyari ung mga bgay2 na gusto nting mngyari . tnuturuan lng tau ng tadhana na wag mging excited ( prang ntmaan aq dto . XP ) ksi pg lging excited ... MALAS !!! the trick ? qnwari d kna lng excited pra mtuloy na . :D -HAHAHA . buti natuloy ung ubernyt :)) d nga lng ntuloy mgtent sa rooftop nila ter . wahaha . cno ba ksi naexcite nun ?!! 
parang mga pasahero lang tayo ng jeepney . tsambahan lang na magkasakay tayo sa parehas na biyahe . tsambahan lang din kung magiging magkakilala tayo . at tsambahan lang din kung magkikita uli tayo . :D 
gusto ko magkaroon ng sariling copy ng tuesday with morrie . ayoko ng hiram . :)) 
waah .. i love coffee ! pngalawa ko na to . xDD 
gandang hapon . :)) 
-dito- wala man ako lagi sa paningin mo kapag meron sila na magpapasaya sa’yo , meron naman ako kung sakaling unan na lang kayakap mo . hm . namiss ko tong mga to . haha . nasa fs pa pla . :) 
ganda ng gospel kanina . parang psych lang . :) depression/problem etc .? solution : ( process ) awareness -> recognition -> acceptance -> decision -> action = ( result ) inner peace/happiness 
Looking 
into your eyes I can see beauty , looking into your soul I can see 
passion , looking into your mind I can see intelligence , but looking into 
your heart I can see the world . :) 
if you can't get to be oncommon through going straight , you'll never get to do it through going crooked . -great expectations , charles dickens 
" you're blinded by hatred . " 
Aster Cadang Krissen Agustin yow ! oi . haha . postpone uli ung july . haha . xenxa pabago2 ako ng isip . may bagyo utak ko . haha . may work NA kasi AKO ngayon friends . madadali ung july . huhu . nagstop ako . wahahahahahaha . ( natuwa ? ) anyway , may next time pa . ( uli ) haha . V^^ , 
" .. and if you don't believe me . just put your hands on me . " 
hindi lahat ng natutunan mo , nakakabuti sa'yo . 
tongue tied . xp 
5 , 4 , 3 , 2 ... -- zzZ 
won't give something away just like that . >:DDDDDDDDDDD 
Everything will be okay in the end , if it's not okay , 
it's not yet the end . 
loves keeping things that have SENTIMENTAL VALUE . ? 
: J 
may tama ka , may tama rin ako . may mali ka , may mali rin ako . quits lang tayo dba ? ibig sabihin lang nito na may PUNTO ka at may PUNTO rin ako . 
saka na . tinatamad pa ko .. xp 
" trying hard to control my heart . i walk over to where you are . " 
rapunzel : " what if it's not everything that i dreamed it would be ? " 
eugene : " it will be . " 
rapunzel : " and what if it is ? what do i do then ? " 
eugene : " well , that's the good part , i guess . you get to find a new dream . " 
-tangled 
" Alam mo ba kung gaano kalayo ang pagitan ng 
dalawang tao pag nagtalikuran na sila ? Kailangan mong libutin ang buong 
mundo para lang makaharap ulit ang taong tinalikuran mo . " -Bob Ong 
may nagsabi saken nito . haha . : " ganda po ng mga post mo . " SALAMAT ! :) 
" just because we don't say certain things doesn't mean we don't feel them . " 
dear boredom , please go away . : l 
problem solved ! ( buti na lang .. ) :D 
as long as there are good friends who taps your back for all the cute and sweet concerns heartbreak will just be an ant bite . - kim . :)) 
ayoko na sa past . dito na ko sa present at wag muna sa future . :)) 
" It's disappointing to know that someone can see right through you . " 
— Jodi Picoult ( My Sister's Keeper ) 
( 1 of 2 ) minsan nakakalimutan nating mahalin ang sarili natin lalo na pag my mnamhal tayo . ung naiipon mong pgmmhal pra sau nppunta sa mhal mo kc nga mhal mo e . nkasentro lhat skanya . pro kya mo pa kya xang mhaln pg wla ng ntra pra sau ? kya pa cguro pro dpat bago mngyari un , may 1 .. 2 .. o hgit pa sa 3 ang reserba mo . pra ung na ... ipon mo pra sau na nppunta sa knya ay my kpalit . ndi ka mauubusan . 
( 2 of 2 ) pnagiipunan ang mga bgay2 . my proseso ito kasi di ka nman mkkpagbgay ng bgay na wla ka db ? 
" The truth is , you don't get satisfaction from those things . You 
know 
what really gives you satisfaction ? ... Offering others what you have to 
give . " 
( 126 ) - Morrie 
i think i have .. 
life is just beautiful . kahit di perpekto . :) hay . 
ang isang tao kapag may hindi naexperience before , kapag nagkaroon ng chance , gagawin niya lahat ngayon . ang nakakalungkot kapag wala na ngang chance binabalewala pa ng ibang tao ang nangyayari tuloy gagawa siya ng mga bagay para masatisfy ang needs nya hanggang wala na siyang pakialam sa iba . 
Aster Cadang Krissen Agustin Joanna Marie Tumaneng Kayla Nayal Xtal Agustin " .. remind me that we'll always have each other . when everything else is gone . " :) namiss ko ung overnyt kna aster . haha . XD 
the way you are is not the result of what has happened to you . It's the result of what you decided to become after everything that has happened . - keith :) 
pati yung edward scissorhands . 
sana okay na mamaya . 
good night . :) bukas naaa . haha . 
" .. i feel so lifted . " 
tss . feeling ko magkakasakit ako . :s 
mamimiss ko mag-aral ... :( 
anyway , ganun talaga . things change for a greatER reason . 
everything is falling into places again .. a sign of relief . :) 
" .. it will always be worth it . " :) 
merry christmas . 
" i heard you .. " 
" When things go wrong 
It’s the perfect chance to stand strong 
Because 
I know I’m not alone in blaming Drew’s ? cancer . " 
-paul dateh , blame drew's cancer 
gandang tanghali ! :D 
eat well . 
sa mga oras na ganto .. kailangan ko ng LIBRO . :( 
unbreakable vow . 
hindi lang naman " change " ang permanente sa mundo . marami pang iba . kung ano man yung mga yun ? simulan mo nang alamin . :)) 
iit takes two to believe .. 
you gotta fight your bad days , to deserve your 
best days . 
shocks . tapos na ... :( ulit . ulit ! ULIT ! HAHAHA . >:DD 
freerunning . 
-speaker- wala akong marinig . pero nabibingi ako . kahit gusto kong pakinggan . hindi ko naman maintindihan . nilakasan ko na nga . parang balewala . dahil ba naka-off yung radyo o akala ko lang na merong radyo ? 
" .. but i left a one big WHAT IF behind . and i knew that someday i have to go back and find out the answer . " -stay cool 
The first step to healing is not a step away from the pain , but it is a step towards it . 
:) gandang tanghali . 
-tubig- kahit saan ka naman magpunta . pwede ka . walang bawal . walang pipigil . pero hindi lahat ng pwede mong puntahan . doon ka lang . hindi , kasi hindi ka naman nahahawakan . 
" One must learn to love oneself before one can learn to love others . " 
the same , just better . :D 
-empty- 
empty like space . in a cold forgotten world . 
space like distance . covers the ultimate truth . 
distance like parallel lines . torturing the heart . 
parallel lines like you and me . we cannot meet for a while . 
>> example ng SIMILE . smile . :) haha . 
security blanket . 
ay inaantok na . zzZ 
" It’s the same damn things you're so quick to believe . 
You 
do it over and over again . 
And it’s the same mistakes that I’m 
watching you weave . 
You do it over and over again . 
So before 
they bring you down . 
You gotta stand for something or you’ll fall 
for anything . ~ " 
-the script , fall for anything 
okay na uli ako . :) thanks Jireh Chanpreeya Ferrer 
:) na ! 
i think the one lesson i have learned is that there is NO substitute for PAYING ATTENTION . 
Aster Cadang Astra Cadang Kayla Nayal ingat sa pag-akyat friends . salamat ! tae !! di ko kayo xado nakasama . sensya sa mga alam nyo na .. haha Krissen Agustin ingat naman sa pagbaba . haha . oyyy ! secret . 
blue na palanggana , " di lang ikaw " , pinyacolada , **** , overnight , *** , white(kiten&kay ) , black(dyosa&mae ) , orange(kim&ako ) , rooftop . 
>:D 
parang naulit tong araw na to ? oh inaantok pa tlga ako . haha 
if 
you want it , make it happen . 
" ... virtues are friendliness , the mean between flattery or 
obsequiousness and quarrelsomeness ; truthfulness , the mean between 
boastfulness and self-deprecation and with , the mean with regard to 
humor and amusement . " -- Aristoteles , The Ethics of Aristotle 
Promises are never made to be broken , they might be postpone but they shall be done . 
i love this day . ~ ~ :DD 
keep doin what you've always done , you will get what you've always gotten .. change requires a serious look into your own self 
" .. now it's turning blue . " 
? if you love someone , put their name on a circle 
instead of a heart because hearts can break but circle go on 
forever .. ? 
ang buhay parang test na multiple choice . A , B , C , or D lang . PERO kung pakiramdam mo mali lahat .. isulat mo ang E or ilagay mo ang tamang sagot . AT kung mali man ? haha . eh di itama mo . kaw din lang naman ang studyante at teacher ng buhay mo . :) 
aww . ang ganda ng stay cool . :3 
geeeeed . inaantok ako . -_- 
is sad . 
can't wait to ... XD 
" what do you want from me ? " 
heaven knows .. :)) 
goodbye to you little optimistic sorrow . 
im gonna throw you away . 
i must see my tomorrow . 
" life is what happens when you're busy making other plans . " 
" .. you should have known oh . now i'm done believing you . you don't know what i'm feeling . " 
" i'm gonna turn it all around tonight 
at the Tennessee line . " :) 
good night . 
Aster Cadang Astra Cadang Krissen Agustin Kayla Nayal Joanna Marie Tumaneng " Buti Pa Ang Biglaang 
Lakad Natutuloy ; Ang Planado , Hindi ! " 
-konek ? wahahaha . 
" Sometimes to get what you want the most , you have to do what you want the least . " 
when you're feeling all alone , just say " I'm lonely " and there will be someone there for you . And if , at times , you can't find anyone , God is always there . 
needs a good book . :( 
ingat ka . :) 
Even when you think you are having the worst day of your life , it could actually end up being your best . It is up to you how you choose to let it end . 
dota o gf ? haha . tae . iniwan siya ng gf niya . sabi ba naman kasi . " teka lang . last game na to oh . last na . upo ka muna jan . " aun . si gf nagwalk out . 
halaaa ~ xD 
" half of my heart's got a grip on the situation . half of my heart takes time . " 
badtrip . 
okay na uli ako . waha ! 
kain tayoo ~ :) 
maybe it's time for a miracle 
coz i ain't giving up 
" The most important thing in life is to learn how 
to give out love , and to let it come in . " ( 52 ) - Morrie 
Noah : I am nothing special ; just a common man with 
common thoughts , and I've led a common life . There are no monuments 
dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten . But in one respect I 
have succeeded as gloriously as anyone who's ever lived : I've loved 
another with all my heart and soul ; and to me , this has always been 
enough 
-The Notebook 
meryenda tayoooo ~ ~ :)) 
good morning ! 
" Hindi dahil sa hindi mo naiintindihan ang isang 
bagay ay kasinungalingan na ito ... at hindi lahat ng kaya mong 
intindihin ay katotohanan . " -Bob Ong 
waiting for that D -A -Y to come . :D HAHA . 
" so it's up to you and it's up to me .. " :( 
" welcome to the first day of your life . 
just open up your eyes . " 
good morning ! :)) 
when the right time comes .. :)) 
morning . :D 
One day , your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth 
watching . :) 
good night ! :D 
loves Eminem . \m/ , 
:( 
Keith Ivy Dulay Navarro Abi de Guzman salamat uli ! :)) god bless . ingaaat ! 
-ground- 
dry your tears . 
let go of 
your fears . 
just walk . 
they don't matter . 
you used to be 
stronger . 
don't talk . 
i know what you feel . 
your heart i'm 
gonna fill . 
with strength . 
don't walk away . 
don't be 
swayed . 
hold on . 
just hold on and keep breathing . 
Jireh Chanpreeya Ferrer parehas tayo ..? busy rin ako . HAHAHA . :DDD 
Young Noah : It's not about keeping your promises , and it's not about following your heart . It's about security . 

" Never look down on anybody unlessyou are bending low to help them up " 
alam kong darating din ako diyan . ewan . alam ko lang kasi .. :)) 
hindi pa ako susuko . hindi muna . wag pa . hindi pa kailangan . 
“Hindi 
alam ng mga nakakakita kung kelan sila bulag . ” -Bob Ong 
minsan , wala sa sitwasyon yung problema e kundi sa kung paano mo harapin yung sitwasyon . kasi alam mo yang sitwasyon na yan , pwede pang magbago . 
" You 
closed your eyes . That was the difference . Sometimes you cannot believe 
what you 
see , you have to believe what you feel . And if you are ever going to 
have other 
people trust you , you must feel that you can trust them too-even when 
you are 
in the dark . Even when you're falling . " ( 61 ) - Morrie 
" it's always unexpected ... " :D 
-muntikan- 
at kahit na . 
ilang bitaw . 
ilang 
suko . 
masdan mo ang aking puso . 
nahihirapan . 
nasasaktan . 
awiting 
naudlot ng pako . 
nagdidilim . 
sumisikip . 
ba ang iyong mundo ? 
hawak 
Niya . 
yakap na Niya . 
mga bagay na di mo na masalo . 
jesus take the wheel . take it from my hands . cause i can't do this on my own . i'm letting go . so give me one more chance . to save me from this road i'm on . jesus take the wheel . 
Krissen Agustin Aster Cadang Kayla Nayal Stephanie Suzette Gamale Jireh Chanpreeya Ferrer Jenifer Castillo Langbayo salamat uli ! :)) god bless . ingaaat ! 
bored . :/ nakakaantok . 
invisible . 
wala na yung taong hinihintay ko .. KAKAIN na lang ako ng ice cream . > xD 
Happy birthday , Joanna Marie ! haha . padala mo naman handa mo dito . xDD 
mahangin . 
sa labas . 
pati sa loob . 
pag 
pumasok ka uli . 
magmimistulang hangin na rin ako .... 
-badtrip 
talaga oh . ang hangin . barado tuloy siya . HAHAHAHA . >:DD 
kung kaya nilang gawin sa ibang tao , ingat ka baka pati sa'yo ginagawa rin nila hindi mo lang alam . 
kahit na . kahit pa . :) 
reason behind the action 
is watching multiple sarcasms . 
" This time , don't need another perfect lie . Don't care if critics never jump in line . I'm gonna give all my secrets away . " 
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry , show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile . 
minsan , ang alam mo at ang alam ko hindi magkatugma . 
is reading A Child Called " It " : one child's courage to survive By David J . Pelzer 
alam kong masaya na ko kasi sabi ng puso at ng utak ko , okay na ko . :) 
" You're allowed to hit the brakes , you know , before you hit the bumps . " 
" .. be back again before you knew it . " 
change of heart . :)) 
" Some people don't know what to do with an act of kindness . " 
— Jodi Picoult ( Salem Falls ) 
" i feel , i felt , i have felt . " 
gusto kong mabasa yung libro ng movieng Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street . xD 
" At a certain part in your life . Probably when too much of it has gone 
by . You will open your eyes and see yourself for who you are . Especially 
for everything that made you so different from all the awful normals . 
And you will say to yourself , ' But I am this person . ' And in that 
statement , that correction , there will be a kind of love . " -Phoebe in Wonderland 
nahanap ko rin siya . :)) 
still waters run deep . 
" Passion is knowing what you want , and never stopping until you get it .. " 
" Sometimes it's not what we say but what we don't say and can't say that has more impact . " 
minsan , kahit gaano katotoo ang isang bagay nahihirapan pa tayong maniwala . 
" what we create most in this world is connection . for some people , it happens at first sight . it's when you know , you know . it's fate working its magic . " -the switch 
may net na uli ! tae . 
minsan , hindi sa ano yung sinabi nila sa'yo kundi sa kung ano ang pagkakaintindi mo sa sinabi nila sa'yo . 
" You can fool yourself , you know . You'd think it's impossible , but it turns out it's the easiest thing of all . " 
— Jodi Picoult ( Vanishing Acts ) 
the curious case of benjamin button . :D 
watch . watch . watch . >:D 
" It's alright , I survived , I'm alive again . Coz of you , made it through every storm . What is life , what's the use if you're killing time . I'm so glad I found an angel . Someone . Who was there when all my hopes fell . I wanna fly , looking in your eyes .. Because you live and breathe . " 
" to give me all your love is all i ever asked , ' cause . what you don't understand is . i'd catch a grenade for ya . " 
" i don't just listen . i pay attention . " 
" .. it's a little bit less romantic . it's complicated . it's messy . it's about horrible timing , fumbled opportunities and not being able to say what you need to say when you need to say it . " -the switch 
movie marathon . :)) 
" should i give up or should i just keep chasing pavements ? " 
" i realized that it's actually what happens along the way 
that counts : the stumbles , the fall , the friendships , the security and not the 
destination . " -stepup3d 
- " be process-oriented not result-oriented .. " 
miss ko na ang psych . :)) 
multiple sarcasms . the end . 
nakakainspired magsulat ng libro/play . :3 
everything happens for a great reason . << lagi na lang to . haha . 
so help me God . i know You have better plans for me .. 
" i can't find the words to say goodbye . " 
i want you . :3 haha . 
love happens in an unexpected place and time with the unexpected person . 
Fatimark Acupan happy birthday kabsat ! libre kooooooooooo ! haha . 
" there's nothing else i can say . eh ~ eh ~ " 
" the most important decisions in life are never easy . " 
nakakaduwag . :( 
" while everybody else is getting out of bed . i'm usually getting in it . i'm not in it to win it . i'm in it for you . " 
" .. and if you can't find me . i'm in your heart . " 
" oh . you know . you know . you know . i never asked you to change . if perfect's what you're searching for . then just stay the same . " 
sometimes , you have to stand up when standing isn't easy . -Chun Li 
The 
first step in the acquisition of wisdom is silence , 
the second listening , the third memory , the fourth practice , 
the fifth teaching others . 
-Solomon Ibn Gabriol 
minsan mas magandang sabihin mo na lahat ngayon kahit di siya nakikinig kesa ung ilihim mo lahat tapos malalaman mo na lang na handa pala siyang makinig noon pa . 
love is when i met you . :3 
avalanche . 
it's way too soon . : L 
sana nga gumawa pa si rowling ng hanggang 10th book ng harry potter . xD 
" sometimes it's hard . to follow your heart . it doesn't mean you're losing . everybody's bruising . just be true to who you are . " -stepup3d 
" i'm feeling a little bit tipsy . " xD 
" in the middle of september . we still play out in the rain . nothing to lose but everything to gain . reflecting now on how things could've been . it was worth it in the end . " -september - daughtry 
Sometimes you think you don't have hope but you keep on anyway and then you know you have hope . -miss dodger , phoebe in wonderland 
" .. the most important thing about love is that we choose to give it and we choose to receive it making it the least random act in the entire universe . " -chaos theory 
something worth leaving behind . :) 
restart . 
" and there were flashes of light . " 
" you have nothing to fear if you have nothing to hide . " 
x3 haha . yish ! 
gusto ko ng libro . maraming maraming libro . :\ 
Mr. Han : 
Sometimes the most important fights are the ones you avoid . -karate kid 
-traffic lights- let me go beyond the distance you've set for me . give me a caution not to take another step . trust me it would be easier for me to stop , my friend . because these traffic lights if they didn't light . it will cause me my death . 
-appreciate- emotions stirred . papers burned . words swallowed . give us pain . pain to realize . that everything really matter . 
" i must be doing something right . " :)) 
dear ice cream , please do NOT tempt me . may sakit ako ngayon . :3 
Kayla Nayal Jireh Chanpreeya Ferrer Krissen Agustin confirmed . haha . si * censored * ay * censored * . 
" look at us running around always rushed , always late . i guess that's why they call it the human race . but sometimes , it slows down just enough for all the pieces to fall on their place . fate works its magic and you're connected . " -the switch 
ako naman magbibigay . :) 
happy 1.1.11 bukas ! :DD 
" ... just the way you are . " 
is watching Dear John . :) 
makes me wonder . 
overtime . 
To learn how to value things , you shouldn't stay on its surface . You should go beneath and seek for its worth . 
" our memories make us who we are . " -stay cool 
" Love means exposing yourself to the pain of being hurt , deeply hurt ... by someone you trust . " 
" .. they will not be pushed aside and turned . " 
woah ! lumindol . :s 
all the boring stuff had been worth it . :) 
" put your hand in my hand baby don't ever look back . let the world around us just fall apart . " 
" I finally understood what true love meant ... love meant that you care 
for another person's happiness more than your own , no matter how painful 
the choices you face might be . " — Nicholas Spark 
i am moved by you . :) 
if you LOVE what you're doing , you'll NEVER get BORED .. same with if you LOVE someone , you'll NEVER get TIRED . 
-i love what i'm doing . :) 
wake up call . 
" lying in my bed . i hear the clock tick . and think of you . caught up in circles . confusion is nothing new . " 
The power of words , and one single act can either save a life or tear it down . 
" .. but it's a full moon here tonight which makes me think of you because i know that no matter what i'm doing , no matter where i am this moon will always be the same size as yours half a world away . " 
haha . idadownload ko ang paranormal activity tas papanuorin ko mag-isa . hahaha . >:D 
" if i wrote a note to God . i would say please help us find our way . " 
wala naman daw mawawala ..? 
breakdancing ..? 
don't do things out of desperation .. :) 
" you got me twisted . " 
" .. right before everything went black , you wanna know the very last thing that entered my mind .. YOU . " :) -Dear John 
parang walang dumaang bagyo . ang init nanaman . :\ 
If you know something about psychology , I urge you to tithe to the cognitive sciences . Give 10% of your time to bringing the insights from psychological research to a broader community of people . Give talks to your local community . Write a blog . Do interviews . Teach others that there is real value to understanding the way the mind works . -- from psychology today 
nalinlang ? 
undecided . xp 
Silence is the best answer for all questions and smiling is the best reaction in all situations . 
" .. plans worked out if you were careful , if you were cautious . it was like sitting through a movie , no matter how boring or confusing , until the end . because at the end , sometimes things were explained or the ending itself was cool enough that you felt like sitting through all the boring stuff had been worth it . " -mystic river 
wuthering heights . :) 
woah ! xD 
" Careful with fire " is good advice we know . 
" Careful with words " is ten times doubly so . 
Princess Cabusao Hermie Jane Sardeniola merry christmas ! :))) 
night terror . ang creepy . :/ 
defying gravity . 
" Love can consign us to hell or to paradise , but it always takes us somewhere " 
when in rome . 
ay . july 15 pa irerelease ung part 2 ng hp . :/ 
Berna Janice Arizala Berna Jane F . Arizala merry christmas ! :DDDDD 
" always think positive thoughts ... you can never know who reads them . " 
- Lior Suchard 
badtrip . >:/ 
" who cares if you disagree . you are not me . who made you king of anything .. " 
ice cream . xD 
i have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night . 
second to the last . waha . >:P 
