getting my hair cut short !! i'm excited ^-^ 
i´m on holiday !!! it´s very hot and very sunny and i´ve got hardly any internet time >.< 
has been listening to her new CDs non-stop and will have the songs stuck in her head for at least a week >.< 
is being taught chords by her sister on an out-of tune guitar . Grand total of 3 learned so far . 
has been taught five new chords in the space of ten minutes and has no idea which one is which 
is reading a murder mystery and is convinced the butler did it , despite the fact that there is no butler . It's still possible ! 
has yet another headache . This is getting annoying >.< 
can smell tomato soup coming from downstairs , made in an attempt to use up all the tomatoes we have . I doubt that it succeeded . 
My sister's birthday tomorrow , and I have a horrible feeling I'm going to get woken up at half five to " help " her open her presents ... 
is watching her dad saw at the fence , for some obscure reason of his own . Later I'm going to pizza hut with a bunch of 11 year olds . Yaaaaaay . 
has somehow managed to bite clean through her gumshield while trying to fit it O.O Luckily we have a spare 
just got contacts !!! It's so weird having them in . 
was asked " Are you a werewolf ? " during geography O.o 
has finally gotten bored of having pirate as her facebook language 
just watched Grave of the Fireflies . So sad ... 
has suddenly inherited a huge pile of stuff for standard grade ... and would have ended up with even more if I had taken german , chemistry or business ed . 
is getting to watch a mini fireworks show from the window :D Hopefully they don't set their garden on fire or something 
Karate contest today ^^ I got third for kata , third for team kata with the Emmas , and then failed at the sparring . I got knocked out in the first round . As in knocked out of the competition , not literally , thank god . 
Karate grading went okay , except for sparring >.< Why is it that whenever me and Emma spar something goes horribly wrong ? Also discovered where my brother lives , which is not , as Ruth keeps insisting , in a telephone exchange . 
Does anyone know what " to hoover " in french is ? N o-o ne here seems to be sure . 
has been abandoned at home for the second time in day . At least I was awake when they left this time . 
' s house has suddenly picked up an infestation of spiders , for some reason . We've found three wandering around today . 
is trying to convince herself that if she ignores her homework for long enough it'll go away . 
has a physics test tomorrow and is busily panicking 
Locker one , head nil . Ow ... 
is annoyed - why can't I find violin music when there's piano music available and there's not even a piano in the song ? >.< 
Santa seems to have decided to visit bofa , accompanied by a jeep and some very loud music . Again . 
' s class really came up with some interesting answers for the geography test ... " Tourists could get stuck in the peat bog " , lol . 
finally has a phone that doesn't suck . Early christmas present , yay ! 
was in town and got asked " That's not a local accent ... where are you from , then ? " >.< 
" It's an economic cutback - we can't afford to ' e ' any more " - Ruth , having been asked by me why she had spelled " hello " as " h-l-l-o " . 
karate grading aaaah ! 
is excited - Edinburgh tomorrow ! 
is watching her dad set the christmas tree on fire . 
NEW COMPUTER !!! In about 3 weeks , at any rate . Finally ! 
has discovered that her family has somehow acquired about 50 apples and is wondering that the hell we're going to do with them all 
Helicopter with a search light just flew right overhead . Why are these things always around our neighbourhood ? 
has discovered she really cannot tune her violin ... My G string plays an E now , although it's better than the C it was playing earlier . I need to get new strings , too , these ones are getting worn . So much stuff to remember ... argh . 
has discovered that hot chocolate helps coughs , for some reason . Hehe , now I have an excuse ! 
has just had a five-minute battle with the front door . Stupid thing refused to lock >.< 
can hear fireworks from outside . Not again ... 
Does anyone think me and Emma W are easy to confuse ? Our english teacher seems to think so ... 
suspects her neighbour's electricity bill is going to be more expensive than the rest of the street put together . On the positive side , at least n o-o ne can get lost in the dark round here any more . 
really hopes she can manage to superglue her hair clasp back together , and also finds this whole talking in third person thing very odd , but is doing it anyway 
has just spent the last half an hour cutting up a pair of leggings . Good times ... 
Argh , hate writing conclusions ... pseudo-philisophical nonsense it is then . 
Arguing with Paint ... damn , it's at times like this I miss my Photoshop and its ability to LEAVE AREAS TRANSPARENT WHEN YOU WANT THEM TO BE >.< 
Anyone who hasn't seen what's happening in Libya - seriously , find out . Don't ignore this . 
Living room floor's covered in buttons now . See , THIS is why I never get anything done , I'm too easily distracted ... sorry artwork , you may have to wait a bit . 
There's no way in hell this essay's going to be 800-1200 words . It's already at 300 and I've analysed ONE quote >.< 
Setting up a horror soundtrack playlist - it's somewhat worrying how many songs about vampires and zombies I've got here ... 
Malheur à toi , Baron Rouge ! 
Listening to a song about zombies very reasonably asking to eat someone's brains . In French . What is my life . 
Looking forward to sleepwalking through the day tomorrow :P 
New extreme sport for folk to try out - gravel diving . Find a bit of pavement covered in gravel and throw yourself at it , protective gear optional . Ow . 
Grading today :O 
... There's an air rifle in our spare bedroom . 
... I'm still trying to figure out if I should be worried now . 
is very confused ... Just topped up £20 and now I'm getting texts from orange telling me I have 600 free texts and free internet for the weekend , amongst other things . I suspect they've gotten something mixed up somewhere . 
I need to be more careful ... just hit a guitar off the ceiling . 
Short hair + bike helmets = funtiemz ? 
Thank you so much , everyone ! I've been having a great day ^^ 
has apparently caught comedic irony . Dammit ... 
Hm ... wedding to go to , it seems :D 
Haircut at last ^^ 
Lol , everyone hiding in the cupboard from Rhys at karate -good times XD 
There's something seriously wrong with the world when dancing gives you more bruises than karate ... 
has to start taking theory classes for keyboard . Nooooo ~ 
... and sponsoring the entertainment at the award ceremony , let's all give a big hand to Emma Hasha ... Habashi ... Hashba ... Habayasha ... 
is trying upside-down Facebook . This'll be fun ... 
´s phone has broken ... but at least the camera still works . So , I can´t get any texts till I get home and get it fixed ... how will I survive ? :O 
Anyone here heard of Christopher Brookmyre ? Just wondering :P 
is eating sugar . The chef changed the chilli recipe and my mouth burrrrrns ... 
Yes , mp3 player , I get the message . I need to practice keyboard . Now stop playing that one song again and again to remind me T.T 
God , glitter >.< I'm not going to be able to get this off my hands for ages . 
It has to require skill to be so very BAD at table tennis that you can successfully hit the ball off two adjacent tables while still completely failing to hit the one you're actually aiming at :P 
Wow . A joke made by a guiser I have not actually heard before . This must be a first :P 
has no idea what to get her brother for his birthday ... any ideas ? 
Sorry for weird statuses folks ... not used to this mobile thing yet . I'll fix it when I can :P 
Unusual ways to greet your siblings : " Fiona , he stole the owl . Kill him . " And hello to you too , Ruth :P 
Add insult to injury in your karate today ! Step on the feet of your opponent while blocking them :D 
has managed to acquire a chinese dress somehow . Huh . 
The cake is not a lie , but it is in a mug and very tasty . Rainie Bostock , thank you so much for that recipe :D 
A great new game for the whole family - reassemble the headphones in the dark T.T 
Just realised I've managed to sew a pin inside my art project ... this could get interesting ... 
My headphones have literally started falling to pieces . And they still work . How I'm not quite sure , but I'm not complaining . 
has no idea how to do her physics homework . Have we even covered this stuff ? 
Art first period makes going back to school seem better ... or it will until the alarm clock goes off , anyway . 
Now , if I were my phone connector , where would I be hiding ...? I swear that thing turns invisible T.T 
must be the last person in stirling to see harry potter ... better late than never , hm ? 
" If you tidy your room I might make you some custard " definitely goes on the list of oddest bribes I've ever come across ... 
