hi friend i need 7 nails to complete my garage . ty 
join my pack in dog wars ! http://bit.ly/9HoXmA 
Let's see who ispaying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as aresult of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only gladto count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friendslist actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as ... 
I luv my new pic :P 
Although your work on earth is done . 
Your struggles here were hard and long . 
But they're over now , you're finally home . 

Life wasn't easy , by choice or fate 
A decision made , sometimes too late . 
A fight to the finish , always strong 
Rest easy mom , you're finally home . 
May 7 , 1939 to Nov . 11 , 1999 
Did you know that those who appear to be really strong ............. really are the most sensitive ?....... Did you know that those who spend all their time protecting others ........ sometimes really need someone to protect them ?...... Did you know that three of the hardest things to say are : I love you , I'm sorry and Help me .. ? Put it on your status if you agree 
Stupid cancer ...... we all wish to have a new car .. new phone ... to lose weight ... a person who has cancer only wants one thing ... to ... fight their cancer ... i know that 97% of you guys won't put this on your wall .. but 3% of my friends will .... Put it on your wall in honor of someone who died from cancer or who ' s fighting against it now ...... ? 
Life's not about who act's true to your face , It's about who remains true behind your back . True friends act the same way to your face as they do behind your back . 
When someone says you have an attitude , say this : I do NOT have an attitude , I just a have a personality you can't handle . 
Fake friends will contact you just to pass comment , judge or brag . True friends will contact you just to say ' Hey whats up ? ' 
People that don't know me think I'm quiet ... People that are my friends think I'm a little out-going ... People that are my best friends think I'm down right insane ! 
~ to speak your mind takes courage , to hold your tongue takes a different kind of courage , wisdom is knowing when to do either , strength is seeing it through ~ 
Hello you have reached my Facebook page . Currently there is no one here to give a damn . Leave a message at your own flippin ' risk . BEEEEEEEEEEEP 
Wonders if someone driving a VW bug knows they are causing fistfights wherever they go . 
If you dislike me , remember : it's mind over matter . I don't mind and you don't matter ! 
Thought for the day : Did you know light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . ~ Doc Rock 
