G . U . A . T . E . M . A . L . A now . 
You make plans , but you never know if they're ever gonna be achieved . Plans can change any time , you better not make too much hope on anything . 
" Some women choose to follow men , and some women choose to follow their dreams . If you’re wondering which way to go , remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn’t love you anymore . " - Lady Gaga 
Ayer estaba en el camión 24 y vi subir un chico super guapo quien se ubicó donde estaba yo . Yo , ansiosa , intentaba decifrar lo que él decía a su amigo . Pero algo estaba muy raro . Él me miraba , pero no era algo de , no sé , como lo digo . Y después él alzó su mirada a alguien que estaba a la par mía , la cual era mi hermano . De pronto oí a él mencionar de BLACKCHERRY ... Y así me di cuenta que él era del otro bando . XD 
C'est glauque ! 
Christmas shopping is always fun ! 
@Church 
Hoy probé jícama por primera vez ... Parecía manzana sin sabor . 
For this Christmas , I'll be HOME ALONE with Kevin McCallister !! 
Saturday spirits . 
And life goes turning upside down . 
I get the best feeling in the world when you say hi to me , or even smile , because I know even if just for a second , I crossed your mind ... 
Gravity always gets me down . 
Trust , is like a paper . Once it's crumbled , it can't be perfect again ... 
I feel like a piece of glass shattering away 
“It ain't those parts of the Bible that I can't understand that bother me , it is the parts that I do understand . ” - Mark Twain 
Being different does not mean it's better . :) 
I didn't know that detentions were this much annoying . Blessed be IAS 
Smiley men are not to be trusted 
I have no idea why these days I have an urge to hug some people ... By the way Galaxy S is awesome ! Thnx @Daniel Arias ! 
Why are there people that are so rude ? Like they didn't have home education at all . 
La envidia mata . 
Heads I win , tails you lose . 
I am in a serious need of a love counselor . 
Daze in the maze . 
Life is like a book ; everyday is a new chapter . 
cogito ergo sum 
ATHCO . 
:) 
Maldita hipocrecia . 
Bobadas , bobaditas , bobadonas , bobadillas , bobadonadas . 
Loving those who are hurt , who are afraid , who are hiding ... In the name of Jesus 
abeunt studia in mores 
" I know I have the body but of a weak and feeble woman , but I have the heart and stomach of a king . " 
Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds . 
Not one , nor another ... 
Bendita migraña . 
Lluvia en Guadalajara . 
I hate how medicine and money are so closely related these days . HATE it 
Shane Claiborne is awesome . And Unknown is a super cool movie . 
Saturday nights at Chapultepec . <3 
Going ROUGE this time 
Knowing and not doing anything about it . 
And my heart keeps on beating ... 
Por tanto reirme cuando estoy enojada me voy a volver loca ... 
All I want for Christmas is you . 
" La vida es muy traicionera , y cada uno se las ingenia para mantener a raya el horror , la tristeza y la soledad . " -Arturo Pérez Reverte 
Qué hacemos , más que sonreir y pretender que todo está bien ? 
The Joy of Cooking 
Y hoy chillé . 
Stop making a fool out of me . 
" Do not weep ; do not wax indignant . Understand . " -Baruch Spinoza 
Lost appetite . 
" When God closes a door , somewhere he opens a window ... " 
Learned how to hack internet ... Ha !! 
Hateeee daylight saving time ... Dang it 
Mi gatita mata cucarachas pero no ratas ... :( 
" Choix et conscience sont une seule et même chose . " - Jean-Paul Sartre 
Haciendo todo lo posible ... 
Ridikulus ! 
My rainy busy days just begun ... 
Don't even dare to eat an American burger . Especially those costing $1 . 
The greater you expect , the greater your disappointment will be . 
If you want to get the man of your dreams , first you must become the girl of his dreams ... 
Esas cancioncitas que oyes en cualquier lado y que te recuerdan a esa persona en especial . 
El que viaja sabe que algún día debe partir . 
Una tarde con el cielo gris definitivamente provoca nostalgia ... 
¿Hola , quieres ser mi amigo(a) ? 
" I always like to look on the optimistic side of life , but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter . " -Walt Disney 
“I love you , but I don’t dare tell you I love you before you tell me you love me . ” 
People mistake me for my sister all the time ... 
“The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place . ” - George Bernard Shaw 
“Though all society is founded on intolerance , all improvement is founded on tolerance . ” - George Bernard Shaw 
You know it by instinct that your internal spring has come when you can feel a little light striking your dead heart , claiming for love ... 
“I threw love at the wall and it bounced back and slapped me in the face . ” 
I seriously missed you today . 
Watching the Royal Wedding on live 
Happy 10/10/10 , that is , October 10th , 2010 . I really thought the world could have ended today , I really did . Just another day . 
Amarte para perderte . 
Moonlight Jellyfish 
Why is re-adding people on FB not so easy ? Haha . 
I hate misunderstandings . I really do 
I tried to play the nice Korean girl but I drifted . 
Don't you dare ! 
" Man spends his life in reasoning on the past , in complaining of the present , in fearing future . " -Antoine Rivarol 
You just gotta ignite the light 
And let it shine 
Just own the night 
Like the Fourth of July 
Ilusiones y dolor . 
Querida enfermedad . Esfúmate o algo , me estás matando y ya me tienes harta . 
" Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right . " -Oprah Winfrey 
My left eye is incredibly red right now , any suggestions to get it back normal again ? 
Ya no voy a Guatemala para navidad ... :( Alguien de Guadalajara que le gustaria compartir su pavo navideño con una pobre chica coreana me avisa por inbox , please ?? 
It's official . I am one Dailybooth user . 
Tal vez , tal vez vaya a pasar algo no esperado . 
This machine will will not communicate these thoughts 
And the strain I am under 
Be a world child form a circle before we all go under 
And fade out again and fade out again 
Rainbow colored shampoo all over my feet 
My new year's resolutions : 1 . Eat better . 2 . Do exercise . 3 . Never give up . 4 . Read more books . 5 . Take better pictures . 6 . Spend more time on myself . 7 . Stay positive . :) [ Happy new year everyone . ] 
RED RED RED lips . <3 
En Xela ... y bajo al parque manana , o si no pueden , me inboxean sus cels plz ;) 
A veces tomamos las decisiones más incorrectas , pensando que son las más correctas . 
Here comes your favorite most attractive unattractive person . 
Weekend in Guatemala ( City ) 
Y este corazón , está latiendo , 
Cada vez más lento 
Y estoy sintiendo en mis adentros 
Cómo el fuego no se apagó ... 
Will you love me tomorrow , 
like you love me today ? 
Otherwise , as I see the sunrise , 
Shed a tear , I may . 
