Cool i got a left ear industrial today . Something I have always wanted . 
After a month and a half of drilling , they finally reached the trapped miners in Chile The first words from the hole : “Thank you for not hiring BP . ” – Bill Williams 
For the last 5 Years I have fought to find an undying love like one that would last a lifetime , today I came to a realization that the most important thing in my life is making a difference not love . 

My number one focus now is my career , and keeping my word to my beloved son that I will become a nurse , and leave my mark when my time is up . Son I love you . 
Oh dear , I think a terrible accident has just happened south of Whangarei . In last 5 minutes , Fire engine , 2 Ambulance , 3 Police , all at high speed heading south . Stupid people driving to fast in the rain again I guess . Kiwi drivers suck . 
Time for me to quit smoking , wish me luck , it is a waste of money and health . 
If anyone knows anyone , lol , looking for a flattie or boarder in Port Macquarie , do let me know . :) 
SON MY BELOVED , I AM ON MY WAY . I PROMISE YOU I AM ON MY WAY , AND SO EXCITED TO BE ON THIS JOURNEY TO YOU . 
XXXX 
just wrote another one thousand and twenty one words this morning , so glad to be free from last nights writers block . Time frame for this one hour and three minutes . 
Now i need a coffee lol 
Nothing like watching the thoughts flow out in ink , and become something of an uplifting for others . 
Ha Ha , just cut myself shaving , bugger that hurt . What are the odds of that happening ? 
Odds of injury from shaving : 6,585 to 1 
Definitely not my day , ha ha ha . Oh Well . (: 
If at first you DO NOT suceed ........ Then Skydiving IS NOT for you !!! 
Hey Trust all my friends have had an awesome weekend . I have mine tomorrow . Off to Hospice at lunchtime tomorrow . Yay 
A big welcome aboard Geoffrey , I've signed you up for the next Nurturing Touch training and encourage you to continue to take one day at a time here - even though you have stirrings of a future profession working with the terminally ill . 
Thanks for all you bring to us . 
Geoffrey , your Grandfather's values radiate out of you ! 
J Jensen Manager of Volunteer Services , Northhaven Hospice IPU 
is thirteen days into his first book , entitled " A Modern Noble Man " , currently at around twenty seven thousand words . 
Check out my new video !!!! 
Life is beautiful . Writers block has finally lifted and my thoughts once again flow freely and this man is at peace . 
To all my close friends who supported me during this difficult and sad period of my life , coming to terms with the illness and death of my beloved grandmother , I send much love and appreciation . 
Haha I may be poor and live from week to week but my life is rich , if I just open my eyes and take a glimpse of my world . 
My target is set , Palliative Care nurse , I.C.U nurse or Theater nurse , and all my life I never knew until I started at Northhaven Hospice Inpatient Unit and found a whole new family dedicated to others . 
I have great aroha for my Hospice family . xxx 
Another Cop car and another Ambo heading rapidly south 
Love is roots that grow towards each other underground and when all the pretty blossom has fallen from your branches , you will find out you are one tree not two . 
Consider the beauty and innocents of nature , contemplate the statement below and give me some comments . What do you think it means 
" A seed must die before it grow " 
There is no good in arguing with the inevitable . The only argument available with an east wind is to put on your overcoat . James Russell Lowell ( 1819 – 1891)American poet and essayist 
Remember friends , always take so much time in becoming the best person you can , that you have no time to criticize others for where they fall short . 
Who are we to judge the actions and deeds of another , when we do not walk in their shoes . 
" When ever you're in conflict with someone , there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it . That difference is Attitude " William James 
I have had enough of this country , strongly thinking of going to oz , miss my son too much 
another cop car at high speed heading south . 
is so over the moon happy . 

I have stood up to one of lifes biggest asks , and gladly say I am starting my volunteer sevice at Northhaven Hospice , next tuesday at 8.30 in the morning . 
It appears that the beautiful qualities that were Allan Gordon qualities , my beloved grandfathers qualities , now humbly are mine . 
He that is over-cautious will accomplish little . 
Fredrich Von Schiller ( 1759-1805 ) German historian and poet 
What defines you my friend ? Is it the errors of your past that hold you captive and punish your soul ? Or is it what you passionately pursue in tomorrows , that defines you ? 
Remember we all make mistakes we regret friend , its called being human , what we do with those mistakes will either define us , make us stronger , or hold us back from being all life desires us to be . 
Winter here with avengance tonight . 
7 weeks smokefree today , thanks for all the support , especially Sara for your encouragement , nice to know after 6 years enslaved I finally am free . 
Man writing this book is a real big task and has to be done with great sensitivity . 
In today's society a male author has to be so careful when writing a self help manual for men , that he is clear enough to have the possibility of installing good values into the reader . 
Yay , I have sorted out the tax man , he now owes me money . That means immigration australia has no reason now to stop me at the gates when I head over there in a few months . 
Yay 13 days smokefree and going well 
The Planning is well underway , saved half the amount i need for my passport now , got the paperwork , and 2 extra days of work a week now . Looks like to do this move , so I can be closer to my son its 7 days a week for the next 3 months , I'll do whatever it takes to see those beloved blue eyes again . Im so excited , to be doing something my heart has craved to do ever since he left New Zealand . 
Geoffrey has found his niche here at North Haven - and we are the better for it ! 
This has been a happy union of a young man looking to help people who are vulnerable and soon to leave this life - and hospice who so values having someone with such intuitive understanding of how to be - and work here . 
I think the usual saturday accident has just happened again south of whangarei , 2 ambulance and fire engine heading south . 
When will people learn to drive slower south of this town ? 
Quitting smoking is going ok . Have to slowly wean myself off , down to 3 rollies a day now which is harsh , feel sick from the quitting . It makes you feel ill quitting , as your lungs clear out , but i will get there . 
Isn't it interesting how ppl can run the gauntlet with cars and then ppl freak when someone gets run over , a guy has just been hit by a van right outside our work . And hello we have a pedestrian crossing , which this guy did not use . Full road block in place here now . Guy knocked out with bad head injury . 
Wow my first abusive customer tonight , been here two months so been a good run . lol 
Ppl nearing intoxication do not take lightly to be told not to come back tonight , as they wont be served . lol and guess what i no ones bitch lol 
LOL , I really pushed myself outside my comfort zone today and gave myself a military style haircut . I now have a number 1 !! 
Doctor said i must quit smoking now . I have developed asthma , and wish i hadnt started smoking . The mistakes we make aye . 
Woohoo . After fighting ACC since mid Feb 2010 , I got news today that we beat the Bastards today . We won !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Over the last two days I have humbly worked 12 hours plus at Northhaven Hospice Inpatient Unit , and have had such a wonderful experience . 
Take care my lovelys , especially the ones strong enough to go home today , till we meet again , go in peace . 
Thank you so much for sharing this life of mine . 
has been practicing like crazy his chromatic fingering for his B Flat Cornet . 
Awesome to have the guidance of Nick Drozdoff . Thanks Mate . 
Remember my friends its not where you have been that matters its where you are going . 
is thankful that A found R and R found A , for in this happening the wheels turn for this man to become real and free . Thank you so much with much warmth and affection . 
I tell you what , in the last 23 years I ended up being known as the magnet of bad luck and chaos . The reason for this was " Attitude " now with being real and true to myself , all of a sudden life has turned , success and blessings are around every corner these days . woohoo 
Love is ... 
a temporary madness . It erupts like an eathquake and then subsides . And when it subsides you need to make a decision . You have to work out if your roots have become entwined together , if that is the case it is inconcievable that you should ever part . 
Because this is what love is . 
We are thinking of them as who that have been in the past , rather than allowing mental space in our minds , for who they might actually be . 
As long as one holds a mental image of his partner and someone he is not happy with , she will continue to show up in his eyes that way . 
Love is not breathlessness . it is not excitement it is not the premulgation of promises of eternal passion . 
That is just being " in love " which any of us can convince ourselves we are . 
Love itself is what is left over when being " in love " has all burned away , and this is both an art and a fortunate accident . 
Whoa reality check lol , what i achieved yesterday , completed nursing application and fixed my car , lol and I know nothing about cars , but replaced distributor cap , rotor and plugs , and rocker cover gasket , cool OJ now running properly . Yesterday was a pretty cool day , oh and replaced rings in ears with 4 mm plugs . he he 
To the three kind individuals who put up a good word for me , Neil H , Quentin M , and Mum Solomon , blessings to you , without your votes of confidence , there would be no way I would have been accepted into Hospice . 
Much love and mana to you three . 
Right Nursing Application . 
Two Passport Photos - Check 
Two References from Persons already in Medicine - Check , Director of Medicine and Team Leader of I.P.U. woohoo 
Personal Statement - Check 
Ministry of Justice/Police Check - Check 
Academic Qualifications - Check 
Birth Certificate - Check 
Additional Information Form - Check 
Yippeee into the post tomorrow it goes 
At the same time with the equality of modern woman , he must have a very cautious and open mind , with usage of words so that one does not end up branded sexist . 
The values of an old society when it comes to being a real man are great but must now be blended into a society where we as genders are both equals . 
had an amazing day yesterday , cementing the 6th of October in my mind and a day to always be remembered and treasured for all my life . 
What do you choose my friend ? 
Remember self forgiveness is the path to freedom from everything that 
holds you back and breaks you down . You only have one life , seize the 
day ! 
Cool , everything falling into place , for me to finally start working in the In Patient Unit at our local Hospice , working as a volunteer , helping make others final days as peaceful and full of hope , as we possibly can , plus support for whanau and friends as well . 
Its a calling I cannot turn away from , I so blessed by this opportunity to serve others in a place where Death walks the halls . 
is in a quiet place listening to the Corrs and One Republic , dealing with a dose of the " bittersweets " Sigh . 
Ha Ha nothing like waking up at 3.30 am , writing for a few hours , then go back to bed for a nice sleep in only to be called by your boss at 8am needing a big favour , oh well working till 8.30 tonight by the look of it , by my lonesome self . :) 
Thoughts from the topic " Anger Management " in my book " A Modern Noble Man " 
How is Anger related to Depression ? 
Often ones anger becomes ones depression , when we give up fighting a problem , in doing so one loses the energy of anger , thus becoming depressed , mildly to start with and if left unchecked will develop into deep clinical depression , often needed professional help to get one through . 
Thoughts from the Topic " Laws of Attraction " 
Men if you are in a unhappy " dissatisfying " relationship now , stop " pigeon-holing " your partner . 
Its a clearly know fact that when we are not happy in our current relationship , we often place our partners in a labelled box , sometimes consciously , most times sub-consciously without realizing it . 
has unpack his 1937 Boosey and Hawkes B# Cornet from its antique box , and after 23 years is playing the lovely thing again . 
An absolutely wonderful moving experience being the first day I worked in the unit at Hospice , Ainslee and Anke would understand why such an event happening today is of such beauty . 
It was wonderful to bring heaven to one particular dementia patient and see the gratefulness in the eyes of her children . 
Cool just recieved my ACC payout . Halved the money as promised with my dear cobber . Have paid for my mining consulting , have done the paperwork for my passport , have penned out dates for Tyler to come to NZ for Christmas , and put the money for his ticket into savings account . 
Surprise son , your coming home for Christmas . So excited to see you again my beloved pride and joy . 
Men , you must give your partner room to be who she is capable of being , by consciously entertaining higher thoughts or expectations of her . 
Give her the right to live up to or down to your expectations . 
Only in this way can she become someone in your eyes that you understand and can move forward with into a stronger loving relationship . 
Now lives by the Optimist Creed 
had an epic day , new tattoo , visited an old fuzzy friend I have so missed , my boy Salv , and help cuzzie mow lawns , then an awesome dinner of bangers and mash , woo hoo 
Woohoo , today is a fantastic day , 2 months smoke-free . I can't believe i openly and bluntly told people to their face , I loved smoking , yuck what a pointless habit . 
Well buddies . Tomorrow morning early i get up and hitch hike my way to Palmerston North to be with my beloved Nana , wish me luck for a quick safe journey . 
Many depressions therefore , have roots shared with anger - frustration and/or the feeling that others do not care or respect the individual who finds him or herself with a depression . 
What a soul feeding afternoon . I am so happy and peaceful right now . Just cared for 3 lovely patients , and am so strongly considering becoming a male nurse . The small things I do at hospice make others so grateful , in turn make me feel so enriched . 
I think I truly found my calling in life . Finally it only took 20 years . lol 
Review summary from head of Volunteer Service at North Haven Hospice . my home away from home . Reads from bottom to top of wall lol . 
We ask that you hold her and this family in your thoughts and prayers at this time . 
It has been an honour to have shared our lives with this beautiful matriarch , and leader . 
Rest easy our beloved one . love eternal . 
Its fantastic to have a birthday without bitterness for the loss of my grandfather 21 years ago on the 4th , as I now am living radiating the one i used to grieve , and am blessed with happiness and peace daily . Thank you Ganga , Love you eternally . 
To our dear friends and family , 
My dear mother has requested that I post on facebook , that this close family of ours is now all gathered together in Palmerston North , at the bedside of our sweet mother , grandmother and great grandmother , as she slowly slips from this life , after a short battle with cancer . 
Now all this man has to do , is find a way to keep his promise to his beloved son , Tyler , and follow this new passion to do nursing , never had a career path that drove me as much as this . 
I trust life will lead the way so these two passions of mine can share my world at the same time 
Omg its quarter past four in the morning however I got a new tool for creativity and am so in love and such a happy place . 
To any of my friends and family in Auckland , I need to find short term stay for my UK girlfriend and her friend while they locate rental accomadation . 
Lizzie has been looking for work and secured work in Mission Bay , required to start work 10am tomorrow but cannot locate rental yet . 
If anyone can help for accomadation please message me urgently , your help would be greatly appreciated 
Well life , I challenge you to lead the way , it's about time I stood up and do something for others instead if selfishly striving to get something for me , sorry life , sometimes you lose focus on whats really important , like the lives of those who's time in this life is limited , not like my own . 
Cheers for everything in life I have been through that has shaped me into the person I am today . 
We are to all be too large for worry , too noble for anger , too strong for fear , and too happy to permit the presence of trouble . 
The next three years are going to be so bloody scary and full on , in my year 1 alone I study , 15 weeks of placement , and have to work as well . The 2nd year , 13 weeks of placement , and the 3rd year of my degree I have 20 weeks of placement . 
Scary stuff especially when a 13 year old is proud of you and tell you he is happy you started working in the I.P.U. 
Friends , need suggestions on what second language I should learn this year from the list below . 
Challenge me and vote :) 
1 French 
2 Spanish 
3 Te Reo 
4 Japanese 
5 Italian 
Isn't it interesting how you once again find yourself at another fork in the road , trying to come to terms with grief and loss of ones close to you , and realizing that you have a duty to carry on and be strong for them , even though you miss them like crazy , and just wish for a massive hug , and reassuring eyes . I MISS YOU BOTH . I promise you that this man is going to make you both proud , RIP 
Write your name in ninja : A = ka B = zu C = mi D= te E = ku F = lu G = ji H = r I = ki J = zu K = me L = ta M = rin N = to O= mo P = no Q = ke R = shi S= ari T = chi U = do V= ru W = me X = na Y = fu Z = zi 
Awesome bidding on a racing bike on trademe , going to get rid of OJ , and ride again . 
I have saved over $700 in the last two weeks , get rid of the car thats an additional $40 per wk . 
The bikes going to save me heaps , and by july at this rate of saving I can get a healthy car and laptop for studys , yay 
Tell you what I'm glad I went through everything in my live , the trauma the grief and the scars that made me me . Without these things in my life , there would be no compassion , no empathy , no intuition , no selflessness that makes me me . 
My good friend Maka told me Kia Kaha , my roots go deep like a Totara tree and its so so true . Onwards a proud man , standing tall and smiling . 
Grateful to life , that I have been blessed with sweet company , through tough times and learnt so much on what it means to do ones best for others no matter the price . 
No greater gift that giving all of ones self for someone elses future . 
Thank you life :) 
I promise to fight on Tyler and find a way to keep my word to you . I love my son and he is one amazing young man who makes me so so proud . 
I could not wish in life to have a better son , Tyler you make me so happy even when you are so many miles away , and I see you so so rarely , wouldn't trade anything for the love and happiness you bring to your father . xoxoxoxox 
My good friends , think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy . Anne Frank 
Cool another week of work over , and still moving positively forward towards my nursing career , advanced training course next week at the IPU , hmmm that means two day weekend then 12 days work straight , bring it on !!!!! 
Well the Orbea Roadbike is super quick , 12 minutes from El Viso Place in Kamo to Liquorland Kensington , 19 minutes to Otaika , Otaika is 9.5 km . 
Upgrades done so far , new seat , lights , carbon fiber front forks , carbonpro stem and handle bars . 
is sitting here listening to Placebo , thinking of his dear best friend who he misses so so badly 
Life , 
I never have been one to deserve to ask for anything , as so much of my life has been shallow and selfish 
.... but this morning I ask sweetly one thing .. 
Please bring my best friend back to me 
Im so excited !! Today at 1300hrs I do my first skydive from 10,000 feet , will upload photos . Woo Hoo 
Absolutely happy as , thats one less thing on my bucket list !!!! 
I encourage everyone , write a bucket list , it will make life so much more enriching and worthwhile 
If I had my time again , I would have started a bucket list many years ago 
Looking to get a crew together for a team sky jump , three of us so far , anyone else interested ? 
The more in the crew the cheaper the jump price 
Cross ur fingers for me , months of planning has come down to me receiving a congratulatory letter from Northtech saying I have been accepted for an interview for Bachelor of Nursing . 
Interview is at 10.30 am on Tuesday the 31st of May 
Well folks . It is official , I'm accepted for the Bachelor of Nursing July intake , I start my degree on the 26th . I'm so happy . Its been 9 months of planning to get this far . 
