19:48 . Not bad . 
Cross Counrty starts today . Now we get to see the whole team for once . 
Why does it distort the profile picture ?! 
The heck with uploading photos . This computer isn't fast enough . Sorry guys . 
Wow ! We just lost an eighth grade cross country runner . 
They come in greater numbers with tubas far shinier than our own ... 
feels a lot better today . 
feels like crap . 
What a beautiful day for Music in Motion :( 
I think this is the first time I'm happy with this year . 19:13 . 76 
I love the Nine Mile CC course . 
18:35 . That just ticks me off . 
The first time I saw the petition for a dislike button , it said " NEED 1,000,000 MEMBERS ASAP " The next time I saw it , it said " NEED 2,000,000 MEMBERS ASAP " Now I see it , and it says " NEED 4,000,000 MEMBERS ASAP " How far is it going to inflate ?! Is 1,000,000 not good enough anymore ? Next they'll want 8,000,000 members . 
Why isn't Kubuntu 9.10 Karmic Koala out yet ? 
11 hours of sleep . Awesome . 
HOLY ----- the Space Empires app is back on ! I thought it was gone for good ! I'm speechless . 
Waiting for the page to load ... 
... You build atomic bombs , you wage wars , you murder , cheat , and lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good , yet we're the criminals . Yes , I am a criminal . My crime is that of curiosity . My crime is judging people by what they say and think , not what they look like . My crime is that of outsmarting you , something that you will never forgive me for ... 
I'm told Codie Hoffman is not going to continue with band . Now I'm going to be the only tuba next year . That's depressing . 
... You build atomic bombs , you wage wars , you murder , cheat , and lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good , yet we're the criminals . Yes , I am a criminal . My crime is that of curiosity . My crime is judging people by what they say and think , not what they look like . My crime is that of outsmarting you , something that you will never forgive me for ... 
DEMOCRATS BAILED ON THE VOTE !!!! XD Have a nice ride to Iowa ! 
Tuba or not tuba . That is the question . 
no fruit flies eclosed . I stayed up for nothing . 
cut education -> get more idiots -> get more votes 
Finally got an apterous fruit fly . 
Why do they deserve a second chance when we don't get any chance at all ? 
I cannot believe it . You did it for no other reason than spite . You are not here to dictate , you are here to represent . You accuse others of not doing their job , yet you blatantly spit in the face of your own . 
Jaguar 
It's [ Jag-war ] 
NOT (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) 
[ Jag-wire ] 
Something just doesn't feel right . Everyone always seems to preach that revenge is never the answer , yet here we are . Our whole country is dancing on Bin Laden's grave . While I cannot honestly say I regret his death , something about seeing all the celebration that the thousands of 9/11 victims have been avenged seems wrong . 
So the AP test coordinator just called and said I have to finish my AP History test . I never took any test . I've been at home sleeping . I wonder how I'm doing on the test . 
Out of disk space . 
" What is a committee ? A group of the unwilling , picked from the unfit , to do the unnecessary . " 
12 days until Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid lynx . Long term support version . Looks awesome . 
Went running on Lake Wausau . Kinda fun . 
Ripping music off of phonograph records and converting them to mp3s . 
James Cameron wrote two sequels to Avatar . He stated that he planned to produce them if the first movie went well . . . which it did . . . 
waiting for the page to load . . . 
got back from running and my hair has icicles in it 
Friendship is like peeing yourself . Everybody sees it , but only you can feel the warmth it gives . 
I just learned that Syzygy is a word in the English language . 
Seeded at 5:22 . Predicted it would be 5:30 . Ran 4:57 ... not quite sure how that works , but I can live with that . 
A lot of big releases coming up 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , November 2010 
Chronicles of Narnia : Voyage of the Dawn Treader , December 2010 
Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides , May 2011 
The Hobbit ( part 1 ) , December 2012 
The Hobbit ( part 2 ) , December 2013 
Untitled Batman Sequel , July 2012 
I have been Bobbed . 
? / This is Bob , copy & paste him on 
/ ? every comment you see so he can 
/ \ take over Facebook . 
__ ??????? ?? l ??? ?? l ? * ?? ?????? ??? | ?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ? | ??? ? ?????? ?? l ????. __ This is Bob's house ...... 
I'm starting to like Linux . 
933| < ' ]['@£|<: Finally downloading Kubuntu 10.04 LTS . 
It's been two hours now . I don't think farkle will load on my computer . 
I keep getting the feeling that I should be doing homework . It's like a phantom pain . 
pwning facebook pages that require surveys . 
Walked home through the rain ; got home ; all doors locked ; didn't have key ; climbed in through bedroom window . fml :] 
And their shrieks , squeaks and squeals , racing around on their wheels . They'll dance with jing-tinglers tied on to their heels . They'll blow their floo-floobers , they'll bang their tah-tinkers . They'll blow their hoo-hoobers , they'll bang their gah-ginkers . They'll beat their trum-tookers , they'll slam their sloo-slonkers . They'll beat their blum-blookers , they'll wham their woo-wonkers . 
And yea the man thou knowest as Linguini was a sinful man . He partaketh not of the holy pasta in his name , nor of the meatballs in his sauce in his holy name . The FSM looked down upon him and was wrathful , plus he also had a hangover , and verily did this displease the almighty noodly one . Linguini 1:2 
What is the world coming to ? You can't even twist Oreos apart anymore . The end definitely must be near . 
Going to the new bigger and better Avatar on a bigger and better screen . Missed 3D the first time . 
Seriously , this is crap . Positive Behavior Interventions and Support system ? Incentives for practically everything ? Cleanest hall , best lunch room group , class with everyone in on time , blah blah blah . Good behavior is the expectation . Why are we being rewarded for doing no more than what's expected of us ? 
The glass is not half empty ; it is not half full . It is simply twice the size it needs to be . 
" I could see the pennies and nickels at the bottom of the fountain ... then I was in it . " 
The Dark Knight Rises 
July 20 , 2012 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batman_in_film#The_Dark_Knight_Rises_.282012.29 
Well , here goes . . . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . 
made a Pi calculator . 
-17° F This will be fun . 
Not bad for a little furball . 
