its been raining the whole damn week ... wouldnt bother me if the old man could still work in the rain ! 
so many people i havent talked to years on here ! hope everyone is doing good ! 
I just wanna be successful 
Class tomorrow !!! im so excited i can barely contain myself ! yall wish me luck 
takin son to speech therapy thn off to buy halloween costumes ... gaurantee u ... every day until halloween he'll be bugging me to try it on lol 
free at lastttt only worked 4 hours but it damn sure felt like 8 ! 
ready to take on what the day has in store ! 
new to facebook ..... gotta figure it out 
Might as well get this work day started ... thats the only way to get it done 
its been a great weekend ... really enjoyed being off ... * sigh * a girl could get used to this 
vacation is winding down .... damn time flies when u aint doin sh*t lol 
work today then vacation for a week ! i really need it too ! 
Flood pics are up ... scary $hit 
OMG ! were flooded out the water is like a foot away from the house ... god help us ! 
Class went well ... long and boring but its out of the way ! The first step to the new and improved me is complete ... WHATS NEXT ???? 
Do what makes U happy 
if you fail to plan u plan to fail ! 
ugh i do not wanna work this 3-11 today ! 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works ... it does work ... idk y it does lol but it does 
Special request from a friend of a friend . Diana Harrison Biorkman has a 5-year old son in his last stages of a 2 1/2 year battle with Neuroblastoma Cancer . They are celebrating Christmas next weekend and Noah loves Christmas cards . Please take a minute to send a card to : Noah Biorkman 1141 Fountain View Circle , South Lyon , MI 48178 . Thank you so much and PLEASE REPOST onto your wall . Lets get a truck load to him ! · . 
feel like dogshit in a can 
Oh arent I the lucky one ??? 
Today is me and joshs 9 yr . ann ..... i feel like it was only yesterday ... he says it feels like 25 yrs .... nice huh lol 
Remember the reason for the holiday .... give thanks for everything u hold near and dear to u because its not promised to be there tomorrow ... Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
goin to check out the gym were about to join ... nice to get in shape ... even nicer to watch my honey get all sweaty ..... 
bout to get in the bed n snuggle up to my honey ... goodnight world 
damn only 2 days left til im officially off one JOB and headed to a CAREER ... i feel half way like a responsible adult and half like a scared little kid ... oh well ... carpe diem 
ugh how come when its friday for everyone else its monday for me ??? 
tomorrow is my last lazy day ... my next move is most definatly my best 
When you learn to open one door many others will open for you .... If you try to open five at once none of them will open 
today was a good day =) 
if i were a dog and u were a flower id lift my leg and give u a shower ! 
does anyone or anything really change ? 
This is number 1 !!!!! 
As scarce as the truth is , it's supply has always been in excess of its demand 
Finally back ! feels good to be home although i must admit 11 days of vacation thanks to the flood wasnt so bad 
Keep our kids safe !!!! http://kidsafecommunities.com/programs.html click on the family watch dog to see all registered sex offenders in ur area ... i seen a few people ive seen around and one dude i almost worked for ... crazy that some of these scumbags are free to roam the streets and lust after our kids !!! 
R.I.P. Brittany Murphy 
well this is it .... so many people im gonna miss but its time to move on .... wish me luck ! 
My door just got shut but my window is sure to open ... 
For everytime u think of me and wish that i was near .... recall a memory of which u hold dear ... take comfort in all the laughter and shed a tear for pain ... smile for all the memories of time we cant regain 
May this be the year all ur hopes and dreams come true ... Happy 2010 people ! 
crazy how life goes ..... 
aww hell , lexi's got a fever and headache ... praying some meds and rest makes my baby feel good . 
Amber alert !! 3 yr old boy taken by man in Rochester MN driving 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse .. Plate # 98B351 .. Repost if you wish .. You know you would keep it going if it was someone you knew " Seriously !!! I expect to see this repeated on this page many times .... a child is in danger !!!!!! 
k . i . m . - keep it movin ' 
any other ladies that wish u were a boy one week out of the month ???? 
is wondering wtf im up at 5:30 on a saturday morning but i cant drag my butt outta bed on time during the week for nothing ... 
Christal Samson India Foxtrot Yankee Oscar Uniform Charlie Alpha November Uniform November Delta Echo Romeo Sierra Tango Alpha November Delta Tango Hotel India Sierra , Charlie Oscar Papa Yankee Alpha November Delta Papa Alpha Sierra Tango Echo Tango Oscar Yankee Oscar Uniform Romeo Sierra Tango Alpha Tango Uniform Sierra 
4 day weekend for the kiddos .... this should be interesting 
Just had some awesome chinese food ... now im really ready for a shower and an early night in bed ... what a grandma ! 
Take timeeee with a wounded hand .... cuz it likes to healll 
Merry Christmas to all and to all a goodnight ! 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my page 
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I love my kids . They may not be perfect but they are mine and I LOVE THEM UNCONDITIONALLY !!! 
my baby will be home today ... its goin down ! 
I love his big ego 
Shes a bad mamma jamma 
abbazabba ... u my only friend 
reconnecting on facebook with people i havent talked to in years .... I <3 technology ! 
my honeys taking me to Olive Garden tonight ..... <3 good food and good company =) 
Actions speak louder than words . 
time to hook up a delicious breakfast for my loves ! 
man kids in the south are spoiled !!!! growing up in new england we didnt get a snow day unless there was 6+ inches of snow .... here in louisiana school is cancelled at the thought of a lil bit of snow and freezing rain falling ... crazy ish ! 
kiddos got a birthday party to go to soon ... enjoying the new hair cut but not the $hitty weather !! 
" Haven't u heard of tree services ? " she scolded in the sudden silence when Dillon cut the chainsaw off . 
im so blessed to have a beautiful family with the love of my life =) 
please let this day go how i hope it does ! 
what would u do for a klondike bar ? 
What does the C.O.L.T.S. stand for ?.... Count On Losing The Superbowl ... if your a true saints fan pass it on ! GO SAINTS !!! 
mardi gras parade today ... too bad joshie is sick as a dog and me and himn have to stay home ... oh well ... mommy n me day for him ! 
Its true that we dont know what we have til its gone but its also true that we dont know what were missing until it arrives 
Luck be a lady today ! 
i wanna kno how come none of my cafe friends are sending me gifts ??? wtf people ? 
Happy Valentines Day !!! 
All thats necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing . -Benjamin Franklin 
words dont really mean much ... people will say whatever they think they have to get what they want at that moment 
WHO DAT ?!?!?!?!?! 
The way he handles me at my worst lets me know he deserves my best <3<3 
What should i scream for ... this is my theme park 
I got my kids , my man , my family , and my new career ... its good to be me ! 
and i ask cuz im not sure .... does anyone make real $hit anymore ? 
Know when to hold em and know when to fold em 
bout to make some bacon cheeseburgers with all the fixins and some onion rings .... good eats 
Here are 4 things you can't recover : The stone ... after the throw . The word ... after it's said . The occasion ... after it's missed . The time .... after it's gone 
random girls night out ... is the world ready ??? 
Life can never be exactly the way you want it ... be happy and grateful for what you have or end up with nothing at all 
sweetdreams facebook friends 
HUNGOVER .... blahhh 
From the moment I saw u , I wanted to be inside u , I love Ur smell , the way Ur tongue feels , the way u tighten and loosen mmmmmm , NEW SHOES !!!!!!!!!! 
Happy St. Patricks day ..... u better be wearing green or I'll give your arse a pinch !!! 
It is not the strongest of the species that survives , nor the most intelligent , but the one most responsive to change . 
Big thangz poppin for my babys bday weekend ! 
Change is the essence of life . Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become . 
been a good n productive day ... lexi bein a good lil helper def . made it easier for me .... <3 my babies ! 
my fine is $800.10 .... holy $hit ima bad girl 
By plucking her petals u do not gather the beauty of the flower . 
goin to kick some arse on mortal kombat ! 
Happy Valentines night * wink * 
just spilled burning hot coffee all over my self and my phone ... fml 
just went for a nice 2 mile walk .... beautiful outside ! 
Goodnight wonderful world of facebook .... sweetdreams ! 
so last night's trueblook was pretty good ... a lot of shit came out and the kiss between Eric and Sookie was hot ... cant wait for the last 2 episodes ! 
Seriously ? 
Hatred paralyzes life ; love releases it . Hatred confuses life ; love harmonizes it . Hatred darkens life ; love illuminates it ~ Martin Luther King 
Show in Longview tomorrow night ... I'm excited and ready to watch my guys perform ! 
well wonderful world of facebook book i must bid you adue ... sweetdreams ZzZzZzZz 
my swaggas on a hundred ... thousand ... trillion !! 
I know u like to think your shit dont stink , but lean a lil bit closer n see that roses really smell like boo-booOOOoooOOO 
How people treat you is their karma --- but how you react is yours ! Always remember that ! 
If you cant laugh at yourself allow me to do it for you 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
my mom goes in for a kidney biopsy today ... hopefully will be home soon after a week in the hospital ... all the prayers u can spare will be much appreciated 
here comes the rain ... for some reason i love thunderstorms ... i find them powerful and strangely erotic .... weird i know 
Hey My Tribe friends ... please add Pamela Osgood ... she plays daily and needs more neighbors ... Thanks 
I am a chauffeur , a daycare provider , a chef , a maid and a counselor . And I do it all for free . No I am not stupid ... I am a mom . 
perception is everything 
All our lamps are different but the light is still the same ! 
No matter how bad the economy gets you can always feel rich at the dollar store ! 
bout to go snuggle up to my boo and drift off into the land of nod ... g'nite fb ppl ! 
Let he without sin cast the first stone 
Happy Haunting folks ! 
chicken fajitas were delicious .... especially since I've never made them before 
Knowledge is like knowing that a tomato is a fruit . Wisdom is knowing not to put it in your fruit cocktail . 
if you don't give a damn I don't give a phuck 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shines aint always gonna be gold .... 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself <3 Alexis & Joshie :) 
walked 3 miles yesterday and now have 2 blisters ... you cant win ! 
To all the mothers out there that hold it down all the time ... Happy Mother's day ... everyday we live makes an impact on this earth ... touching the life of a child is the first step towards a better future for us all ... Much Love and Respect to all you ladies !!! 
ughhhh c'mon coffee ! 
I was told by Pamela Osgood that I must watch law abiding citizen 
6 flags tomorrowwwww !!!!!!!! 
Ok shreveport people ... Show tonight @ Mia's on Stoner Ave ... some of the port's finest local hip-hop , cold liquor and good company .... come kick it with me ! 
Daughters will hold your hand for only a little while , but will hold your heart for a life time . It's " Daughters Week " - If you have a daughter that makes your life worth living by just being around her , copy and paste this to your wall . Alexis you bring light to everyday of my life ! Mommy <3 s you !! 
is wondering what the person who found out milk comes from cows thought they were doing at the time ??? 
Texas this weekend and damn am i ready !! 
A wise girl knows her limits ... a great girl knows she has none ! 
long day ahead =/ 
When you remember how hard it is to change yourself , you begin to understand what little chance we have of changing others . 
So excited ... gettin all my fly $hit together then hittin the road ! 
Feeling good today ... got a fun weekend to look forward to and a beautiful day to enjoy with the kids now ! 
When it rains it a fuckin hurricane comes =/ 
Lexi's first day of third grade !!! amazing how fast the time passes ... Joshie will be in Kindergarden tomorrow ..... goodluck to my babies and all the kiddos starting school today ! 
Its been a pretty shitty day ... very glad its over ... say a prayer for me and my loved ones cuz we can really use it right now ... g'nite fb ! 
Love is nice , unconditional love is better . 
Bout to all get prettied up and ready to support my love and his crew ... All my local friends looking for something to do : Benny's Bar in Longview ... MSE and RHYME U live on stage !! 
Found out last night that toilet paper is a luxury in the Philippenes , and most of the native use dried out corncobs .... definitely makes me thankful that I was born in America . 
Will be in the ATX at this time tomorrow ... I'll sleep well tonight because for the whole weekend there wont be any rest for the wicked ! 
Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore , but somedays I sit n wish I was a kid again ..... 
walked another 3 today so that makes 8 miles in a week ... It feels good to be on the road to a better and healthier me ! 
Such a pretty day ... too bad everything else sucks 
007 ... ur a bitch for makin me play this game BUT your MY bitch .... any and all requests need to come thru me ! I love you always and will be here for you in all times of need ! 
bringing lexi for her 8 yr check up later today ... my how the time flies 
We are all here for some special reason . Stop being a prisoner of your past . Become the architect of your future . 
Hi Ho Hi Ho its off to work I go 
There's only one true judge and thats GOD .... so chill and let my father do his job 
well mom went for round 2 of dialysis today ... lost 7 lbs yesterday and 10 lbs today ... thats crazy but im so happy shes feeling better ... doctor said if her labs look better in the morning she gets to come home tomorrow ... please pray that she gets to because we all miss her terribly .... thank god for modern medicine ! 
It is what it is .... dont ever think it can be something else 
sunburnt and sleepy ... goodnight folks 
I'd like to thank my son for surely passing on the influenza virus to me .... i feel it coming on fml 
check out the video yall ... had a blast at 6 flags ! 
peopleofpublictransit.com .... all my fellow peopleofwalmart lovers will enjoy this 
rise and grind ! 
awww facebook .... did yall miss me today ? 
Free your mind and the rest will follow 
no no we dont die .... yes we multiply 
ZzZzZz 
You can pay for school but you can't buy class ! 
do unto others as you want done to you 
a lot of bad things seem to be happening lately ... i guess thats how it goes ... the wheel of life spins up and down just really hope its on the way back up . 
lemme see the crack ..... rip it open ! ( inside joke !! LoL ) 
when the bullshit gets really thick is when you discover who truly cares 
So , Larry King is getting his 8th divorce , and Elizabeth Taylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time . Jesse James and Tiger Woods are , well , you know . Even Newt Gingrich is on his 3rd marriage . Britney Spears was married exactly 55 hours on a whim . Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? REALLY ?! Feel free to copy and paste if you agree 
ugh headaches and heartaches =/ 
always misses the fun stuff 
sippin on a drink and chillin 
seems like the new year is gonna have good things in store for me and the fam .... will have to just wait n see .... for now time to get ready for work 
Just one word of encouragement can make the difference between giving up & going on . There is power in what you say ; speak carefully . 
WOW its funny how people ask for favors when things are " supposedly " going bad but dont have a word to say when things are good ... It's funny that you chose to do the things that led up to you leaving but you wanna blame everyone else .. You should search thru that brain of yours and sort thru all the LIES and all the TRUTHS ... 
<3 coffee .... i could drink it all day 
sippin on some wine and contemplating the great mysteries of life ......... j/k .... only getting tipsy LoL 
Mia's tonight ... ready for some fun and good music .... and maybe a couple cocktails lol 
I have carried my 
children within my body . I have nurtured and comforted my baby uponmy 
chest . My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I 
am happy because I see a mother and there is no greater honoror 
blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a Mother ? ? 
Life is NOT like a box of chocolates , its like a coin . You can spend it any way you want , but remember it can only be spent once . 
Off to the land of nod .... sweetdreams facebook 
i can be so clumsy sometimes .... last night while making dinner i spilled boiling water on my stomach and theres a red spot there , then when i was putting something in the oven i touched the heating coil and have a nice long blister right under my thumb ... ouch 
As scarce as the truth is , it's supply has always been in excess of it's demand ! 
Whatever u give a woman , she will make it 
greater . Give her sperm , she will give u a baby , Give her a house , she 
will give u a home . Give her groceries , she will give u a meal . Give her 
a smile and she will give u her heart . She multiplies an enlarges what 
she is given . So if u give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of ... 
shit . Post it on your wall if u agree . 
my honey just bought me and my mother some roses ... He can be so sweet and thoughtful .... ladies if you have a good man hold on tight ! 
So many reasons .... just say because 
SON WEEK ? If you have a son who makes your lifeinteresting , fun and hectic at times , who has been a blessing in yourlife and makes life worth living just by being around you as well asdestroy your perfect blood pressure readings at times - copy andpastethis to your status !! 
I would love to know who coined the term " Have a happy period " .... Everyone I know is always a miserable bitch ! 
Happy Cinco De Mayo .... Who's buying my first Corona ? 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for 10 minute ones with the door open , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing !! With Mother's day drawing near let's see how many moms repost this . We moms don't care what we gave up and will continue to give up willingly for our children 
Just got back from Lexi's field day ... on her birthday mind you .... her class took first place in 3 events ... So proud of my baby ! <3<3 
The early bird gets the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese ! 
When you do what you've always done , you'll get what you've always gotten . Now ROger Dat !!! 
children with 
special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a 
request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for 
at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of 
all children made in a unique way and who learn a little 
............ differently ? 
boring friday night =\ 
Karma is only a bitch if you were 
dont you compare me cuz there aint nobody near me 
kids are out and the smartass antics intensify ... someone get me my paddle ! 
Terrible day ... dont look like tomorrow is going to be much better ... my mom has to do her first round of dialysis tomorrow =( trying to be strong but its hard seeing someone you love most on this planet going thru so much pain 
being a procrastinator definitely made me feel like I was on Dinner Impossible last night , 2 huge pans of cornbread , 90 enchiladas and a gigantuan pot of Rotel dip .... shout out to Pammycakes for staying up all night on the phone while I did the Mexican style Betty Crocker thing 
last day of school = last day of sanity 
* Massachusetts girls have fire & ice in 
our blood . We can ride 4 wheelers in our bikini , run after you in 
our stilletos and throw a left and right hook without breaking a nail . 
we can drink beer n belch w/ the boys or cook dinner and sip wine with 
their families . we can kick your ass in sports then spend hours at the 
salon . if ... we have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear it . Repost 
if you are a true Mass girl * 
I def need a dose of Fukitol today ! 
My friend and I are having a debate .... 
Reguarding childrens friends and how they address us . If your name was 
John or Jane Smith in your opionion how should they address you : A . ) 
Jane/John B . ) Mr. John/ Mrs. Jane or C . ) Mr. Smith/ Mrs. Smith Please reply 
we are trying to get statistics . 
WHYYYY why wont this cold get any better ?!?!? 
Is ready for the weekend !! Rockin Rodeo this sat with the first friend I met down here in Looziana ! Just Now 
I " m Rick James bitch .... show me your titties 
im not sure what that last link i posted is ... comes up blank and sent to a bunch of friends .... yall dont click it ! 
If you believe in Jesus Christ put this on your wall . Don't just ignore this because the Bible says , if you deny him , he will deny you in front of his father at the gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you loveGod and you are not ashamed then copy this to your wall . 
Its always something ! 
watching worlds funniest animals with the kids ... they are so silly 
got a facial and my makeup done ... very nice n relaxing then a lil shopping ... really enjoying myself but man i miss my babies =( 
The mind will intellectualize it , the heart will emotionalize it , yet the gut never lies . 
Fake (+) (+) , Perfect ( o)(o ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) and even Grandmas \o/\o/ . Big ( • )( • ) or small (.) (.) save them all . REPOST for BreastCancer Awareness ! And save the Ta Ta's! 
do or die time baby ... GEAUX SAINTS !!! 
when 
you're having a bad day just remember it could always be 
worse ... picture this ... you and your brother are siamese twins , he's gay 
you're not , he has a date tonight , y'all only have one ass ..... 
damn mother nature .... what a nice going away present u gave me =/ 
Just Received some terribly sad news ... A friend of mine passed away while I was gone and the funeral is already done ... unbelieveable how quickly and suddenly people are taken from us sometimes ... Kimberley McDonald Roberts you will be missed . 
Sometimes you have to reach your destination before you fully appreciate the journey . 
If you are patient in one moment of anger , you will escape a hundred days of sorrow . 
jambalaya ... yummylishisness 
Alright Let's get it then Steelers !!!!! 
People always get what they deserve .... ask yourself if you're doing the things that will get you what you want 
sippin on some tea feeling oh so sophisticated and civilized 
If you have a wonderful man who works hard 
to take care of you and would do anything for you ; he makes you laugh , 
he's your best friend and wants to grow old with you , he will always 
pick you up when you're down , he's your world and someone that you are thankful for , then post this on your status and give the good men the recognition they deserve !! 
sweetdreams facebookers ! 
going dress shopping later today .... im thinking a deep purple with gold accessories ... we'll see what i come up with tho 
Is ready for the weekend !! Rockin Rodeo this sat with the first friend I met down here in Looziana ! 
kids and thier crazy shows these days LoL 
Job interview at TJMAXX tomorrow ... wish me luck ! 
\||____ 
| The STFU Truck |||” " ‘|” " \__ , _ 
| _____________ l||__|__|__|) 
| (@) @)” " ” " ” " ”**| (@) (@)** |( 
cowabunga dudes !!!! 
I just love all these people who blame Obama for everything wrong with this country .... I really wonder how anyone could forget the idiot who spent 8 yrs in office and left a big mess for the next man to clean up ... everyone always b*tching about healthcare .... 30 million Americans will now have the chance to see a doctor regularly and get medicines they desperately need 
blah blah blah ... shuttup ! 
I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest , nor have the most perfect body ... Imight 
not be anyone's first choice . but I am a GREAT choice . I don't pretend to 
be someone else .. because I am good at being ME . I may not be proud of 
some of the things I've done ... but I am proud of who I ... am ... today . 
Take me as I am , or don't take me at ... all . ( your loss) ~ Copy&post if you love to live your life being you !! AMEN 
you cant have a rainbow without the rain so you cant have the happiness without the pain 
I hate the kinda headaches that start before you even wake up then persist thru out the day ! 
The greatest thing you can teach a person is confidence , for if you teach them that , you never have to teach them anything else ! 
my baby had to work the late shift today .... gonna be weird without him in the evening 
full as a tick ... enjoying a couple adult beverages 
The difference between ' involvement ' and ' commitment ' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast : the chicken was ' involved ' - the pig was ' committed ' 
got myself all ready now time to wake the heathens 
ok time to go outside and clean the deck ... woe is me 
hate waking up with a headache =/ 
I always have the craziest damn dreams .... wtf 
wow im proud of comcast ... the said they would be here between 10 and 1 ... so naturally i didnt expect them until around 2 ... they came at 12 and actually got done before 1 ... amazing 
after 3 weeks and 3 emails my chat is finally working again ... thanks fb 
Aint this a bitch ?!?! 
mmmmm homemade pineapple pudding ! 
Happy Father's day to all the Dads that do what theyre supposed to do ! 
Im jealous of Pamela Osgood I want a wii fit !!!!!! 
Roses are red and violets are blue , if I had a brick I'd throw it at you !!! 
mom is finnaly out of the hospital and safe at home ... she still has to go for a kidnet biopsy sometime next week so we will have more info then but she is feeling much better 
my babygirl is going to summer camp for a week .... I know she'll have fun but momma is gonna miss her so much 
I definitely have a love/hate relationship with Wal-mart ... it's 5 mins down the road from me and they have virtually everything a person a could need at reasonable prices but dammit if i dont feel like they get all my money ... I gotta go for bread and milk and let's all hope i dont end up walking out with 100$ worth of $hit 
Good luck is the result of good planning 
well yesterdays dress shopping didnt go as planned so me and my bae are gonna try it again 
tired as the f%@ ... g'nite facebookers ! 
1 step forward and then 3 steps back ... my lovely new job ?? Was just laid off from it ... its sucks but have to take the good with the bad and the ugly 
who's that peepin in my window ??? BLLLLOOOWWWEEE nobody nowww 
Certain things make you realize just how quickly someone can be taken from you ... today I was reminded yet again ... Please people- appreciate everyday and every moment you are blessed to have with the people who mean the most to you .. Do not wait til it's too late to let them know just how special they are and then be left wishing you had more time ... Sweet dreams facebook <3 to my real people <3 
Happy 4th people ... here's to good friends , good food and good memories ! 
ZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzz 
Had a great time at the wedding and the show last night ... my honey looked so handsome and I dont think I was too shabby either ... tired as the F%@# today tho ! 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? ( Copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get ) 
almost time for trueblood .... should be a good one ! 
Buck Nasty ... whats can I say about that suit that hasn't already been said about Afghanistan ? It looks bombed out and depleted 
the 2 household chores that pile up the most are my two most despised .... dishes and laundry ... oh well time to get motivated 
spoke too soon ... my chat worked for exactly 2 minutes .... lovely ! 
wanna fanta ... dont u wanna wanna a fanta ... i do ... pineapple please ! 
I want to know why the F$@& there were no magic little fairies that came to my house to do the dishes ?!?!?!? 
Change 
your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The 
goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . 
Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the 
same . 
Is sad that the never ending pasta bowl at Olive Garden Italian Restaurant is gonna be over on sunday and I didnt make it there this year ! 
Watch your 
thoughts they become words . Watch your words they become actions . Watch 
your actions they become habits . Watch your habits they become 
character . Watch your character it becomes your destiny . 
Write your hurts in the sand and cast your blessings in stone . 
I <3 AUSTIN !!!!!!!!! 
hottest cartoon chick ... Lois from family guy .... Jessica Rabbit or Betty Boop ?? 
When it rains its a fuckin tsunami 
Omg ! I got a tooth thats hurting like a summamabish ! 
well my boo is at work for the night and the kids are passed out .... time for mama to crashhhh 
? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
Absence is to love 
What wind is to fire ; 
It extinguishes the small , 
It enkindles the great 
you aint got no sugar ??? damnnnnn yall aint neva got 2 things that match ... either u got koolaid no sugar ... peanut butter no jelly ... ham no burger ... damnnnn 
hahaha dont you know I will slap the fucking expression off your face ?? 
up and ready to face this 4 day week :) 
ok its time to start the preperations and get all beautified ! 
get out the waaaayyyyyyy pretty girl comin thru ... me and my crew we swaggin in the room 
school for both the youngins tomorrow ... wow at this point I would have thought life would be all be coming together but at times it seems its really just beginning 
You have more than some and less than others ... but you ALWAYS have something to give ... help out when you can ! 
Call 
it a clan , call it a network , call it a tribe , call it a family . 
Whatever you call it , whoever you are , you need one . ~ Jane Howard 
relaxing til work at 3:30 ... booooooooooooooooooo 
TrueBlood tonight .... really makes me wish i was a vamp 
My heart goes out to the families of the 6 teens that drowned here in Shreveport ... although there are no comforting words during the loss of a child you will all be in my prayers . 
Thanks for all the bday wishes my great facebook friends ! 
up and moving ... have a great day people ! 
" Life is not a having and a getting , but a being and a becoming . " Myrna Loy 
oh how I love cleaning up after kids 
Im coming up so you betta get this party started !!! @ Mia's tonight for the Marvelous Starz Hip-Hop show ... free to get in and drink specials all night ! 
The road to your best life is always the bumpiest one 
pretty funny what people will say when they dont think anyone is looking or listening .... oh well it is what it is ... off to earn my keep ... dueces ! 
I <3 yoplait's blueberry patch light yogurt ! 
hoppin in the shower ... Calgon take me away ! 
not excited about going to work 
yo momma so fat she went to Sea World to get baptized ! 
people dont wanna think anymore .... they just wanna feel 
sweetdreams facebook ;) 
Trueblood season finale !!!!!!! 
goodnight cyber world ! 
Nothing like seeing how independent your child is on the first day of kindergarden .... i looked at him all teary eyed and said bye son ... he took a break from his chatter yelled BYE then continued on talking =*) makes his momma proud .... both of my babies do ! 
lookin , smellin , feelin like a millions bucks ! 
Update on my mom : they found a very large bloodclot next to her kidney ... they have started meds to dissolve it and she should be ok but we still need all the prayers we can get ! 
thanks for all the prayers and kind words concerning my mom ... it means a lot to me and my fam <3 my fb friends ! 
All these people posting about how its sad homeless go hungry and elderly without medicines and so on and so on .... when was the last time u gave a hungry person you didn't know a meal ?? When have you bought an elderly person their meds ?? Yes America could do some more work in our own country but I'm damn sure you could too 
The day flies by when ur rippin and running the roads .... still lovin this job ! 
Having 
children was my choice ... I will give up things and go without to 
provide for them ... Pity some parents choose to give up on their 
children and never go without ... copy and paste this if you are a proud 
parent who will always put your children first and not last ! 
Got a evening boost of energy and cleaned up the kitchen and living room ... its always nice to wake up to a clean house 
a lot of ups and downs this year ... im thankful its coming to a close relatively soon .... heres hoping 2011 will be way less turbulent ! 
hahahahha cowgirls ... you lose !!!! 
AACCHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?... If you're allergic to bullcrap , drama , head games , liars , & fake people , keep this sneeze going ... 
parmesan crusted chicken , asparagus , corn and creamy garlic shells .... yummm 
Headed to ATX tomorrow til Sunday !! Gonna be nice to get away for a while 
got a cool day planned for tomorrow ..... sleep well cruel world ill see you in the morning 
been cleaning ALL day ... time to hop up in the showerrrrr 
Put this as your status and see what people love about you . I love your _______ ???? 
been a very productive girl today , cleaned everything up , washed floors and doing laundry ... cant wait to escape for a while tonight for some good friends , good music and good alcoholic beverages 
school canceled again at just the mere thought of snow .... gotta love it 
For anyone concerned ... Mom went back into the hospital this morning ... shes not feeling good at all ... 318212500 room 301 but dont call til later because they gave her morphine and shes asleep 
Well im not sure how the TJMAXX interview went ... it was short n sweet and she informed me that she had 3 other interviews ... She seemed to have liked me tho so we will see ... I was a little bummed but a lil while after I got back Chase bank called for an interview ! 
H . A . T . E . R . S = Having Anger Towards Everyone Reaching Success 
The things some people say to get the attention of a 1000 facebook friends they dont even know ..... 
Colonel Mustard in the kitchen with the candlestick ! 
hey Mylissa Tellier ..... 364 more days til Christmas !!!! 
Interview this a.m @ 9 .... keep your fingers crossed ! 
Do it better than them all ..... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fjZtyBBF7Y 
feelin like shit =/ 
Lexi and I both feeling horrible today =[ 
Had a great time in Austin but there is definitely no place like home 
Everybody is someone's weirdo .... I <3 mine 
about to go run some errands and put in some apps with Tanisha ImBossy Prim 
Friends ..... how many of us have them ? 
Good things come to those who wait ! Got myself a pretty good job I think I'm gonna love with great pay and hours ... feeling very blessed !! 
The older I get , the more I realize that the journey through life is the reward and the memories are like friends that will stand by you to the end . 
getting a new tattoo .... badd girls !! 
Ready to face the world and this interview ! 
All I can say is ugh ! 
I'll never understand what it is about facebook and really the whole world wide web in general that makes people say any stupid fuckin thing that comes to mind .... You sound like a complete dumbass ... really you do ! 
Blood doesn't make you family ... Love does . 
Sweetdreams facebook 
Sometimes things dont go as planned but they still end up nice ... Happy Birthday Joshie ! 
What you don't see with your eyes , don't winess with your mouth ! 
SAINTS WIN IT !!!!!!!! Even tho my mouth is killin me I still cheered when they got that TD !!! 
I'll just sit here and watch my view of heaven from my seat in hell . I heard this earlier and thought it was so f'n interesting . 
No matter how fast light travels it always finds that the darkness got there first . 
time to catch my 40 winks .... nitey nite fb 
Why torture yourself when life will do it for you ? 
Saints games just arent the same without Reggie 
One hand washes the other and both hands wash the face . 
Happy Veteran's day ... I appreciate everyone who has ever served our country and fought to keep us safe ! 
is there a dentist in the house ???? please come and rip this horribly painful wisdom tooth from my mouth !! 
Make the most of all that comes and the least of all that goes . 
Tell me something good ..... 
Had a great time at the video shoot with all the old homie's .... can't wait to see the finished product ! 
Alexis got all A's & B's on her report card .... my super smat cookie ! 
Every Christmas u always hear people saying what they want and bought . Well this is what I want . I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families , to be adopted . I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Feel free to re-post if you agree ! 
I'M A 
HANDFUL !!!.... Unfortunately most women won't re-post this . I'm strong 
willed , independent , & outspoken . I make mistakes , I am sometimes 
out of control , & at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle 
me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a 
... HANDFUL , then repost this on your status .. 
Time to get ready for work .... feels good ! 
Rotisserie chicken breast , yellow rice , asparagus and corn = full as a tick ! 
10 yrs ago me and the man I love started going together ... it's been a long bumpy ride and we've had our fair share of rain ... we fuss we fight we hurt each other sometimes but at the end of the day we love each other and we make it work , Josh Bliss Lighten I love you ... thanks for everything you do and loving me back ! 
My word of advice to the world for today .... If you want to be better you have to do better 
If any of my friends here in the Shreveport-Bossier area know of any job openenings let me know plz ... this has been the toughest time ever trying to find a decent job 
~~~~~~~~~ lol ~~~~~~~~~~~ 
MERRY CHRISTMAS ! PASS THIS SNOW MAN AROUND- LET'S SEE HOW FAR HE GETS . . . 
.. _ ?? _ 
.. (´• ? •) 
. ( . • . ) 
( ... • .. ) 
I guess theres times when your best just isnt good enough 
Mylissa Tellier Santa baby , slip a sable under the tree , for me 
I've been an awful good girl 
Santa baby , and hurry down the chimney tonight 
Santa baby , an out-of-space convertible too , light blue 
I'll wait up for you dear 
lookin cute in my scrubs .... ready to go face the day with an " I'm so fresh " attitude !!!! 
Lexi has her first concert today .... even feelin sick with the flu momma's coming baby ! 
My favorite eating day of the year and of course my tooth would become abcessed and make my face all swollen ... oh well at least I have the Saint kicking the cowgirls ass to look forward to .... Happy Thanksgiving and gobble gobble !! 
making the kiddos some homemade chocolate chip cookies .... well guess they're for momma and daddy too lol 
Feeling pretty professional with my own desk and computer .... So happy about this job I could literally cry ! 
Interview today .... wish me luck facebook fam 
wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas ..... after all the presents are open and all the wrapping is thrown away take the time appreciate and enjoy the most precious gift of all ... life and the time we get to spend with those we love ! 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile .. 
" If you have only one smile in you , give it to the people you love . Don't be surly at home , then go out in the street and start grinning ' Good morning ' at total strangers . " - Dr. Maya Angelou 
Yo momma so dumb she brought an umbrella to see Purple Rain . 
fuck ittttt 
Ladies .... when a man shows you his true self please take it for what it is ... his actions speak WAY louder than words .... once his actions show you whats up never take what comes out of his mouth as the truth ... Character lies in a persons actions !!! 
going with my honey to a friends birthday bash ... time to get fLy ! 
WOW 2010 already coming to a close ... this year was a trying one with all the health problems my family endured and my up and down job search BUT I'm still here and I'm still loved ... as we all reflect on the past year take the time to really look at the wonderful things you have not only physically but mentally ... you are a phenomenal person and the only one who can stop 2011 from being your year is you !! 
enough slacking .... time to get ready 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
? If you have amazing children , put this as your status !! ? 
First God created man then he had a better idea ;) 
oh well better luck to my teams next year 
The irony of calling it Pride is that you do things that no one should be proud of . 
You always look beautiful in my minds eye 
messing around on these quizzes and just seen one that said " How fat will you get ? " LMAO ! 
*¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ! 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? •* 
¨ *•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
well my son has the flu AND strep ... blah 
:/ 
" Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . " 
—Martin Luther King Jr. 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
Having technical difficulties today :/ 
Even though I'm not a big fan of dishes and housework at night it is lovely to wake up to a nice clean home . 
Well .... consider my mind blown 
When you die it will not matter how much money you had , the size of your house or your car nor how many friends you had . The only thing that will matter is how much of an effect that you had in the life of a child . 
Time to go hook these hooligans up with some good eats . 
ugh why must I keep waking up at 5 am ?!?! 
How much of your personality is how you really are and how much of it just playing the role you think you're supposed to ? 
So , let me get this straight ... Charlie Sheen can make a " porn family , " Kelsey Grammer can end a 15-year marriage over the phone , Larry King can be on divorce #9 , Britney Spears had a 55-hour marriage , Jesse James and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you are proud to support equal rights . 
Hooking it up for my honey's bday today ... baby back ribs , cajun potato salad , baked beans , candied yams and chocolate cake ... can't wait til he gets home ! 
Happy Valentines to all you lovers out there :) 
headed to Ma . 
It has been scientifically proven that any woman can be satisfied with only 3 1/2 inches --- and it doesn't matter if it is Visa or Mastercard ... Lmao 
<3 red plums mmm mmm good 
Meatloaf , garlic mashed potatoes , and broccoli & cheese .... So %$%#'n hungry lol 
LAUGHBOOK ... CRYBOOK ... PUT ALL YOUR BUSINESS OUT THERE THEN WONDER WHYBOOK .... TRUTHBOOK , LIEBOOK , INDIRECT SUBLIMINAL REPLYBOOK .... LOVEBOOK , HATEBOOK , QUICK TO GIVE ADVICE BUT DON'T PULL YOUR OWN WEIGHTBOOK .... REALBOOK , STUNTBOOK , WHY PEOPLE GOTTA FRONTBOOK .... THIS IS DONE ONLY ON FACEBOOK !!! 
My little man lost a tooth today and of course he is way too excited to fall asleep so the tooth fairy can come and Mom can go to bed ! 
What a crappy day .... I will call everyone who needs to be in the know tomorrow and fill you all in with details .... after all this my whole fam is ready to just go to bed ! 
Feeling some type of way this morning , but i can't quite put my finger on it . 
heh ,,, wow 
We can't choose what happens to us , but we can choose our reaction . 
It ain't nuttin but a Gangsta party 
Long ass day .... LExi got her bright pink cast today after hourssss at the Dr. office ... Mommy is the first one to sign <3 
LOL ! Did yall know today is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day ? 
I might severely harm someone for a meatball sub right about now 
Wisdom teeth are no damn joke .... can't wait to go see the the dentist ... not soon enough though ! 
MmMmMm homemade chocolate chip cookies from scratch 8-P 
Everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold . 
“Do more than belong : participate . Do more than care : help . Do more than believe : practice . Do more than be fair : be kind . Do more than forgive : forget . Do more than dream : work . ” 

~ William Arthur Ward 
#$%*@^' comcast ! phone and t.v.s jacked up ... oh thank heaven for netflix 
This is an A B conversation , so C your way out of it before D jumps over E and F's you up like a G ! 
. •° *”˜˜”* °• .???. •° *”˜˜”* °• . 
? H ? A ? P ? P ? Y ? ? E ? A ? S ? T ? E ? R ? 
¸ . •° *”˜˜”* °• .???. •° *”˜˜”* °• 
One would think of all places that facebook would be one where you can control how stupid you look .... SMH 
The first woman was created from the rib of a man . She was not made from his head to top him , nor from his feet to be trampled on by him , but out of his side to be equal to him , under the arm to be protected & next to the heart to be loved 
Tornado watches all around us ... All my twin city friends please be careful ... get in the house and stay there ! 
OK world ... I am smoking my official last cigarette as I type this ... It will be tough but I can do it ! 
Chinese food for dinner ... I <3 my family ! 
When your full of $&%T ... it shows .... not hard to see right through you !!!! 
Wow ... I really want a ham samdwich right now 
2 billion people tuned in to watch two human beings get married . Two people who are no better or worse than anyone else . Status is an illusion that we buy into . Imagine if 2 billion of us let go of status/class segregation , saw one another as equals and put effort into shifting ourselves and others to make the world a more peaceful place . 
As soon as it gets warm and humid like this I'm ready to chop off the little bit of hair that I let grow back . 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's Depression Awareness Week and 1 in 5 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support . We copied and pasted , will you ? 
I am laughing my a$$ off at all these people who are saying things about Bin Laden like they are white house correspondents or something .... we will only ever know what they tell us ... you can theorize and speculate all you want , I find it doubtful that the WHOLE truth will ever come to light though . 
Funny how people's insecurities and jealousy spews out into everything they say ... instead of cutting people down try a little bit of support and encouragement ! 
I hate all these tagged photos of shoes but damn , some of them are hott ! 
Why are my children fighting their sleep tonight ?? Jerks .... mom is sleepyyyy 
Dear EVERYONE , you won't find out who has looked at your profile . 
You won't know what you look like in the future . 
You won't know what that man saw when he walked in on his daughter . 
And you can't see the leaked video of Osama's killing . 
So use your brain , stop clicking on spam links !!!!!! 
If you agree , post this on your wall . 
In honor of Mother's Day we are going to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB . 
I have " liked " a bunch of recipe pages here on fb and all of them have been posting hispanic dishes for Cinco De Mayo .... I keep looking at the chicken I took out like WTF ... I don't want you ! 
Pandora is the shiz .... glad my baby put me up on game . 
LOL the kiddos gave me my mothers day cards they made at school .... They always put a smile on my face . I love my family so much :) 
Listening to Ginuwine Sooooo Anxious ..... #slowjammin ' 
Wow ... does not seem like 9 years ago I was laid up in a hospital bed all big and sweaty giving birth to one of the greatest miracles of my life ... Happy Birthday to my babygirl ... I love you . 
Happy Mother's Day to all the ladies holding it down day in and out ! One day of appreciation is not enough ! 
