1st day of math camp 
I hate the What's in a Name ? project i can't find any1 w/ my name !!!!!!! 
school ... :( 
first day !!! 
finally done w/ the world culturs extra credit 
When NASA first started sending up astronauts , they quickly discovered that ball-point pens would not work in zero gravity . To combat this problem , NASA scientists spent a decade and $12 billion developing a pen that writes in zero gravity , upside down , underwater , on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to over 300° C . The Russians used a pencil . Enjoy paying your taxes . 
im finally done with my italian project =) 
press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works 
midterms are finally over =) 
=) 
SSSSSNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Merry Christmas =D 
If pro is the opposite of con , is progress the opposite of congress ? If you can't drink and drive , why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor , and why do bars have parking lots ? What is another word for " thesaurus " ? Why is it called ' after dark ' , when it is really after light ? 
going to keansburg l8ter 
happy new year !!!!!!!!!! =) 
gray and pink 
just made my first page =) 
just had a heart attack cause of my puppy 
dreading midterms tomarrow =( 
who else has public speaking 9th or creative expression 10th ? 
She's got her head up in the clouds , Don't know when she'll come down , She can't get to bed , She's got this song stuck in her head 
at my place with my crazed family 
hates annoying idiots who don't mind there own business 
is a little POed 
some people just don't know when to hold their tongue 
1 ) Scroll to the bottom of your Facebook page . 2 ) On the bottom left corner , click English : US . 3 ) When the language selection appears , click English : Pirate . 4 ) watch what happens . 
snow day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =D 
snow day =) 
You can complain because roses have thorns , or you can rejoice because thorns have roses . 
There would be nothing to fear if you chose not to be afraid 
a rose that won't bloom ....... don't waste your whole life trying to get back what was taken away ..... 
My guinea pig can type . o.O 
karma's a bitch =) 
the steeper the mountain , the harder the climb , the better the view from the finishing line 
He can run faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo . 
redbull 
Burts got out again but we found him =) 
my sister broke her bed ... 
don't know how she managed that ... 
I wish all of my friends would support me in this ... 
There they go again ... 
The problem with loving is that pets don't last long enough and people last too long . 
you know your in high school when you have to go to seven different people to figure out what happened 2 days go ! 
got a new phone and need numbers just text me your name 732-822-0150 =) 
1 in every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 in every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , and so much else . All for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are going to commit suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better , and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't but let's see the 5% who will . ? 
It doesn't take a reason to love someone , but it does to like someone . You don't love someone because you want to , you love someone because you were destined too . It's because you fall in love with them , that you then try to find a reason , but you always come up with one answer . No reason ! 
going to flordia tomorrow =) 
found out last night that i was baptized with a puppet ... O.o 
sick for christmas .... great .... 
I like it on the dresser . 
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . 
Take 2 minutes out to read this message ..... Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only one : to get better . I know , that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
1 in every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 in every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , and so much else . All for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are going to commit suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better , and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't but let's see the 5% who will . 
New phone same number 732-822-0150 text me your name =) 
Buon Natale a tutti ! 
Twenty years ago I'd have punched your face with the greatest of pleasure . You're coming to work here tomorrow at nine o'clock sharp . 
Petey is such an unselfish boy . 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????? 
? If you have an amazing mother , put this as your status ? ? 
Cherry 
damn you evil peppers ... 
the play and everyone in it was amazing ! 
There comes a point in your life when you're just plain tired . Tired of chasing everyone and trying to fix things . It's not giving up . It's realizing you don't need certain people and all the bullshit and the baggage they bring along with them . 
I pointed out to you the stars , the moon , and all you saw was the tip of my finger . 
Don't fool yourself , my dear . You're much worse than a bitch . You're a saint . Which shows why saints are dangerous and undesirable . 
" Aww can we talk till u die ? " 
found my ipod ........... 5 years after i lost it and bought a new one ...... 
