Has found an alcohol of acceptable taste ! Finally something that DOESN'T taste of metal ! ( what ... I find alcohol has a metallic tang ) 
... I have a terrible feeling i'm gonna regret letting anna tlk me into going to the bonfire tonite 
I apologise profusely to Anna for failing to find her at the bonfire . I did go . But my mum didn't get me to George street till about half past/quater to 8 . I am very sorry Anna . 
MSN is broken ! So in place of e-mailing please send private messages on fb and in place of msn I shall be on fb most of the time for IM . 
A lot of people seem to be doing this and I haven't done it before so I'm going to join in . 
Inbox me a number and I'll write something or other about you or something like that . 
Though I'm adding a conditional , if you like it or comment on it I'll delete it . Any comments are to be made on the inboxing section . 
69 : Funniest conversations I ever have . You make me feel uncomfortable as hell sometimes but you also make me laugh more than nearly anyone . I barely seem to actually see you in real life any more but our MSN conversations are excellent :) 
86 : We only really talk in French and even that barely at all anymore , you are amicable , and though certain parts of your demeanour somewhat disturb me ( Such as your penchant for American men ) for the most part you are a perfectly amicable acquaintance . 
046564838393746467374930372728738 : I'm aware I only have a few but hey it's only been up about 20 minutes ... You are one of the few I would count as a somewhat friend . Though you act far too innocent for belief your comments in IT can be rather amusing ... Though it's slightly disturbing how the person sitting beside you in English acts toward you ... 
117 : Haven't seen you in literaly years ... I think we should throw a reunion sometime ... :P Last I remember of you though you were an overactive little kid who leapt up on people's backs all the time : L You used to be odd like that ... Very funny in hindsight though :P 
27 : I don't know you that well only through the shared group , however as far as my knowledge of you goes you're pretty awesome :P and quite fun to work with in a group . You don't seem quite as ... Amoral as the rest of the group which is one of the qualities that I allocate high respect within my social circles ... 
10 : You're quite humorous when you want to be ... a bit overly love-y dove-y on facebook these days but that's understandable ... ish . For the most part you're a pretty alright person :) 
27154 : You're a good friend when there're none of your other friends for you to talk to :P Also you're one of very ... VERY few people from our school in that group that I actually get on with so it's fun when we're there but I don't really know you in other situations ... 
86363 : You are probably the person who cares most about my * nod * and there was a time when we talked a heck of a lot , and they were interesting conversations and it was fun . Nowadays we don't seem to talk as much but hey , we're still on good terms , as far as I know ... 
10355 : We used to be on quite good terms but I barely ever speak to you these days ... I think we'd probably still get one but we never see each other or talk to each other so .... 
94 : I hate you . I wish I had never met you and I don't ever want to see you again . You annoy me more than any other human being on this planet and in my personal view , I think you're a terrible person . I'm aware you're good at certain things , and in some ways you are commendable , but you are so arrogant that I wish I had never met you . 
156 : I stick by what I've said in character reference about you before . You can be as pretty as you like but if you're a horrible person then I'm not going to like you . I'm aware also though that there's a lot of who you are I'm not aware of so I'll admit my reference here may be somewhat misguided . Due to my lack of knowledge regarding who you are in other social situations . 
555 : You're yet another I mainly only talk to in French ... But you're a very nice person and in my experience rather kind . I think you're a rather good friend when I'm in contact with you but that , as I said , is not very common :P 
1906 : You're probably the most effeminate person I've ever met , that said you're also quite an awesome person and you share my love of Japan . However ... your habits of feeling up the person next to you in English is slightly perverted ... 
Andrew Lott : " Is **** quite poor ? Because she never seems to cut her hair ... " 
Sometimes ... I lose all faith in my friends ... 
It looks like I didn't place in the poetry competition ... 
Not impressed though , I expected something to come through , some acknowledgement that I entered but didn't win . Some poetry competitions ... No manners . 
2010 is almost over , inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me , put this as your status and you'll be suprised 
Game over . Nobody wins . 
My phone got broken :( Luckily my mum just happened to have a spare exactly the same :) 
I'm happy :D I think my chocolate mousse has turned out all right ! :D :D 
On the 11/11/11 The Eldar Scrolls V is released :D :D :D :D :D :D Skyrim , return of the Akavir 
I'm not going to say I regret the time I spent with you . Some good came of it . 
For example I now know exactly how many stairs are in my house ... :P 
I love how cyclic life is . I let you into my life as a friend . You made us more than that . You broke us up . And now I've pushed you out of my life . Oh how I do love the cycle . It makes life so beautifully predictable ! :D 
( Please nobody comment . Comments always lead to awkward conversations . I Put this on here purely for my own expression . Read it by all means . But your opinion is not necessary ) 
Tomorrow's going to be a good day :) 
Do not presume I'm stupid enough not to have noticed . Presume rather I'm ignoring it or I'm waiting for you to get the courage up to actually tell me , instead of just pretending as if it isn't real . 
Like this and I will rate you out of 100 
Any complainers about their score will have it docked by 25 . 
Just been doing Jekyll and Hyde essay and having recheked certain dates realised that the Freudian influences Mrs Cody spoke of in lesson are impossible . By 1885 when The Strange Case of Doctor Jekyll and Mr Hyde was first published all Freud had discovered were the marvels of cocaine ... 
