okay so green hornet sucked a couple funny spots but otherwise gay ... 2/5 
fuck , this hurts , but some things just need to be said ... ... ... ... ... sorry 
Yay facebook mobile what could be more exciting lol haha 
Got my first paycheck friday cant cash the damn thing till i get a fuckin state i.D. 
kay ... so i noticed every1 has cartoon pics now ... wtf 
it's been a terrible 4/20 everyone ... hope yours was better than mine ... if only i knew i wouldn't have drug testing tmro ... too late now 
* sigh * period 
goddammit ... tmro's 4/20 and i'm on probation ... ftw and ftf(feds ) ... happy 420 everyone and burn one for me 
OH MY GOD !!! i was just checking out this larry carlson dude ... larrycarlson.com ... it is the trippyist shit in this god's green earth ... check it out ... you will NOT be disapointed 
Im starting to think im a tool ... Thats fine though ... As long as im well used and not tucked away on a shelf somewhere 
it's my mom's birthday ... happy 43 
just so the world knows ... ive had yet another near death experience ... this time not involving drugs ... hit some ice spun out ... im fine ... fun as hell but i dnt wanna do it again 
life is now fairly normalish ... im back to listening to potential employers to metaphorically tell me to go to hell ... lifes great 
I am now down to only needing 8 more poems to get my book published ... its been a long ass road but im finally getting there 
................. 
and ima b gone for the weekend which actually kinda sux for certain inexpicable reasons ... i hope shit works out 
Not working today ... Nauseaus as hell ... Collecting my check though 
Got layed off from work friday . fuckin cocksuckers ! 
what happened to me ... the changes are incoprehensible ... it wasn't a hobby nor was it an addiction ... it was a lifestyle ... intoxicated or sober ... i was high ... ... ... ... ... ... ( depressing flashback ) 
the whole ' stewie ' thing is temporary ... dnt get used ta it 
( 3/4 ) must go 
choosing its own path 
for the puppeteers show 
they did not agree 
on the puppets best act 
but soon it gives in 
on the puppeteers pact 
it will 
I gotta working cell now and a job if you want the number send me a message 
So ... I sneak into your window while you're sleeping ... I invade your mind and I rape your dreams ... Tell me ... How does that make you * feel* ? 
OMFG ... liquor caffeine and now adrenaline ... i cud kill sum1 rite now ... i fucking hate drama and any slut that wants to start it ... i hope all you drama startin bitches get urs 
yes i got meself a cartoon now and yes ... it IS the king of thieves 
kay ... not working at post office ... well still might ... but got a job on a potato farm ... harvest season and all ... ps i need a real job 
A county fair is NOT the place to pick up chicks ... They're all with their boyfriends or their pigs ... Goddam rednecks 
so looking thru suggested friends ... which i occasionally do ... i noticed that i dnt kno 90 percent of these ppl ... y the fuck r they suggested ... and y the fuck r most of them black ... 
Had a job interview yesterday at post office ... Looks good 
it snooooowing ! ......... finally 
last but not least : 

3 . 
Stewart 
The sweetest man alive . He knows how you like 
your bacon , whether you prefer gold or silver , your favourite flowers 
and every anniversary you share . The one man who cares about your 
obsession with turtles and Rotweiller puppies . 
Stewart is a man who calls you beautiful , and describes you as such to his friends . 
Every girl needs a Stewart in their life 
lost my damn job AGAIN ... fucking fickle ass temp agency bastards 
i found these interesting definitions for stewart ( my first name ) on urban dictionary : 
1 . 
Stewart is a very decent person . hes outgoing 
and original . Hes a goodlookin guy . hes sexy and a very good lover . hes 
caring and kind . he knows how to treat a girl . hes clever and funny . 
number one : wow i wouldnt mind being that boys girl ! 
number two : thats stewart , yeah i heard hes a good ride as well 
my job sux ... if it rains at all ... i don't work that day or the day after 
and the second one : 
2 . 
stewart 
a rare type of weed that only grows in or near las vegas 
that stewart bud got me so high 
is lust truly such a sin when the heart feels that it is right 
so im thinkin bout takin a practical and tactical handcuffing course and get my self a handcuffing certification 
kay ... im sittin here and its been exactly 11 months since i wrote a poem ... i need some goddamn inspiration ... sum1 pm me with some ideas ... seriously ... the publisher im talking to wants a hundred and i aint got but 78 ... unless i want to do a collaboration with some half ass poet ... fuck that 
got a fucking job at a fucking potato farm in fucking january ... awesome 
( 2/4 ) the puppeteer flees 
he calls for some help 
and the puppet just sighs 
it cannot be caught 
and the puppeteer cries 
his star has left him 
for the puppet 
y cant virgin mobile let me get free shit ... goddamn capitalist bastards 
godDAMNIT what the FUCK philly 
for those who dont already kno ... this site is the hardest fucking site 2 navigate ive ever been on ... tagged was easier , hi5 was easier , myspace was easier , s2000 was easier ... all in all facebook sux ... y the hell did any1 join it ... i only did cuz ppl dnt use myspace and there are important ppl i like 2 talk to ... so yeah ... fuck this site 
( 4/4 ) always come back 
no the puppet cant flee 
the strings are eterernal 
yes the puppeteers me 
it feels soooooooo good outside ... ima go do some fun outdoorsy type shit wit some awesome ppl ... yes i sed awesome ppl ... which is not most of you 
I have come to the realization that I will outlive and outlast everyone and everything and in the end there will be nothing left but me . Why than , do I go on ? Because I have the insatiable desire to enjoy all the people and things I can in the time they have left . 
On my way home ... My grandpa passed away over the weekend so im goin back tue for the funeral ... ... ... 
Look , if you're feeling down I'm here . No matter the issue , I'll listen . I'll help in any way I can . If you want me to shut-up so you can vent , I can do that , too . I just want you to know in your mind and keep in your heart that I'm there for you , no matter what . 
( 1/4 ) The strings are cut 
to the puppets delight 
the dream is alive 
to the puppeteers fright 
he shouts his demise 
as the puppet runs free 
it cries out in joy 
as 
when is it okay to quit ? they state again and again how they wish for death and you do all you can to restore their desire to live . yet they always return to that fatalistic intrigue . you know they will never act on it . that it is a facade . but still the statement worries you so you continue to fight . after how long do you give up ? i need to know . i cant take much more before exhaustion sets in . 
goin ta watch green hornet in 3d o yeah 
me newest poem ... is AMAZING ... im outta my funk ::::: 
Happy saint patricks day ! Wearin black and red and aint drinkin whiskey or guiness . I will be hunting for leprechauns though ;) 
the world is a scary place . a lot of scary things can happen . you should know , though , that you will always have someone there for you . this makes things much less scary . but when there are two people scared , should they not have each other ? 
it becomes only that much more terrifying when one chooses the aid of another and leaves the other in the dark . do not let yourself become this person . if you and someone else are facing a situation , be each others strength . do not make the other face fear alone . 
