good thing I'm in a forced triple . Refund money would be nice . 
: It's been like four years , and I still have a fear of eating Raisin Bran . 
thinks Tiana is the best sister anyone could ask for :) 
wonders what happened to Sadness for the Wii . I was actually interested in that game . :( 
was lying . I'm the best sister eva . Harharharharharharharh . 
" MOHEGAN SUN ? THE SOX " -- Cloud ads are cool . 
' s piano is broken . ); 
just read an 8-page psychological evaluation she had when she was 7 . Funny it still describes my personality/skills to this day . 
can play DVDs on her Wii . Heheh . 
is going to see Depeche Mode with my mom in the wrong weather . At the wrong time . In the wrong area . In the wrong _____ . 
Is it sad I'm a bit excited for college because I miss their beds ? 
has a bunch of people on her street , and the police are moving them away like a shepherd with their sheep . Ugh . 
Well , I'm better now . 
is relieved . I sort of think like a hypochondriac . Merhehrehr . Still stinks , though . 
Life is grand . < /sarcasm > 
wishes their were more than one bathroom on this floor . 
Why do people blare their crappy music so loudly from their cars ? 
was lying . 
My legs hurt , and I'm tired . 
I guess the Wii internet browser is free now . 
" MOHEGUN SUN ? THE SOX " -- Cloud ads are cool . 
Please go away . Please . 
is jamming to The Weather Channel music . 
Yay . I can update my status from my phone now . 
Watch the VMAs play my least favorite Muse song : Supermassive Black Hole . They're only in the VMAs because of Twilight most likely . Ewwww . 
Playing Brawl with her boyf online . It's weird . 
headache and nausea . Ughh .... 
Facebook is acting very slow on me . It's getting annoying . 
Patrick Swayze played a ghost in 1990 . Now he is one . Rest in peace . 
Why are my feet always itchy before bed ? 
@Samantha LeBlanc is cool . 
Cappuccino frost or whatever it's called is sooooooooo good . 
' s TV is telling her that someone is calling the house phone . WTF ? 
is going to do her reading homework because I like to highlight in many colors . Makes the textbook look like a rainbow . 
has a headache . Yay . 
Playing Tetris Party . >:) 
made a livejournal account . Try to find it . 
Ugh . 
??? 
Power surge ? 
I think I'm gonna get rid of my Myspace account . Must transfer some pics first . 
wonders why one serving of a buillon cube is half of it . What ? You want me to cut it in half with a knife or something ? 
So Tom Cruise is in Bridgewater with a huge fake plane crash ? I must search tomorrow ! 
Darn . It didn't work . 
" Say what you need to say . Say what you need to say . Say what you need to say . Say what you need to say . Say what you need to say . Say what you need to say ... " I GET THE POINT , JOHN MAYER . 
Now my nose is clogged . 
Lady Gaga reminds me of Voldo except female and doesn't hiss . 
Darn it . I thought those free headphones would be useful . 
hates the humidity . 
The colors for my German-word sample in weaving makes me think of Barbie . Crap . 
Sonic restaurant opens in Peabody on August 26th . I wanna go ! 
No surprise . I have a headache . I should update my status every time I have one . 
I hate having bad dreams . :( And woah , I fell asleep early . 
Wow . I understand this accounting stuff way much better from the book . 
It's snowing in northern Pennsylvania , southern New York , and some of western Connecticut . Woah . 
To go to the Mario Kart Wii tournament or not ...? 
Majority of my headache's gone . Hate how it feels like there's Pop Rocks in my brain . 
Ugh . I have two tests tomorrow . 
Yay . It took me like 50 minutes just to e-mail a document to myself , so I can print it at the library . But now I'm not in the mood to walk all the way back there . Piece of shi * 
sleepy and a headache . 
Ahhh kay . Now it's snowing . 
Wow . Even my Wii got that e-mail message from my hacked self . 
Maybe I had too much candy ? Now I feel a bit nauseous . 
Bah . My throat's a tad sore . And Facebook is being a bish . 
Eyuch . I want the heater off ~ 
D'awwww . People are boring . ( Even though it's the day before Halloween . ) 
I just wove for four hours . Ughh . 
And I wake up to me and the other stuff near the window getting rained on . :: shuts windows :: 
It's also funny to think that that penis drawing is among a bunch of Carebears . 
effing shat . I just banged my knee against the corner of this thing that's holding up the table . :: Pulls a Peter Griffin :: 
I wonder if it's my glasses that give me the constant headaches . Motherfah . 
Blah . Well , I finished my weaving . Woot . 
I think Fred & Friends is my favorite company . 
I blocked you for a reason , and I'm going to keep it that way . 
My voice be raspy . Throat be sore . 
Boo . Someone hacked my e-mail and is using it to pass viruses . 
I'm inspired to draw a picture of the Cookie Monster getting an insulin shot for having diabetes . 
working on my diabetes cookie monster drawing . 
Bah . My first class was cancelled . I could have slept in . 
That was entertaining . 
found a typo in her social psych textbook : " sittters . " 
Wooh . I got an interview Wednesday , but crap , I need that time to weave . 
Must ... do ... laundry ... 
Awwwww crap . It's Friday the 13th . Watch me bomb this test . jk . 
I only heard one thunder strike at like 8 ? THAT WASN'T ENOUGH . 
Is someone having a rave party in their room in Miles ? I see pretty lights . 
Just waiting to register for my classes . One of mine was already full . :( 
That took less than a second . o_0 
Back of my head/neck aches . 
MBTA website isn't working . WHEN I NEED IT THE MOST . 
I suppose T-Mobile is fixed now ? I'm using the phone fine . 
So I was randomly sick for four hours . 
That pumpkin milkshake made me feel wayy too bloated . 
So many moths outside . I'm going to vomit . 
Going under the covers make me automatically tired . 
Meteor shower was nice . 
My face feels all clogged again . Why ? 
I just want to download FF7 on my PSP . ;-; 
I'm failing at studying . If Facebook wasn't so slow ... 
That new Disney movie : The main character's name is my sister's , and the prince is from a town that eerily sounds like where we live . Woah . 
My throat's sore . 
So my headphones stopped working in the art building . Then they started working again once I left . 
I want to brag , but my cousin's cousin won So You Think You Can Dance . :P 
I'll join this Pokemon thing in a different sense . 
Thinks that when I go back home , I'm gonna take pictures of my horrible , horrible poetry I did back in the second grade . It makes a good laugh . ( Just remembered about it . ) 
I like Google Chrome . 
I need to put up the Christmas tree , but I don't feel like it . 
Oops . 
Just came back from the work Christmas party . And now my hair is short . 
I'm either going to take the 5:04 or 6:20 train tomorrow home . 
Holy crap . I beat Blockhead Grande from Okami without cheating . O_O 
If you've played Okami , you'll probably understand why I hate Mr. Blockhead . 
Damn it . My watch is broken . I thought it was 3 when we got here . 
I thought I was going to do bad in one class , but I guess not . Cool . 
The book that my college wouldn't buy back was bought for $50 off of Amazon . <333 
Classes were cool today . Already got homework , but whatever . 
I can hear the rain hitting the roof , and it sounds like boiling water in a pot . It makes me want soup . 
Hah . The final boss in Tatsunoko vs . Capcom is the final boss from Okami . 
My throat hurts . 
The shuffle on my phone is absolutely , positively , freaking horrible . Wow . 
Ugh . People on WiFi Tatsunoko vs Capcom are too hard . It's like taking Calculus when you haven't learned basic math yet . 
Eck . Biology lab soon . 
Effing internet . 
Uhhh ... Well , I guess I'm finally going to see Avatar on Sunday ? 
I wanna do this doppelgänger thing , but I can't think of anyone I look like . 
Wow . Three people share the same birthday on Monday . 
Sheez . I don't know if the vibrator in my phone is dead/weaker than usual or I just habituated to it . Thanks , psychology . 
we need to do way instain mother > 
So , it's gonna snow Wednesday and Thursday ? I hope it's snow day worthy . 
I'm so bored , I think I'm going to practice the reject dance . 
I understand that Valentine's Day is coming up , but I uhhhh ain't really digging these new bed sheets . >> 
I have a new phone number : ( 857 ) 417-6518 . Get rid of the other one and replace it with this . 
" I wirr herp roo . " ~ Cooking Mama 
OMG . This effing financial accounting project is annoying . 
I love cheese . ? 
What's Alt+3 ? I don't get it . 
So ... the 7-11 like 3 minutes away from my house got robbed . Except the 70-year-old customer beat the robber away with her purse . FTW . 
Funny . My hometown had a blackout . Now it's Bridgewater . 
That bio exam was easy . The accounting one was frustrating ! 
Gonna do my laundry . 
I have no idea how to do that Powerpoint thing for my biopsych class . 
Welp . I guess it's snowing in my hometown ? Come here ~ ( So I can just be like WTF and have something to talk about for the day ) 
Yuck . I have a headache . I blame the Skittles ? 
still waiting for my headache to be gone . At least the sunglasses helped a bit . Not sure about the Excedrin . 
Arg . Bejeweled Blitz is lagging . 
When I wake up , the janitor's in the bathroom . When I come back from class , the janitor's in the bathroom . That's a time span of almost three hours . Or does he take a three hour break ? Whatever . I have to use it ! 
hates it when she studies and feels like she knows everything but then doesn't . It's confusing . 
So , I'm doing my biopsychology coloring homework on Photoshop . Yea . 
Two years go by fast . 
They should make horror games that use that 3D effect I saw in Avatar . 
Stupid blackboard site isn't loading . I'd like to go on it to see what I have to review for my personality to psychology exam . Thanks . 
So ... did someone dial my phone number for my 3-year-old cousin , or did she dial on her own ? 
Time to use my hippocampus and study for my biopsych exam tomorrow . 
got to see Muse in concert , and it was cool . 8 ) 
Today is like the worst day ever . 
Studying for biology and maybe financial accounting . 
Is listening to " Rainy Monday " on a Rainy Monday . lololololololololololloolololololololo 
I wish I knew why my body is aching . 
Darn . They didn't buy back my $120 book . I'mma try Belltower now . 
Testosterone-filled men are like short-fused bombs . I look away for a second and some dude is flipping pissed and cussing at I don't know what . WTF ? 
So , I guess the internet on campus is worse than the internet at home . I don't get it . 
Wants a shamrock shake , but I don't want to walk to McDonald's alone . 
I don't want the stomach virus . :((((( 
So , my accounting book was bought off of Amazon ... from someone who goes to BSC , too . I wonder if that's a coincidence or she knew . 
Facebook just fails at making visually appealing web designs . 
Come on ! A shooting again .. 
Muse's " Undisclosed Desires " was playing at McDonald's . That's weird and cool . 
Wow . I should be studying , but I totally don't feel like it . 
Shutting the lights makes my headache go away faster than Excedrin . 
What's more annoying is when you see people on the library computer AND ON THEIR OWN LAPTOP AT THE SAME TIME . The library needs a print express area . 
I just saw a traumatizing picture in my biopsych book . 
My right shoe is doing fine , but for some reason , my left one is ripping off the skin and creating blisters on my feet . I'm really close to walking barefoot . 
had a great time in Florida ! ? 
So , the health care bill got passed ? 
A lot of people are saying they're swimming to class . That would be so epic , especially if waterfalls were involved . 
I think I just made a funny . " Rattata learned bite . Yay !! " " That's sad . He needs to learn how to bite ? That's like me learning to blink ... OH WAI T.T HAT'S A POKEMON MOVE . " That was unintentional . 
Gonna walk around taking 9 pictures of who knows what . 
First it was Mike in one of my sister's boyfriend's photos of Anime Boston . Now I found William Gilcoine in one of my cousin's photos . This is fun . 
I just realized that I thought the most of Monday was Tuesday . 
I think I have senioritis . :P 
So , Larry King is getting his 8th divorce , Elizabeth Taylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Jesse James and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? REALLY ?? Feel free to copy and paste if you agree ! 
The fricking janitor is always in the bathroom when I need it ! ARGHGHGHGH 
WTF ? BSU likes to screw up on me . 
Yea , so it seems that someone ripped off that electronic lock for the bathroom . I wonder how much it will cost to fix that . :S 
I was expecting a C or lower on my accounting test , but I got a B+ . I'm so relieved . n___n 
Omegle is fun . 
I've made up my mind . I'm dropping out of college . 
ehhh This sucks . 
In Soviet Russia , you don't hold your umbrella . Your umbrella holds you ! ( It was very windy outside . ) 
Yesterday , the one time I don't check class cancellations , the first class is cancelled . Today , I check class cancellations , and the first class is cancelled . She told us only by e-mail which I don't check before I go to my first class . I walked all the way to Hunt for no reason . >:( 
I feel like I should have mentioned Heidi Montag in my essay which had a part about society being obsessed with bodily perfection . 
has an accounting and biopsychology test tomorrow , two in which extensive studying is needed . I think I'm going to die . 
My sister's boyfriend took a picture of Michael Luscombe at Anime Boston . Hah ! 
I guess there was an earthquake in Quebec , and it reached all the way to where I live . That's bad . 
I don't want two tests on Tuesday . 
It's hotter here than in Florida . WTF ? 
I still can't log into my new e-mail , and I don't think my old one is getting messages anymore . LFKASFLDF 
I guess I'm gonna have no classes on Fridays next semester . I'm gonna be bored as fcuk . 
Funny how the one day I don't wear shoes there's some " No Shoes Day " going on . 
I hate it when you're so tired , you can't see anything because your vision gets blurry for some reason . 
Job interview at Baby's R Us on Tuesday . Whee ~ If I get hired , I'll either love or hate babies . 
I for some reason finished a 5-page essay four days before it's due . 
I'm really bored . Aughhhhhhhhhh . 
This new e-mail is ticking me off . I can't log into it . 
I think there was another shooting again ? Or was it fireworks ? 
Boo . My purse didn't get into The Bridge . 
I got a perfect score on my biopsych exam . Woah . 
I have two finals on Tuesday (?) . One's a cumulative in biology and the other's in financial accounting . Yuck . 
Ahur . I got the highest total grade in my Bio lab . : B 
I can't wait till this semester's over . 
I hear Muse out my window . Lol . 
Woah . Big disaster with the Polish government . 
What ?! Thunder ? Ooooooooooh ... 
Applying to joobs . Watch me not get a job this summer either . :/ 
That Biology test was a pain . Now next is accounting , and I don't even know what's going to be on the test . X ( 
You know you're sick when you have to accommodate desk space for a mountain of used tissues . 
It may have taken me 3.5 hours getting comfortable enough to dance , but I had fun at the rave . 
Blah . I don't know if I want to see Gabriel Iglesias or not . 
The dining room is now a dance floor . Oonce oonce oonce ~ 
Dude on the elevator told me that the Cookie Monster is on the second floor , and it's not a Halloween costume . o_O 
McDonald's made me puke four times . Is that what happens when you haven't had it in a long time ? 
Google's Pacman logo is awesome ! 
I don't feel like writing an essay . :( 
No biopsych final for me . Yay ! 
So according to Google Maps , one of the steps to getting to Taiwan from China is to swim across the Pacific Ocean . Riiiiiiiiiiight . 
Lol . Lexi Loo rear-ended my mom's car . Now my mom can finally get rid of that 10-year-old piece of junk . 
Ah , my last year of college , and I just discover a cheaper way home by train . :P 
So someone's WiFi connection here is called " durp . " I like it . 
I lol at the commercial for Blur -- implicitly attacking Mario Kart and all . 
Why's there a fly in my room ? ;_; 
For the longest time , I thought Rihanna was singing " I want you to love me like I'm a hot guy . " Of course , I was confused . 
Kinda hazy out , and it's supposedly because of a huge forest fire in Quebec ? 
So someone's car at my hometown crashed into the Hostess store . I feel like a lot of jokes can come out of this . 
Home but I can't go to my bedroom and the living room's gone . D: 
For business law 2 , I'm reading a made-up case with a guy named " Gary Newman . " I would have enjoyed it if the case was about cars , but nope . 
The floor's so glossy that everything else in the room looks yucky . 
No surprise . Shooting on the next street over . 
You know it's humid when the door randomly becomes too big to close . 
Although I got my grades back , I'm still curious on what I got on my accounting final . :P 
. 
_ 
3 
n 
o 
-- 
FF5 : A game where the bad guy disguises as a splinter to sneak on his enemies . What the ...? 
The one photography class time I like , it's for photography majors only . The other one that I can take ( that's not five hours long ) is at 8 AM . Ew . 
lsdfa ; slf The teacher made a typo on the syllabus , so I ended up buying the wrong book . ARGGSD : LGJDS : GLJ 
Locks are a pain . They should just make them have buttons or something . 
Spain won ! Woot ! 
What's up with geographic shows and their last , 5-minute " the world's going to end " segments ? 
Considering that classes begin on a Thursday ; I have no classes on Friday , and there's no classes on Monday because of Labor Day , I'd really love it if BSU pushed the first day of classes to the week after . 
I just realized that " cholesterol " is spelled wrong on the floor's nutrition poster . 
Knitting is a pain ! Weaving all the way , man . 
I blame the estrogen . >> 
It would be really cool if vending machines could use dining dollars . 
I successfully made snow crab . 8 ) 
Hmmm . I wonder if Rihanna chose to be featured in Eminem's song " Love the Way You Lie . " 
Wow , it's so cold . 
A test on ten chapters . I'm gonna go nuts . 
Is Dexter's foster sister the girl from Quarantine ? 
Sweeet . Neuropsychology class is cancelled . Makes a nice gift . 8 ) 
I came across a pro-lifer who compared an abortion clinic to the Holocaust . D: 
I enjoyed the door to get into the dark room in photography class . It was like a magic trick ! 
So , my boyfriend's like " There's no term for in-between boyfriend and fiance " and I'm like " .... How about Beyonce !? " Haha . ... I thought it was funny . :P 
I feel like walking in the rain just so I can use my new , pretty umbrella . 
Writing this paper is like running a race except while you're near the finish line , you fall and break your leg , and you try to pull yourself with your arms to the finish line . Blargh . Trying to figure out what else to include in this paper to make it 6 pages . X ( 
I just found out that the dance song from YTMD associated with " never changes facial expression " is actually an ' 80s song . o_O 
No offense , but the UFC is the closest I have gone to watching gay porn . 
I'mma gonna go failjog . 
I don't want to walk all the way to Harrington in this kind of weather . ;-; I don't know where my gloves went . 
I find it funny how Music Choice was playing Taylor Swift's song yet Kanye West was in the background . 
It's too hot/humid in my room , and the AC isn't helping . D: 
It's not that hard to find a BSU card on a tray . :\ 
Crazy . There's already some people camping outside of stores for Black Friday . 
Yay . It's almost five , and I can't go to sleep . Gotta wake up in two in a half hours . 
Can't .. stop ... watching ... Dexter .... Too .. addictive .. XP 
" javascript : var%20s%20 = %20document . createElement('script ' ) ;s . type='text/javascript ' ; document . body . appendChild(s ); s . src='http://erkie . github.com/asteroids.min.js ' ; void(0 ); " <-- Copy and paste that into your current browsers ' tab . It's legit . Works on Chrome and Firefox . 
Instead of a Sagittarius , I am now the new sign " Ophiuchus . " I feel special . :P 
I look out the window , and lo and behold , I see Quailman running back and forth doing some somersaults , too . 
For some reason , turning back time by an hour made me think of Cher . Cher , there is a way to turn back time . It's just once a year , though . 
I need a screwdriver . :P 
" If tears could build a stairway , 
And memories a lane , 
I'd walk right up to Heaven 
And bring you home again . " 
~ Rest in peace , Irma ? 
Adding laugh tracks to Malcolm in the Middle to make it a sitcom . 
I feel like waking up early to watch my town's parade for some reason . 
I profited $10 when I sold my clinical psych book . 8 ) 
Of course only half of the photos were able to be developed , and most of them ended up looking like crap . This is why I prefer digital cameras . 
Wishing Joel E Moran the best of luck in coast guard boot camp ! 
Ew . This was my second worst semester , and I only had four classes . :( 
I got a Wheel of Fortune puzzle right without even looking at it . WTF ? 
Now I'm the one with the hiccups . Darrrr ~ : BB 
It's the second semester , and I still can't manage to open my mailbox . Grrrrrrrrr . 
Still don't know how to work this camera even when I looked at the manual . 
Dubstep music makes me think of electronic jello or DnB on LSD . 
So when I rub my shoes on the rug to get rid of the snow , I just imagine myself spontaneously river dancing with others joining in . 
I think I have a cavity . D: 
I hate nausea-inducing headaches . 
Ew . I gotta bring back two bags home . ... or do I ?? 
So Chumbawamba has an album called " The Boy Bands Have Won , and All the Copyists and the Tribute Bands and the TV Talent Show Producers Have Won , If We Allow Our Culture to Be Shaped by Mimicry , Whether from Lack of Ideas or From Exaggerated Respect . You Should Never Try to Freeze Culture . ... 
Damn . Chile's getting slammed by earthquakes , and I guess there's going to be tsunamis hitting in a lot of places . Fun , fun . 
At home , I'm able to sleep at normal hours . In my dorm , I'm basically an insomniac . I don't get it . 
I made a derp and messed up two rolls of film . ;~; 
It's weird to see Nine Inch Nails dude win an Oscar . 
I think I do worse on tests where you can use cheat sheets . Makes no sense ? 
My biopsychology textbook mentioned Monty Python , something about singing along during brain surgery . 
Yay , it's Pi Day . It'll be cooler in four years . 
Business Law Book : " A distribution is a transfer of money or other partnership property from the partnership to a partner in the partner's capacity as a partner . " Wha- ? I don't even .. 
I'm going to try to break a habit . Perhaps making a status update about it would give me a boost . Alrighty . Let's go . 3 : < 
That just totally killed my good mood . 
Anatidaephobia : The fear that you're being watched by a duck . Trying to think of something funny to say . 
So , I guess my burp lasted an hour . Just kidding . 
Cherry ... and a dragon fruit just because . 
Elfs : Gotta grasp them all . 
not only did i poop my pants , i also laughed so hard i wet myself and slipped on my own urine . 
Taking naps just makes me feel more tired . Auuugh . 
" Cualacino " is an Italian word that means " the mark left on a table by a cold glass . " Of course Italians would create this word . 
Sheezes . Photography class is like the worst ever . Now the camera's not working properly . 
NOW it's making the shutter noise . aldfjsa ; lfkasfd It must have been stuck . 
(?* ´ ? `*) ??? 
As strange as this sounds , I'm gonna miss not selecting classes . ;-; 
I was sitting here for a minute or two waiting for Cisco to pop up . Then I realized that I'm home . :P 
