Trying to figure out the Family Tree thing ! 
I have a lot of stuff I need to get done today before tomorrow comes ! 
If You are my family or know who my family is please let me know ? 
I am so stuipid sometimes ! 
Computer won't let me login into facebook games .... I can hear the games but not see them . 
Join my Cause ! I created it myself ! It's called Education for the Nation ! 
Wish I could of afforded a good gift for my brothers birthday today ! 
Thank God they let me make a payment arrangement to keep my powe turned on ! 
My mom's house maybe haunted by a girl around the ages eight to ten . 
Maria needs to check her farmville at 2:45 pm today ! 
Smiles ! 
I have a sore throat but its not strep throat . Dr. says it's some kind of virus that should clear up in a week . 
Computer is being slow and keeps freezing up sorry people ! 
Still not feeling well . Now I have an ear-ache too ! 
Loves FetLife ! 
http://www.weau.com/home/headlines/69127462.html 
No , Sorry 
I got to see my store on the news tonight about the guy who tried to rob my manager and me with a gun . They were all so proud of me . Its so nice to have people think good about me ! 
I worked from 5:00 AM to 3:00 PM today and now I'm exhausted ! 
Going out with friends to do some paranormal investigating ! 
“It seems essential , in relationships and all tasks , that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important . ” ~ Soren Kierkegaard 
Going to the movies with one of the hottest guys in the area tonight ! 
”Love is patient and kind . Love is not jealous or boastful or proud or rude . Love does not demand its own way . Love is not irritable , and it keeps no record of when it has been wronged . It is never glad about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out . Love never gives up , never loses faith , is always hopeful , and endures through every circumstance . Love will last forever . ” 
Generosity is giving more than you can , and pride is taking less than you need . ~ Kahlil Gibran 
My Doctor ordered me to chew gum today ! 
“Never cease loving a person , and never give up hope for him , for even the prodigal son who had fallen most low , could still be saved ; the bitterest enemy and also he who was your friend could again be your friend ; love that has grown cold can kindle” ~ Soren Kierkegaard 
Still no plans for Thanks Giving ! Anyone else have any plans ? 
" Frozen inside without your touch Without your love , darling Only you are the life among the dead " 
“The self-assured believer is a greater sinner in the eyes of God than the troubled disbeliever” ~ Soren Kierkegaard 
http://www.weau.com/home/headlines/69127462.html My manager and I had a guy try to rob us with a gun this morning at work ... 
“Since boredom advances and boredom is the root of all evil , no wonder , then , that the world goes backwards , that evil spreads . This can be traced back to the very beginning of the world . The gods were bored ; therefore they created human beings . ” ~ Soren Kierkegaard 
I'm so excited ! I have Cory's Christmas gift all done up for him . I hope he likes it ! 
Spending Christmas alone hoping that Cory can make it sometime this weekend ! 
“The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have . ” 
Mark 11:25 And when you stand praying , if you hold anything against anyone , forgive him , so that your Father in heaven may forgive you your sins . 
" Dreaming comes so easily ' cause it's all that i've known True love is a fairy tale I'm damaged , so how would i know ... Healing comes so painfully And it chills to the bone Will anyone get close to me ? I'm damaged , as i'm sure you know " 
All week I have been wishing I could move to Madison to be closer to the one I love most . Today my landlord comes into my work and hands me the title to my trailor I bought here in the Eau Claire area . 
My mommy is on FaceBook now ! I am so happy ! 
I hurt a friend today and now they are running away . Why do I always have to mess up ? 
Hates FaceBook Messenger ! Its too slow and keeps messing up ! Yahoo messanger is better ! 
EPH 4:29 Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths , but only what is helpful for building others up according to their needs , that it may benefit those who listen . 
What do you think of the picture I made ? 
" Judge not , and ye shall not be judged : condemn not , and ye shall not be condemned , forgive , and ye shall be forgiven . " 
" Let ye who is without sin cast the first stone . " 
Proverbs 16:28 A perverse man/woman stirs up dissension , and a gossip separates close friends . 
Proverbs 17:9 He who covers over an offense promotes love , but whoever repeats the matter separates close friends . 
Proverbs 14:21 He who despises his neighbor sins , but blessed is he who is kind to the needy . 
My friend Chad is such a good friend ! Not only did he help me but he did so right away ! 
I finally bought myself a TredMill that I've been wanting . However now I can't find help to put it together ! 
I had a good time at Paranormal U tonight . It was great ! 
Hoping to get a lot of cleaning done tonight and this weekend if I'm feeling energetic enough . 
My living room is cleared out ! Now to work on the rest of my house . I'm glad I'm finally getting some of it done ! My goal is to have this place all clean before my soulmate Cory comes ! 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!! 1 ) Crazy . 2 ) I'd Marry You . 3 ) Talkative . 4 ) Sarcastic . 5 ) I Miss You . 6)Dizzy . 7 ) Moody . 8 ) Dumb . 9 ) Mouthy . 10 ) Spoilt . 11 ) Random . 12 ) Hot . 13 ) Funny . 14 ) Fit . 15 ) Amazing . 16)Tough . 17 ) Cute . 18 ) Gf/Bf Type . 19 ) Player . 20 ) I Love You . 21 ) The Best . 22 ) Couldnt Live Without u . 
I just had a great conversateion with my true love Cory ! He is the best ever ! 
What is the thing you like most about me ? 
I can't wait for Cory to get here next weekend ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name . Post this as your status and the result from urban dictionary as the first comment .... 
I called my lawyer today and he said to make appointment with him as soon as I get my taxes back in . I can't wait to get things taken care of . I want to be able to be God's and Cory's alone ! 
Helping yourself is not greedy or selfish because you need to first help yourself before you can help anyone else ! 
Hesitantly , I ask : ; -$ Let's see how honest FB friends are ... Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting 
A TRUE friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if your home is tidy or not , if your car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect ... a true friend just loves you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend . 
Maria Daisi Balts Looking for Ryan Elias Culver's post address my lawyer has some papers he wants ! If anyone gets a hold of him tell him to call my lawyer at 715-720-4500 and to give Tim his post address . Thank you ! 
I miss Cory ! 
I hate it when my manager yells at me for getting a bit behind ; She always sits down and eats a bowl of cereal while on the clock when she isn't suppose to ! I wish she would help out more since she is always telling the rest of us to work as a team ! 
Looking for Ryan Elias Culver's post address my lawyer has some papers he wants ! If anyone gets a hold of him tell him to call my lawyer at 715-720-4500 and to give Tim his post address . Thank you ! 
Stand up to cancer ! 
Cory is supportive , undertanding , caring and I wish every girl was as happy as he makes me ! 
If I can get through work without being harassed than it will have been a good day ! 
Talking to Cory and praying to God are the best antidepressant ever ! 
Dont be afraid to admit when your wrong or when you have made a mistake because trying to hide things only makes them worse ! 
When they say that absence makes the heart fonder they are not talking about distance . they are talking about chastity . A relationship needs a chance to grow before it can bloom into something beautiful ! 
Wishing my computer worked ! * sigh * 
Can anyone get me an estimant for my computer ? I think its the video card ? I could use some help . Thanks ! 
Abuse is a cycle that doesnt end because each generation begins to believe over time that its normal . 
I'm looking to make friends on loopt ! 
Praise God for the miners return to safety ! 
Having a bad day and trying to get my mind off from things but that doesnt seem to be working either ! I cant wait till I can walk again . I miss going ghost hunting ! 
A gentle answer deflects anger , but harsh words make tempers flare . Proverbs 15:1 
My computer crashed and so did two of my friends after we went on facebook the day Face Book was on the news but my cell phone is still working . 
Seek ye first the kingdom of God ... 
My new boss is being a jerk and is cutting my friend's hours at work ! When I protest about it they threaten to cut mine too ! They shouldn't be bringing in other people from other stores when people at our own store need the hours to support their familes ! Somebody needs to stand up for what's right ! He is a good worker ! Please pray for him , Thanks ! 
Cant believe how soon my birthday is coming up ! 
Grilling out with the neighbors tonight around sun down ! 
The subtlies of darkness never ceases to amaze as the physical world creates a spiritual haze ! ~ DC Talk 
When someone asks me if the glass is half full or half empty than I answer ... It depends on with what ! 
Enjoying some company ? 
Madison bus routes are confusing me ! What # to what location at what time ? 
Missing Cory and feeling lonely ! 
POST ARE DOWN DUE TO NEW SECURITY ..... FB is at it again . Everyone please look at your padlock before posting anything . Right now unless you change it you will be the only one that sees it . Click on the box that says " what's on your mind " ( where you put 
your status ) and the padlock comes up click on that and change to friends only Check ... the box that says make this my default setting , Please repost !! 
I'd rather go thru life believing there is a God 
& die to find out there isn't , 
than to go thru life believing there isn't a God 
& die to find out there is . 
Praying for more energy , less headaches and a positive out look ! 
My good for nothing computer crashed and will not start anymore so now I am paying for internet that I can not even use . Now I nothing to do but lay in bed till the doctor says I can go back to work . 
Hoping to get some house work done tonight after work ! 
Today at work I got scolded for wasting a sandwich wrap , a mere piece of paper . My boss tells me to keep old food and reuse it so when I do the district manager scolded me for that too . Its not like I dont care or that I dont try to be perfect because I really do try so hard . 
iHearts : " Your current heart rate is 1 beats/minute * -- too slow ! Make it beat faster : get hearts from friends ! " ( Anyone want to send me some hearts please ? ) 
A family that prays together stays together ! 
Collecting boxes at work for packing ! Excited about moving . 
All my life i just wanted one friend who truly cares . He told me that if others were saying bad things about him that than i should be worried i though he was right so i checked in with his friends and found out that they are liars and now they are taking that friend from me ! 
Migrane two days in a row starting at same time of day . 
I learned how to change memory sticks inside of personal computers tonight ! I love learning ! 
What another boring day with no plans again ! 
I try to be be a good girlfriend because Cory deserves the best ! 
My teacher says I am doing great in his Civics class ! I am ahead again !!! 
Love based on feelings is just as fleeting as feelings itself ! 
Went to Allison's ( my sister ) grave today ! We put a changing color solar light out there for her ! 
Looking to make more friends on Loopt ! 
Guys say that girls are SOOO complicated , but really . . . how hard is it to tell us we're pretty and give us chocolate ? 
Expectations are resentments waiting to happen ... 
Getting a MRI today for my bad ankle ! Most likely will have to get surgery redone oh how fun ! 
Excited about moving in with my boyfriend , Cory , this fall ! 
Somebody must have just died on my road ! There was two ambulances and all of a sudden they stopped and everyone rushed to the first one ! 
Sometimes the only place i feel home is in my dreams but other times my friends make my dreams a reality ! 
I want to heal . I want to feel like Im close to something real . I want to let go of this pain I felt so long . Somewhere I belong ! 
Why do people steal from poor people ? 
I told my boss about my surgery and it went betts than expected . I still feel really bad for having to take off from work . I love my job and I hate thinking about missing out . 
Going in for my surgery so if I am grumpy afterwards please dont hold it against me . Thanks ! 
By refusing to let go of the past , you undermine your progression of your future . 
Please check out my pictures of plants and see if you can tell me what they are ! Thank you ! 
isn't it ironic we ignore the ones who adore us we adore the ones who ignore us love the ones that hurt us and hurt the ones that love us 
Love the Lord your God with all your heart soul and mind and love all mankind as you would yourself ! 
Bobby is making me feel like a queen . He is helping me take care of things while I am on bed rest . 
Got yelled at for being honest to our district manager about something that is going on here at work . I am never getting another raise as long as I work here because they foot like my honesty and my wanting to follow policy ! 
At the Doctors getting a preop physical done . They are taking my blood and doing a pregancy test too . I guess they cant just take your word for it now days . 
Cast not your pearls before swine ! Love one another and withhold no good to them that deserve it when it is in your power to help ! 
True love is not a magic feeling its loving the other person even when you dont feel like it ! 
How does someone control what their heart feels ? 
Striving to become closer to God for I know that I need him . 
Some plugins required by this page has been blocked for your protection ..... Girrr ... Why can't I play my facebook games ! 
I didn't get my M.R.I. results today due to my doctor having to perform surgery so my mom and I spend some quailty time together instead . If something doesn't go the way you want don't let it ruin your day because there is always something else good if you choose to look ! God bless ! 
I am starting to feel a little better but these allergies are still annoying . I dont have much time left to get rid of them and to get ready for surgery . 
Some things are better not heard because it hurts . 
The storm is his vessel ... The strikes of lightning as stripes he took upon himself so that we may be healed , The thunder his voice declaring " It is finished " The rain falling clear as his blood is pure and the Strong Wind is his Holy Spirit sent out to us . 
I miss being called sweet names like honey , sweety , cuttie , and the like ! 
Cory is coming up ! I am so excited ! 
If you love somebody you should set them free . Than if they come back again than you know that its meant to be ... but after they leave for a third time than its strike three ! 
Cory makes me happier than anyone else ever has ! 
Flirting with someone else is a form of cheating ! Agree or Disagree ? 
" To grow , you must be willing to let your present and future be totally unlike your past . Your history is not your destiny . " 
Too many things make me sick so I am simplifying . 
I called and they wont shut my power of this time . I have already paid it down more than half way and I am going to keep doing my best ! 
Excited that Monday is almost here so I can go back to work ! 
Anyone doing anything this weekend ? I am still available to hang out this weekend so let me know if you want to do anything . I am happy its pay day and wouldnt mind getting out of the house . 
If you know me well , you know that I am _______ , I love _______ , and I cant stand ________ . ( Please fill in the blanks ! Thanks ! Copy into your status if you wish ! ) 
I sleep twelve hours and an still tired . No matter how much I sleep I am always drowsy and about to fall asleep . Having hypersomnia really bites especially when you're accused of just being lazy ! 
Hallie Burger King now has new breakfast items and Seattle's Best Brewed Coffee ! Come check us outstarting at six A.M. untill 10:30 A.M. 
I vol my boss about my surgery and it went betts than expected . I still feel really bad for having to take off from work . I love my job and I have thinking about missing out . 
Life without love is a lonely nightmare ! Appreciate your significate other and never take them for granted ! 
Why is it when it comes to love women need to hear it more than see it and men need to see it more than hear it ? 
Having surgery on May 21st , next month , after that I won't be able to work for two or more weeks . I still won't be able to walk around much untill up to ten weeks after the surgery date ! 
Whats your prayer request for today ? Answer below and I will pray for you and your loved ones ! 
Doing my best to make my actions reflect my intentions and my intentions to reflect God's will ! 
Bomboarded by philosophies that satisfy the surface I flee to something deeper at the risk of seeking purpose ! ~ DC Talk 
Done with peoples drama ... either be real or be gone ! 
Just because someone doesnt say they love you doesnt mean they dont ! 
I dont think there is suppose to be any sparks coming from my cealing fan ! 
Will you always be there ? Will you be my teddybear ? Will you listen when I am sad ? Will you give me space when I am mad ? 
says don't rely on someone to make you happy . Happiness comes within yourself or you will suffer from a lonely heart . 
My flowers are thankful for the rain but some run would be nice as well ! 
Cory is not only good to me but he is also good for me ! 
I keep paying as much as I can on my bills . I sure hope they dont really turn off my electricity today ! 
Proverbs 3:27 Withhold not good from thoes who deserve it when it is in your power to help ! 
Prays that my boyfriend will always see the good in me even when I may make mistakes in life . 
Love is a decision that you make , an action that take , not a feeling that you can fake ! 
Loopt 
I love being able to work again ! Thank God ! I may not have the best job but I am so happy I have one ! For all you who are looking may God bless you with one soon ! 
God sees not as man sees for man looks at the outward appearance but God looks at the heart . 
Missing my Cory ! 
* His wings take him where ever he is needed and I follow with my heart and soul ! * 
I dont want to live . I dont want to breathe . Les I feel you next to me . You take the pain I feel . Waking up next to you never felt so real . ( Skillet ) 
reminds you : Fear is temporary . Regret is forever ! 
vielen danke für die ganzen glückwünsche :) 
First day of Civics Class tomorrow . I hope I don't get lost . Wish of good Luck ! 
Love must be sincere ! Hate what is evil clinging to what is good be be devoted to one another with brotherly love ! 
Bobby is taking such good care of me ! 
Nervous about surgery this Friday and the charming neighbor that is trying to steel me away . 
Disgusted by the lyrics in todays songs that encourage teenagers to have sex ! 
Faith without works is dead . Just like feeling you love someone without showing it ! 
I cant wait to go back to work on Monday ! 
At home not able to do anything because of my ankle surgery ! 
Home from surgery ! 
Just because you've lost that loving feeling towards someone doesnt mean it wont come back . Love is a commitment not something you should give up on and that goes for both people in the relationship . Love and be loved ! 
Having a really hard time sleeping for work with the neighbor screaming and two cops at her house . Ugh ! 
PATIENCE and FAITHFULNESS are the stepping stones of a never-ending RELATIONSHIP .. 
I could not ask God for a better boyfriend . I love him so much ! 
We could not make it home through the blizzard so we had to stay at some friend's place ! 
What's on my mind ? hmmmmmm ....... 
Damaged by Plumb , I hate pos t-t ramatic stress ! 
Is it summer yet ? 
Living life without the one you love is like living in a nightmare . I cant wait to wake up to him . 
Sitting in the car watching my brothers practise for baseball ! I am not liking the whole not being able to walk thing ! 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday . 
Please God give me the wisdom to show him the love that I feel ! 
Family isn't always blood , it's the ones that love you for who you are and would give the shirt off their back even when it's all they have themselves . 
I know I am not perfect . I admit it freely but I always strive to do my best and to improve myself . 
Bobby said just because I cant be out and about doesnt mean I cant have some fresh air so if opened my windows for me . He is the sweetest guy ever ! 
I met an angel who swept me off my feet ! He is protective , handsome , and extremely sweet ! 
I have the best boyfriend ever ! 
The things that people in love do to each other they 
remember and if they stay together , it's not because 
they forget , it's because they forgive . 
Feeling lonely and missing cuddle time ! 
I am falling fast for my neighbor ! I have never been given so much attention and affection from such a handsome man before ! 
I guess my family is having a family reunion . I wasn't invited again . I can't wait to find out what they answer when God asks them why ! 
Striving to get my house work done this afternoon and my therapy Appointment is tomorrow . 
J.O.Y. Jesus Others Yourself , F.R.O.G. Fully Rely On God , P.R.A.Y. Praise Repent Ask Yield 
I want heal . I want to feel like I am close to something real . I want to let go of this pain I felt so long . Somewhere I belong !?! 
cleaning house and going through things ! 
Missing Cory ! 
If my heart is broken in two what do I do ? If my heart is broken in three can you still love me ? 
The rich have to cry , the poor have to cry ... 
What have i become my sweetest friend ? Everyone i know goes away in the end . 
I wish I had a washer & dryer ! 
I am crushing on my new neighbor . He is so sweet and thoughtful . 
Relying on a person more than God is like relying on a feeling more than a fact ! 
I told the closer that she could soak some things over night at work and that I would wash them in the morning . Now everyone is praising and writing her thank you letters to her for soaking them and didnt even thank me for spending most of my morning washing them all . I guess putting something in water is more appreciated than taking the time to wash everything by hand ! 
Done with work for the week ! Just waiting for my ride now ! 
Sitting home without family or friends .... I hate holidays ! 
Please pray for my brother Ryan . He fell off a roof while working today . Pray that he will heal fast ! 
I am so excited about going back to work ! 
This year I am thankful for my boyfriend because he makes me so happy ! 
I got adopted by a neighborhood cat named P.J. so I went and bought him some goods ! 
Today is terrible ! I cant walk . My computer doesnt work . My TV is stuck on menu and I am bored out of my mind ! 
Watching True Blood ! 
Being open minded and not judging others is very important to me ! 
God sees not as man sees for man looks at the outward appearance but the Lord looks at the heart ! May our intentions be according to God's will and may our actions reflect it ! 
Love is harder to spot than hate but its more appreciated ! 
Please God tell me what your plans for me are because I am not good at making decisions !!! 
Some times things are hard and we just need time alone but that doesnt mean we dont love those close to us any more ! 
Dancing outside in severethunderstorms is so much fun ! 
Listening to the neighbors scream at each other and wondering when the cops will be called next ! Praying for the two little kids that dont know what love really is ! I know how they feel I felt that way before ! 
We love you Allison and I hope you know we all miss you so much ! Take care up there in heaven ! 
X-Cel is most likely turning my electric off again on me next week . 
At work praying that my friends wont abandon me because of the fact I have a hard time trusting . May the Lord show us all his mercy today ! 
Please pray that my little brother Reno will find his purpose and reason for living . He told me this weekend he doesnt believe he has any purpose in life . 
Just two more days untill my hero's birthday ! 
I have an appointment today . I should be home around five pm . 
* I dont want be a casual christian ! I dont want to live a luke warm life ! I want light up the night with his ever lasting light ! * 
Worn out from my first week back to work ! 
Wondering if Farrin is coming over to talk today . 
Today is my last day at this B.K. There are many things I will miss about it and many things I will not , but the time has come for me to start over new . 
To love someone who doesnt love you back in the and way is like living in your own personal hell ! 
The storm was pretty loud this morning ! 
Cory is so sweet , Sometimes I think he is perfect ! 
Half of my power still doesnt work in my house and my rent money was stolen ! Why do I keep giving second chances when I know I am not suppose to cast my pearls before swine ? 
Got yelled at by my boss today for bringing lunch to work ! I told her I cant by Burger King with food stamps but she is all like put in your own little cooler than . I repeated to her all I have is food stamps ! Because they wont give me a raise ! 
Lover isnt about looks , money , or past mistakes . Its about faithfulness , support , and honesty . 
Love should not be based on fleeting feelings that come and go . Love is an action that should be performed even if you dont feel like it ! Would you make a child starve simply because you dont feel like cooking ? 
Hallie Youth Baseball Days where parents drink beer and than drive their children home ! 
Sometimes I just cant help myself ! 
Cant sleep ! Worried about losing a good friend who has been there for me when no one else was ! 
Since when did dine her and wine her become line her and whine her ? 
God will never drop me further than my knees . 
Brunner 
I can't wait to move in with my true love , Cory , in Madison ! 
No one will ever be good enough to enter a perfect place like heaven thats why salvation is needed .. . For its not by work lest any man may boast for it is the gift of God ! Remember though that Faith without works is dead ! So dont be luke warm ! 
Hold me down cause i want to know you . You bring calm to my rage . You are life and I am thirsting for you . ( Skillet ) 
Worn out from work and therapy ! Sometimes I wish I didnt have to work so much so I would have more energy the do other things but I have to be responsible ! 
Feeling lonely again ! 
My job : A minimum wage pay where they expect maximum effort ! 
What positive words would you use to describe me ? 
Three days till my birthday . My one birthday wish is for my boyfriend to be able to tell me he loves me . 
Ready to put the past behind me . 
I strive to be a good person so why is it that some people only choose to see my imperfections ? 
Weekend alert ! Time for YOURSELF ! Fun , friends , rest , relaxation . Whatever it may be , may GOD bless you with a safe , happy and healthy one ! 
My boyfriend is my hero ! 
I know love isnt about money but sometimes I think it would be easier to show my love if I was rich . 
Power of One is in Appleton Wisconsin on Saturday , November 6 this year ! I so want to go ! 
I admit I am not perfect but I do try . 
Its almost time for me o start my life over brand new ! I hate lots of goals I wish to accomplish and I cant wait to get started ! 
Walked to work this morning in a severe thunderstorm . Than the power went out at work for a couple of minutes . 
Weekends are lonely living alone ! 
Missing work already ! Is Monday almost here ? 
Home while my family goes out to eat . I wish I could afford to go with them ! 
Asking forgiveness is hard to do when there is no way you can repay ! 
Don't get your knickers in a twist ! 
Some people hate my honesty . Why ? 
Sometimes missing someone is just a part of life . 
Loneliness and laziness go hand in hand ! 
Wishing my computer was fixed . Anyone wanna fix it for me as an early birthday present ? My b day is on the second of september ! 
Love is something you choose to do even when you dont feel like it ! 
I have the best boyfriend ever . He makes me so happy ! 
I am so in debt . I sleep t much . I have depression and the only thing good about me is my heart ! 
Hoping my week will turn out good and yours as well ! God bless ! 
Why do parents allow their teenage girls to dress themselves so unmodestly ? 
Working late today . 
Work is so stressful when the managers are freaking out every two minutes ! 
Can't wait to move in with Cory ... I love him so much ! 
Feeling weak . 
No plans ! What do I do ? 
~ Sometimes you have to let your heart lead you even if it's leading you to a place you never planned to be in ...!! ~ 
I dont want to be alone with any guy save for my boyfriend . Dont take offense , just be happy for me that I am in love ! 
You cant always trust someone you love but you can always love someone you trust ! 
Cory and I finally made Lasagna tonight ! Special thanks goes out to my good friend Lindsey for giving me her recipe ! Thank you Lindsey !!!! 
Being with someone is't about eliminating eachother's faults but celebrating each other's value . 
I hate it when guys ask me for something sexual even though they know I am with someone ! The answer is No ! So stop asking ! 
Why cant burger king ever keep track of their files ? They had of fill out an application for work today ! 
Work today was tiring but not as bad as the begining of the week and I didnt get harassed today ! 
Some guys are jerks . They ask to hang out but when you tell them that you would love to as long as they dont try anything sexual than they suddenly become too busy to spend time with you ! Are guys uncapable of being just friends or what ? 
Face-book grounded me from adding friends for two days ! :( 
" And though my heart is torn , i will praise You in this storm ! " ~ Casting Crowns 
Every day at Burger King is the same I do my very best to get food out as fast as I can to get drive through time down . However the time starts ticking when the customer pulls up to the menu and starts thinking about what they want which they blame that time on me ! Of course they always tell the customer take your time and than yell at me when the drive through time is too high ! 
Live long and prosper ! 
How can Burger King not afford to give me a raise when they charge almost one dollar for one egg ! 
Cory is the man I want to be with for the rest of my life ! 
I want to be a healer ! 
P.J. is so awesome ! 
Work was hot as an oven today since the Air Conditioner had to be fixed ! 
Everyday I think about how much I love Cory and how I want to be with him forever ! 
R olev xlwvh ! 
Empathy : The power to enter into another's personiality with undertanding and imagining their feelings . 
Every week day morning before work I hide in the restroom to wait for my manager so I dont have to listen to the gas station guy talk about how woman are sex objects ! He is whiny , desperate , and cling . Ugh ! 
I never want to cause my boyfriend to feel jealous . I want him to know I love him as much as I want to know he loves me . 
Anyone interested in buying a one bedroom trailer ? I am only asking two thousand for it since I am eager to move . There is a new furnace , new refrige , and its newly insulated as well as properly tested for air leaks ... 
Remembering the victims of 9-11 . May our prayer be heard . 
If you are ever feeling stressed , worn down , depressed or plain miserableeven for an extended period I recommend Vitamin B Complex and Omega Oils along with a multiple vitamin suppliment ! They are working great for me ! 
Ecclesiastes 1:2 “Meaningless ! Meaningless ! ” 
says the Teacher . 
“Utterly meaningless ! 
Everything is meaningless . ” 
Anyone interested in buying a one bedroom trailer ? I am only asking two thousand for it since I am eager to move . There is a new furnace , new refrige , and its newly insulated as well as properly tested for air leaks . 
Sorry I dont do match making ! 
I have perfect reading and language scores on my tests ! 
They are fixing the water . I hope its turned on soon ! 
I had a hard day today so I plan to spend my night relaxing with God ! 
Detoxing from Effexor Day Four ! 
I pray that tomorrow will be a better day . 
Cleaning and Packing ... I cant wait to start a new life with Cory ! 
Thinking about how much college cost and how bad of credit I have extremely depresses me when I can not even afford to pay my share of the bills . 
I am excited about moving in with the man I love ! 
Working @ Burger King has taught me knew meaning to Reuse , Reduce , & Recycle ! Yuck ! 
I cant wait to move in with Cory . 
I pray that my intentions are always pure and that my actions reflect them . 
Eating veggies in front of everyone at Burger King while they eat fast food ; LOL ! 
Now accepting a donation of a Mp3 player if anyone has an old one they no longer desire just let me know . Thanks ! 
I miss sitting around an open fire ! 
I am always striving earnestly to do my very best ! 
What's the point of going to school to sit here and do Independent study time that I could be doing at home ? I come to class because I want to learn not because I want to work on what I already know all day ! This class is so unorganized and nobody hardly ever shows up to begin with so we keep going over the same things over and over again when they come back ! n We are never going to be ready for our tests on time . 
One week till I move to Madison . I can't wait to see my hero again . 
" The only thing I know , is that I know nothing . " 
I can't wait to go to school on the 25th it's going to be so fun ! 
I want the whole world to know that my heart belongs to Cory ! 
No one has ever showed me true love like Cory has , even when we were just friends . 
Looking to join a paranormal group in Madison , WI . Pleads let me know if you can help me find one there . Thank you ! 
School is boring but the people are nice ! 
Why do people think that they can help me by getting me to spend money I don't have ? 
I get to go to school to day ! I'm so excited ! 
May our inner beauty surpass that of our outer beauty for as outer beauty fades with time our inner beauty still has a chance to grow ! 
Air Purifiers 
Whether it is allergy season or closed window season ( when it's too cold or too hot to keep your windows open ) , or if you just want your house to be cleaner and fresher - using an air purifier will help reduce airborne germs and pollutants such as bacteria , influenza viruses , fungi , mold spores , dust , smoke , pollen , and pet dander . 
I always feel so worn out and lazy on the weekends ! 
Don't do something out of guilt that will make you resent the one you love ! 
My boss won't turn in my change of information forms because she says she doesn't care . 
UnderStaffed at work again and losing customers because of it again ! Not to mention nobody schedualed to do truck . We need better service . 
God has shown me his love through Cory and I am truly grateful ! 
If you call about making a payment arrangement and a girl answers the phone I suggest hanging up till you get a guy ! 
I am so in love with Cory ! 
Cory is coming today ! 
Being with Cory is like living inside a dream . I hope I never wake up . 
Please God forgive me for my mistakes . Help me to be better ! 
One mistake at work equals a half an hour lecture on what I already know . My good intentions never account for anything . 
I want to be the best girlfriend ever because Cory really inspires me and I want to be with him forever !!! 
The problem with love is that so many people don’t have a clue what it is . Love is not a feeling ; it’s an attitude 
Feeling helpless . I hate feeling needy ! 
The mind of the wise makes his speech judicious , and adds persuasiveness to his lips . ~ Proverbs 16:23 
The only thing I need now to take my tests is some proper identification . 
Going to church with the man of my dreams ! 
Yesterday is over ! We can't go back and redo anything that happened ... But we can make better choices today ! With God's grace we have a NEW chance everyday ! <3 
I do not recommend walking more than an hour in the rain ! 
I miss having someone to cuddle with while watching a movie , I miss having someone hold my hand , I miss I miss not feeling lonely ! 
On the way to Madison ! 
Are you sniffling and sneezing during the winter and you don't know why ? It could be that you have an allergy to certain molds . Once in a while a mold problem in the home , which can be controlled , is the cause of allergies —kind of like dust . 
Knowing your never going to be perfect makes you realize you can never make someone else love you ! 
I wish I had more friends here in Madison to hang out with . I really miss spending time with friends ! 
Anyone out there hate sliding closet doors that come off track or doesn't leave you with much room to use your closet ? 
" The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant . We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift . " -- Albert Einstein . 
Got to go to an appointment . Got to be there at four thirty . 
I hate being sick ! 
The snow is everywhere they canaled schools , jobs , and even the city buses ! It's steep and piled up every where with cars suck where ever you go ! 
If there is anyone out there willing to give me a good work reference please let me know , thanks . 
If I were house keys where in the house would I be ? 
I am so bored ! 
Ugh ! What a boring morning ! 
Working on my Civics ! It's all I need to complete my H.S.E.D. ! 
Holidays are not a happy time for many many people . It's a time that many of us grieve our lost loved ones and remember the better times that we wish were still here . To all of you like me , I pray that you will make it through these days without too much pain . God bless us all ! 
Anyone know anybody with the phone number 715-835-1127 ? They tried calling me at 3:20 AM when I was sleeping ! 
Proverbs 17:28 Even a fool who keeps silent is considered wise ; when he closes his lips , he is deemed intelligent . 
I have the sweetest boyfriend ever ! 
Thank you God for blessing me with Cory in my life ! 
Please pray for my mom , Karen Balts , she is sick with ammonia and the flu ! Also , on top of that she has been fighting severe chronic sinus problems for the last few months . So please keep her in your prayers ! Thanks ! 
Genuine love is volitional rather than euphorically emotional . The person who truly loves does so because of ' a decision to love . ' This person has made a commitment to ' be loving , ' whether or not the loving feelings are present . True love is an act of will that transcends ephemeral feelings of love or cathexis , it can be said , " Love is as love does . " 
Remember all through grade school saying this every morning to start the day ..... I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , and to the republic for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with LIBERTY and JUSTICE for all !! We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many AMERICANS will re-post this & NOT CARE about offending anyone .... Let's go 
Freedom OF Religion doesn't mean Freedom FROM Religion ! 
Ugh ! I had a terrible nightmare about the Chippewa Falls , WI bridges ! 
Freedom doesn't come free so why should we give our rights away ???? 
Eating Breakfast ! 
Eating Breakfast ! The most important meal of the day ! Yay ! 
The sun is leaving again ! There goes my vitamin D ! 
Snow Snow go away ! Come again some other decade ! 
Done with my half an hour on the treadmill for this morning ! 
Headed to school ! 
I don't recommend sitting sideways on a bus if you are prone to motion sickness ! 
I'm officially done with my Civics class so my teacher is sending for my H.S.E.D. diploma ! 
Cory and I got invited over to his sister's for dinner ! 
Missing my family and encouraging them to go to church with me . At least they got out of the house and smiled when they went . 
Why do people always want to call you all at the same time ? 
“Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls ; the most massive characters are seared with scars . ” ~ Kahlil Gibran 
Bored to death and wishing we had two T.V.s ! 
Missing my family and friends ! 
Trying to get the dishes done ! 
I'm feeling good and feeling happy ! I love being with Cory ! 
Having a bad day ! 
I wish the neighbors would turn down their annoying music ! 
Tired of snow and loud neighbors ! 
Knowing your loved is when they show it ; Feeling your loved is when they say it ! 
What a nice day for snow . Not ! 
Sometimes my nightmares seem so real ! 
Off to go Lucid dreaming ! 
What a boring day ! 
Another Holiday where I don't get to see my family ! 
No where to go ; nothing to do ! No inspiration ; No motivation ! 
Happy Easter ! 
Bored , Restless , and Lonely ! 
Life is too predictable and not very exciting lately ! 
I miss playing interactive games and not always being sucked into the T.V. Whatever happened to game night anyways ? 
Gotta love Fire Alarms that you can't turn off late at night ! 
Please turn off the fire alarm someone ??? 
Missing my alone time ! 
I've worked full time for thirteen years now ... I just want to take this one summer off before I start college in the fall ! ( Click Like if you think its a good idea . ) 
My prayers go out to those who were in The Path of Destruction when all those Tornadoes stormed through ! 
They could have warned us that they were going to shut our water off !!! I want to know when I will get water back !!! 
I miss my family and I hope my mom will have a good Mother's day this year without me ! 
Oh Yay ! It might get up to 50 degrees today ! 
My boyfriend is the best ! He took me out to last night to go for a walk , to look at shoes , and to get some dinner ! He's so sweet ! 
I hope we get our water pressure back soon ! 
Bored on such a nice and warm day ! 
