Anyone know how to remove mafia wars from your profile ? getting sick of all the unnecessary notifications ..! 
was " this " close to taking the family car and heading up north indefinately .. amazing what boredom can do :) 
was " this " close to taking the car and heading up north ! 
Enjoy your worries , you may never have them again :) 
looking forward to vale tudo night ! 
was " this " close to taking the family car and heading up north indefinately .. amazing what boredom can do :) ( i meant heading for göteborg or sthlm or something :p ) 
is probably an anarchist .. 
Bartenderschool on monday =D ! 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works ..!! 
Thanx Everyone .... ur making my day =D 
Thanx Everyone ! Ur making my day ! =D 
Indigo 
I need tupperwear to keep my food fresh .. Once I ate leftover chinese that had been kept in an unsealed container and I experienced complete awareness . 
I read somewhere that a healthy breakfast helps concentration and have found , since replacing my usual diet of nicotine with froot loops , I am able to move small objects with my mind . 
Peeling off the toffee part of the Toffifee 
Skiiing tomorrow ! Wooooo ! =D 
helt sliten .. epic battle me Ralph XD 
Zynga poker chip donations very muuuch appreciated =) 
FERRY CORSTEN in Slagthuset Malmö , 5th March !!! 250kr ! Lemme know if u want tickets !!! 
helt sliten ... epic battle me ralph 2 : Rocky edition XD 
dum dum diggi diggi dum dum ... 
Bartender Work Tonite !! :D 
anyone know of a good facebook game i could waste time with ? 
hehe bästa på Din gata .. " Det är svårt att vara idiot nuförtiden , det är hård konkurens " ... 
thesis proposal ..... must ... not .... freak ... out ... 
FERRY COSTRA in Slagthuset Malmö 5 March !!! 250 kr ! Lemme know if you want tickets !! 
Anyone else having trouble logging in to msn ? 
The man from Earth = Brilliant 
is wishing for summer ... climbing shoes and skateboard has been in the dark for too long .. 
AAAAArrrrrggggghhhh !..... thesis .... 
Booooreeed ! 
can't find me books .. 
äntligen hemma 07:22 .. CHAOS kväll på Deep .. hata kortläsare !! 
Stukat foten som fan .. nog ingen träning på hela veckan :S 
Is offically paralyzed by information overload .. 
Friday night and bored as shit ! 
Haha ! I'm sorry I was at mars for a minute but I'm back now and brought T-shirts for everybody ! 
Tänk om man såg allt i 3D ... 
no sleep and first day at new job , wooo !... this shoud be interesting ... 
I wanna get close to you like asentencewithoutpauses 
Thanks Everyone !!! =D U guys bring warmth to this freezing winter in Oslo =) 
Booreed as Shiiite ! 
Just sneezed ... after a 2 minute haaaa .. haaaa .. 
I like nonsense , 
it wakes up the brain cells . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living , 
It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope . 
Which is what I do , And that enables you to laugh at life's realities . 
DK ikväll =D .. rustar upp me " Monster energy juice " ! 
Wow .. just watched an Eric Clapton solo ... why is it always amazing when he looks like he's been possessed ? 
Lajk A saambOoody ! 
Last Night out , let there be House ! 
Oslo it is ! 
Ny Dator =D 
Finally gonna start getting paid doing something I'm really good at ! =D 
When you dwell on past mistakes , sorrows and worries or worry about something in the future that probably isnt even going to happen , you'll spend energy that you're going to need when you actually get in to trouble . 
I wanna be sedated ! 
Good morning , 

I will not be 
in to work today due to the fact that I woke up feeling quite 
belligerent so it is probably best for everyone if I am not there . 
Regards , Quinto 
haha !... this night is gonna be LE-GEND-ARY ... wait for it ... ARY !! 
no giovanni .. u may not leave the house to get lucky on a sunday night because u have an exam tomorrow morning .... 
any suggestions of what the 2 ladies could be thinking while watching the mermen painting ? 
... äter kanelbullar ... 
whaat ? 
tänk o bara gå i stan o bli fångad av en pokéboll ... 
they walk in the skies .. so nea and so hiigh .. they stopping for none and when they has done they agree that the sea is the best place to be ... wonderously free , they live happily ... they know from the past ... life just doesnt last so they live for today or tomorrow they may not be able to walk in the skies ... 
27 hours and counting .. :S 
Leaving on a jetplane dunno when i'll be back again .. ( 8 ) 
Biblan .. igen .. 
haha .. " Hey baby , are you being followed ?, because I've been seeing people behind your back " ( breakup line ) 
Whatever your life condition right now .. good or bad .. always remember that we're all winners .. we won the sperm race XD 
Klicka på Gilla-knappen om jag någonsin fåttdig att le . Sätt detta i din status och se hur många som du fått att le :) 
Greatest Night Eeavaaa ! 
in Oslo 
kafkaesque 
bada Bo00000000001 ! 
SHUTTER ISLAND = MINDF*UCK ! 
Hey my name is Bob LobLaw ... 
Har precis köpt 1kg Cornflakes 
Thanks Everyone !! U guys are bringing warmth to this freezing winter in Oslo =) 
Wrecked ... bed ... mmmm ... zzzzzzzz 
My laptop has officially given up ... ass ! 
oooooOOOUUUUUOOOooooo ... ca plane pour moi ! 
day after headache , wooo !.. 
Watching " Something , something , something Dark Side " 
Finally back home ! 
FAN BLEV SKITSUGEN NU ! :D verkar jävligt fet 
“Expecting 
the world to treat you fairly because you are a good person is a little 
like expecting a bull not to attack you because you are a vegetarian” 
" I can picture in my mind a world without war , a world without hate . 
And I can picture us attacking that world , because they'd never expect 
it . " 
Ticket paid for Friday's Jönköping Foam Party !! Epicness guaranteed !! 
Wooooo ! 
For the month of December change your profile 
picture with one of a cartoon character of your childhood and invite 
your friends to do the same . The purpose is to not see a single human 
face on Facebook but an invasion of memories supporting the cause to 
FIGHT CHILD ABUSE . Pass it along !! 
now has 28% Spanish comprehension according to his DS , Adelante Bitches !! 
Irooon Cockurúúú ! 
Helloaw 
Nån som ska ti båten ikväll ? 
Du e så sjuukt lättlurad Ronald , kom in vi väntar på dig ! =D 
In Jönköping with Sertan Yargovan , kick off party all week !!! =D 
Diggi digiii .. xD 
Off to Göteborg tomorrow =) 
Biblan ... 
Warzone Malmö .. 
Arrghh .. feeling a relapse coming ... 
... is officially a " security consultant " LOL =P 
sweeeet emooootioooon ... ;) 
Out exploring Oslo =D 
I wanna be a trillionaire soo friggin baad ... 
If I said that you have a beatiful body , would you hold it against me ? 
For all of u who managed to wake up at 6a.m to go to work or wherever .. I salute u ! 
Yes skönt träningspass på Gymmet .. SATS kan annars stick sina bindningstider where the sun don't shine .. 
Diablo 2 lan @ Toppers .. gonna be a long night people ! 
Oslo on a friday night .. What to do ... what to do ..? 
Dubstep and DnB night ! 
sweetnessss 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXLMpPhHk6w&feature=related 
Backbreaking matress 
äntligen städat o diskat o tvättat klart ... nu e d bara sexpacket som återstår .. 
I was always a leg man . It was the first thing I saw when I was born . But then I was trying to get out . Ever since I have been working in the other direction and with pretty lousy luck . 
Någon som har lyckats ta sig ur S.A.T.S jobbiga bindingstid som vill dela med sig av sina erfarenheter ? 
Skaffat mig ett nytt Norskt Nummer ! 
451 58 051 
Erase my old ! 
sker ikväll ? 
Nån som bor i Oslo eller e sugen på att flytta till Oslo ? HAR ETT RUM LEDIGT I VÅRT KOLLEKTIV 3900 nok/månaden ! Måste veta inom 2 veckor ! 

Anobody living in Oslo or is planning on moving to Oslo ? WE HAVE A ROOM VACANT IN OUR COLLECTIVE 3900 nok/month ! Must have notice within 2 weeks ! 
yogaing 
Vi alla har minst 100 + vänner på facebook , men när det kommer till att behöva en vän att prata med , hur många kommer faktiskt att vara där för dig ? Jag kan satsa att inte ens 15 av dina vänner kommer att gilla denna status . Gilla det här om du kommer att vara där för mig . Även om du är tjej/kille . Sätt detta som din status och se vilka vänner som kommer vara där för dig ! 
Back in Oslo , tog bara 9 timmar ! 
" God o mighty , I thought , I wish he'd hurry up . " 
It's national book week . The rules : Grab the closest book , turn to page 56 , post the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the title . Copy the rules as part of your status . 
