black bear hamsters are escape artists 
“Trust is like a vase .. once it's broken , though you can fix it the vase will never be same again . ” 
Turtles ahh buy turtles . Please I hate them ! 
Reptile and Aquatics Expo this sunday see you there 
JAGER BOMBS + HOMEWORKS , totally productive ! 
Phone is dead , well slowly dieing a tortuous 
death ! So call my house if y'all need anything . :P 
Do you think I'm special ? 

Do you think I'm nice ? 
Am I bright enough to shine in your spaces ? 
Between the noise you hear 
And the sound you like 
Are we just sinking in an ocean of faces ? 
" Sometimes you find yourself in the middle of nowhere . Sometimes in the middle of nowhere , you find yourself . " 
Autumn's sweet we call it fall 
I'll make it to the moon if I have to crawl 
Certain thoughts are prayers . There are moments when , whatever be the attitude of the body ; the soul is on its knees . Rest in peace Shadi . 
" Except in cases of necessity , which are rare , leave your friend to learn unpleasant things from his enemies ; they are ready enough to tell them . " 
“The only way to deal with an un-free world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion . ” 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!! 
" I 
wanted to see you again , touch you , know who you were , see if I would 
find you identical with the ideal image of you which had remained with 
me and perhaps shatter my dream with the aid of reality . 
Yu , maar sys giftig - Oo jussie is dit ? 
" True friendship is a plant of slow growth , and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation . " 
Soft spoken with a broken jaw 
Step outside but not to brawl 
Autumn’s sweet we call it fall 
I’ll make it to the moon if I have to crawl and 
With the birds I’ll share 
This lonely view ... 
Scar tissue that I wish you saw 
Sarcastic mister know it all 
Close your eyes and I’ll kiss you ’cause 
Be as a bird perched on a frail branch that she feels bending beneath her , still she sings away all the same , knowing she has wings . 
Sunbeams are not made like me . 
Don't expect me to cry for all the reasons you had to die . Don't ever ask your 
love of me . 
And the love kickstarts again 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . 
Oh so sick of being sick :( 
Let's go to war to make peace ,? Let's be cool to create heat .? I hope in darkness we can see . 
Reading MACBETH AKA MACDEATH 
" It's only after you've lost everything , " " that you're free to do anything . " 
So it goes . 
" Say what you will about the sweet miracle of unquestioning faith , I consider a capacity for it terrifying and absolutely vile ! " 
" So many people enter and leave your life ! Hundreds of thousands of people ! You have to keep the door open so they can come in ! But it also means you have to let them go ! " 
