I had a migraine yesterday but it was nothing that Tylenol , Ibruprophen , a swig of caffiene and a two hour nap couldn't fix . :) I realized today that I am going to have to learn to drive in the city again ... or at least around Jacksonville . I don't want to miss another lunch invitation in St. Augustine . It's my favorite place in the world . 
Watching Rocky Horror - Glee style . 
I am so sorry to anyone who has written me and I haven't gotten back to you yet . It's really crazy over here trying to get everything packed & moved & changed over . 
Ugh . Come on . I'm ready to be well . 
ugh ... packing all day long ... neck is protesting greatly .... how ironic that the money allowing us to move is from the accident that caused this neck pain ... 
Christian's teacher to the class : You guys are working my last nerve and that one is reserved for my husband . 
Betty Poop pushed WAY too far today . I snapped and it's all on tape . Not sure if it's something I should EVER share . Still deciding on whether or not to leave her a parting gift . 
What a day . Been round & round with CVS about getting Christian's meds . Finally called Walgreens who set us up immediately . Mom is sick and tired of being sick . Colin is having issues with his job that worry us greatly . In comparison , IE being a pain in the rear and the latest patch being moved back isn't anything to complain about ... but ... quin ? 
Today is Colin's last day of work in Illinois . :) 
Still unpacking boxes and trying to find what we need before we need it but failing . We decided to take a break and go to the Catfish Festival . Yum ! Completely worth it . I've missed my southern foods ; catfish , grits & the BEST sweet tea . 
Curiouser and Curiouser ... 
Ashley says she wants to dress up as Anita Blake for Halloween and the kids want to go as her zombies . lol 
I love that sleeping in now means I am up before 9 am . I'm doing laundry and planning a nice , big brunch for the family . Colin is still feeling under the weather so I'm trying to baby him . I'm feeling a bit melancholy . I guess that's normal . 
Packed up a lot of the basement today . There's something down there that causes all of us to get headaches . Good thing we're moving . 
It was wonderful seeing my family again after all these years . I wish it could have been under different circumstances . However , no matter what , I know more than ever that my little family has finally found " home . " 
My day has been just mîrâbile ! 
All the kids went to school today . It feels like it's been a long time since the first of us was sick . Colin has an interview tomorrow for his dream job other than the fact that it's a weekend job . Still , full time pay for three days kicks butt in my book . 
Making fun of anything and everything including religion is a new religion in and of itself . If you really believe you are right and were really secure in your beliefs , you wouldn't spend all day trying to convince others they aren't . You actually aren't much different than the bullies telling everyone what to think except you're telling everyone they don't have the right to think unless they think like you . 
I have to face a plethora of phobias today and all without Colin's spoon fed support and encouragement . Wish me luck or clarity . I prefer clarity if you can spare it . :) 
Colin woke me up this morning . He was leaning over me , smiling . " You're speaking latin in your sleep . " I rubbed my eyes & asked , " What did I say ? " He answered , " I don't know . I don't speak latin . " 
Well ... Colin got the job ! Of course right ? lol He's an awesome nurse ! 
Why do so many people need/love drama ? My life doesn't need the shot of adrenalyn to keep it going . It's doing well all on it's own . 
Well , first of all , we had a great Christmas even though I had to take my poor hubby to the ER this evening . He has Pneumonia but the doc was great and gave him antibiotics on the spot . 
Ashley is feeling better , just weak . Colin is fevered but sleeping . I'm trying to catch up on the housework and laundry but wishing I was sleeping too . I never got a recover day and I'm ticked off about it . 
Woke up this morning to the sound of a guy from the city mowing the lot next door . I had just said to a very sleepy Colin , " Sounds like they are mowing the lot , " when we suddenly heard broken glass . My daughter's window had been shattered w/a piece of wood that the man had run over & the majority of it was still scattered around the sides of the yard . The man actually had the nerve to try to tell us it wasn't him . 
* bug eyes * 
" To familiarize ourselves w/ the virtue of patience , it is very helpful to think of adversity not so much as a threat to our peace of mind but rather as the very means by which patience is attained . From this perspective , we see that those who would harm us are , in a sense , teachers of patience . Such people teach us what we could never learn merely from hearing someone speak , be they ever so wise or holy . " Dalai Lama 
We went to a Masquerade/Vamprie party tonight and had a lot of fun . I don't think we're in Kansas ( Salem ) anymore . lol 
Colin left for work 30 minutes ago . I'm up working on getting the kids movitivated ( as well as myself . I am so NOT a morning person ) We stayed up until 4 am singing Karaoke Saturday night and I don't think any of us have yet recovered . 
I never , in my wildest dreams , thought we'd be moving so close to the beach again . Better yet is the prospect of being able to be with all our friends . <3 
I cannot possibly express how much I love this place . Today we decided to check out Chik-fil-a and after finding out we hadn't been there before they gave us our entire meal for free as a welcome to the area . TYG ! 
Colin was offered the DaVita job ! 
" Hope is like a road in the country ; there was never a road , but when many people walk on it , the road comes into existence . " 
– Lin Yutang 
Poor Harley Quinn . The doggie prednisone is not working so her hives came back . It seems the yearly shots are the trigger . She's so miserable . 
... and Colin is out like a light . lol 
I'm having a strange , fearful sensation . It's like I am about to be rescued from shark invested waters . I see the helicoptor ladder coming for me . How horrible would it be to get eaten up while seeing my escape in sight ? Yeah .. that explains it pretty well . 
I just lost 3000 words ... ugh . 
Just as we humans can only grasp the concept of time on a linear value of measurement we have also applied our same human limits to the Omnipotent . Even using a simple word puts a limit on the fathomless . And people think we are supreme beings ? Have you seen YouTube ? 
" Dawn patrol . Major dawn patrol . " - Carol , As Good as it Gets 
" Look ! Are you just fiddling around with me or what ? " ( man in black ) " I want you to feel you're doing well . " ( Fezzik ) -Princess Bride 
I've made picking on my husband an art form . Ask him about his bunny face some day . lol :P 
The count down continues . Just 4 more days until we move back to civilization . 
The kids are in the middle of shrewd candy trading deals . It's like Halloween Monopoly ; Ashley & her Kit Kats , Duncan and his caramel candies , Christian and anything chocolate . 
Turkey , mashed potatoes , gravy , stuffing , sweet potato souffle , green beans , greens , rolls , deviled eggs and mac & cheese ; all home made . Can't wait until we start on dessert ; chocolate turtle cheesecake , pecan pie & pumpkin pie . 
I think we're over the half way mark as far as the truck being loaded . It's a shame but I have to worry slightly about our stuff already in the truck because we have Betty Poop on one side of us and an apartment on the other side that supplies our neighborhood with a steady stream of druggies . I seriously feel like Salem and this house are saying , " GET OUT ! " 
You know your husband is a nurse when he says " I can tap that " and he's talking about your veins . True story . Creepy too . lol 
Hoping to go on a picnic today . We'll see . 
We made some potato soup . Yum ! 
" The humming birds here are slightly smaller than they are in Illinois . " " That would be a mosquito . " 
Oh 70 degrees winter ... how I love thee . 
We're driving down the road when Duncan says , " The roads here are sparkly . They must be made of vampires . " lol 
I am officially tired of waiting to move . 
" You're only given a little spark of madness . You mustn't lose it . " 
– Robin Williams 
Sensodyne is quickly becoming my new best friend . 
just got notice for a Facebook-wide prayer @ 8:30 pm tonight for Nicola Hammond and her family . She is the local 14 yr old girl missing from Marion county and thought to be en route 2 Oklahoma with 2 boys . 
We're not tourists anymore ! We have GA license and tag . 
It's 2:33 am ... where is my adenosine ? It was blocked by a heaping dose of caffine . Now I can't sleep . Thinking way too deep . And it's all because of my genes . 
I've moved to the Twilight Zone where everyone is nice ... 
Toothache ... ugh ... no insurance for at least three months ... fear that all dentists are like the one in Little Shop of Horrors ... but ow , toothache . 
Duncan has outgrown most of the clothes we bought him over the summer ( because he had outgrown the clothes we bought him in the spring ) and has nothing to wear anymore . I guess we're going shopping today . :) 
Woo hoo ! Catfish Festival this weekend ! 
I wrote this Thursday as part of a project : I am thankful for my nice , big comfy bed . I've learned to appreciate all its qualities and functions . It's my island of refuge , a patch of grass where I day dream , my pleasure dome , a therapist's couch and the tree where I meet my crush every day . 
Now that the option of moving is possible I find myself extremely anxious about choosing a location . I don't want to move to another hostile environment . 
We ran out of oil so I couldn't make pumpkin bread . Colin got another job offer today and it was the one he wanted . We just have to wait for a spot to open up for him . Yay , yay , yay ! 
And the second generation of ' butskiis ' and ' bugeyes ' begin ... 
Hubby is feeling better but has one heck of a mean cough . And ... it's cold here . What in the world is up with that ? I live on the Florida/Georgia state line . It's not ALLOWED to be cold here ! lol 
Wow . It's a pain in the rear to get Colin's nursing stuff switched over to Georgia & Florida . 
There's something quite poetic about moving to a home on Green Acres Drive . lol 
Grandma took a turn for the worse & is back in ICU . We haven't even got a chance to see her since we moved here . 
We had hopin ' john & sweet corn bread for dinner tonight . :) 
Watching The Deadliest Catch . RIP Phil Harris . 
The kids are laying outside watching the meteor shower . :) 
Move in date was pushed back until the 3rd . Not exactly the news we wanted but that gives us time to get things done . 
Well , I finally got an email from Facebook about why my old account was deactivated . They said that one of my ' friends ' reported me for posting ' annoying ' videos to Colin's page on April 9th ( mine & Colin's anniversary . Remember all those sappy love song videos ? ) . Wasn't that just so sweet of someone ? (<--- yeah , that's sarcasm ) 
Colin just upgraded to a new video card , power supply and hard drive ( because they fried old hard drive in the upgrade ) and I am all kinds of shades of jealous . 
I've had a headache all day . I've tried meds , caffine , heat & food . There is still this slight hammering going on at the base of my skull and temples . I guess I should try sleep but the little girl in me hates naps . 
If I asked you to be my friend , you know me ! I'm just being all secret squirrel like to avoid future therapy sessions . 
is feeling groovy . :) 
I cutt off the dead branches of my family tree . Amazing how well it grows now . 
I dreamed I went roller skating with Miss Jay from ANTM & Lafeyette from True Blood . I think I'm missing some old friends . 
We went to the beach today . The kids got to see dolphins and find their first shark's tooth . 
We got the place ! Woo hoo ! 
If laughter is the best medicine then my family is seriously overmedicated . LOL 
Michelle est deffessus . 
" I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success , but I can give you a formula for failure : Try to please everybody all the time . " – Herbert Bayard Swope 
Duncan & Scotty loved school . Duncan said that students came up and shook his hand when introducing themselves . See ... Twilight Zone . Christian's reading score was college level . We'll find out the rest tomorrow . 
They're heeeere ... 
Quote of the day : " How ya'll liking those fried green tomatoes ? " Love , Love , LOVE it here . 
Christian woke up with a temp today . Let's hope we can't pass this around a second time . 
Our U-Haul is in town . That makes it so much more real . 10 more days . 
Colin got his Florida Nursing License today ! 
We are all so tired & for the first time , in a long time , glad that it is Friday . We still have running to do ; driver's license , tags , insurance stuff & still having issues with the car but right now I really can't think of anything else other than my heavy eyelids & my light , fluffy pillows . Even so , I should probably wake Colin up so we can run some errands . Good morning all ! 
I'm sick of dealing with insecure people who can only say mean things & then attempt to hide their intent with , " I'm only joking . " If you can't say anything nice , don't say anything at all . Ever hear that one ? I don't have time for your drama nor do I want to deal with your baggage . Take it up with a therapist . Don't like what I have to say ? Delete me ! I'm done wasting time on hateful people . 
Ok , to get a Driver's License I have to get my previous marriage certificate . I call county & they tell me I need the name of the couple & the month & year of marriage . I say , " I have no clue what month but it was back in 86 . " She laughs & says , " I take it you're no longer in this marriage ? " lol I wonder how she guessed ? 
Ashley & Duncan discovered a treehouse in the back yard . Ashley got a piece of bark in her eye & we had to take her to ER . She's ok . Our ER visit was hilarious though . Everyone talked to everyone asking , " What cha doing here ? " " What's wrong wit ya ? " lol Have I mentioned that I LOVE it here ? 
I love those little stick-on heating pads . I wrenched my neck watching the meteor showers . lol I think I'll lay down on the ground tonight . 
Duncan & Scotty had their first day of school today . Christian had placement tests to do but will start tomorrow . The boys were very excited this morning . We'll see if they are just as excited once they get home . lol 
Alright . Scotty Mac got to go back to school today . Duncan is still recovering . Christian , with her need to always be different , has some completely new ailment . 
And the count down continues ... 
Christian and I are watching Scooby Doo in my bed . She's feeling ' muuuch better now . ' Thanks for all the thoughts and prayers . <3 
I took a two hour nap and now look at me ... up at whateverthehelltimeitis . lol Mental note ... getting a sunburn is bad . Getting a sunburn on the one spot you forgot to put sunscreen on is hilarious . 
Well we had a sick little one the past few days and now another one is sick with very high fevers and many , many trips to the bathroom . Welcome to the public school system , huh ? Please keep us in your prayers . <3 
Anyway ! We're here . We're not in the house because we got to town 10 minutes too late to get the key . lol Just as well . The thought of driving 14 hours and then unloading a truck was just appealing . 
Colin just got his Georgia license too ! A Florida and a Georgia license in one day !! LOVE YOU BABY ! 
Merry Christmas ! 
Krystal > White Castle = " He Says , She Says " coffee cup throwing scene . We'll just have to agree to disagree on this point . And yes , I am just kidding about the coffee cup scene . Much too heavy . Empty soda bottle gets better air time . 
Count down to coastal living is 14 days & counting . We all had physcials today & our prescriptions renewed . The dogs even got their shots & then an doggie ER visit because poor Harley had a reaction . She's now on doggie prednisone . 
" Happiness is different from pleasure . Happiness has something to do with struggling and enduring and accomplishing . " 
– George Sheehan 
The kids brought two boxes down from storage . They said , " Mom's ducks " and " Dad's cars . " Yeah , that's how we roll . 
Ugh . So tired but we're done with gathering all the things we needed for Colin to apply for his Nurse's licenses . Found out Christian needs a ' second ' Chicken Pox shot and it costs to transfer Illinois shot records to Georgia shot records . The truck is having some issues and will have to be taken to the shop in the morning . If it's not one thing it's another but at least we have each other . * G * 
You and I wake up in jail together . What would you say to me ? ( NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status . Fair is fair ) 
What a lazy Sunday it is ... other than washing , drying and folding clothes ... but other than that ... What a lazy Sunday it is . 
backslash pvp 
I caught the stomach flu . It put me on my butt for 24 hours but the worst of it is over . Ashley got it around midnight and within two hours had dehydrated and went into shock . Colin saved Ashley's life . I'll have to write a note about it later . Ambulance came and we had a 70 mph trip to ER . They forced two bags of fluids into her and gave her something for nausea . She's better now . 
" The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within . " 
– Mahatma Gandhi 
We're all doing the happy dance after waffles . :) 
Christian is really sick . Can't find anything she'll drink or eat . Please keep Skeeter in your thoughts . 
Still unpacking & trying to clean as we go . It's hard to resist driving to the coast every single time we leave the house . Colin is already naming off places he's going to take me on dates . We should have moved years ago . lol 
We've had some car trouble the last couple of days and the mechanic isn't quite sure what is going on . The good side of this ? We actually found a new mechanic . 40 years in the business and he tells us like it is . Don't you just love those silver linings ? 
" You have no power over me . " Sarah , Labyrinth 
74 and sunny ! It's nice to be able to open the house up after all the sick . 
I'm kind of liking this getting up early thing . I've gotten most of the laundry done & have planned this weeks meals . Now if I could just get a warm bath in the next hour and some before bed writing done I'll feel like eating a candy cigarette . 
We're still doing lots of running around . Colin is applying for a Georgia and a Florida Nursing license . Both require different things but they all charge fees . Also getting the kids into school . Because I homeschooled them for a year , they have to be tested . 
Making a huge brunch for the family . <3 
I'm over my sore throat and overall blah feeling . Yay ! The kids are home from school all week ! Yay² We played WoW yesterday as a family and got the Thanksgiving & Cataclysm quests done . > Yay² 
Oh I don't remember the beach being so tiring . Actually , I remember crying when it was time to go and falling asleep on the way home with the AC blowing on me . Yeah , I guess it's always been tiring . Grown ups just don't get to fall asleep on the way home . 
Colin's turn to be sick ... 
" When I do good , I feel good . When I do bad , I feel bad . And that is my religion . " 
– Abraham Lincoln 
I hadn't realized how much of myself I had lost in the past couple of years . I stopped painting & writing . I stopped producing videos about child abuse & responding to the emails produced from those videos . I was completely in survival mode all over again but this time with a different family & I was an adult . 
Woo Hoo ! Christian is able to keep fluids & crackers down finally ! 
I really missed the vociferous coastal storms . 
Marvel asks , " What is your favorite ' What if ? " My answer was : ' What if Wolverine was Lord of the Vampires . ' 
" You gain strength , courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face . " 
– Eleanor Roosevelt 
Everyone is up and smiling ! 
We wanted to celebrate today so we ordered Calzones and Pizza from 5 Star Pizza . YUM !! It was the best pizza ever ! 
Mom's cold seems to be settling for the winter . She's at the docs . 
I was hoping that this ailment would not mess with us adults but mom is now under the weather . We spent all day running to get documents to get our GA tags but found out ( once there of course ) that we needed our GA DL first . So , at least we got that done today . Lady at DMV told Colin , " Now ya'll a Georgia Peach ! " 
I had a dream about my oldest friend of 22 years last night . It was a bittersweet dream and one I think I can turn into a story . I also dreamed I was needed for a sacrifice . Two very different dreams . lol 
Christian received her award today and I was not a bundle of nerves . It was so great to see her little face light up when I walked into the room . I asked , " Did you think I was going to chicken out ? " She just hugged me and said , " Nope ! I knew you'd make it . " 
I wonder where the heck I packed all the winter clothes . We are going to have to turn on the heat ! 
I'm off to bed . Now that Colin is working & the kids are in school my days start at 6:30 am . I'm happy with that though . I've did my chores , cooked dinner , wrote 8000 words and had a latin lesson today . :) 
Ok , I'm done with IE . I'm sick of having to fix this or download this every single time they have updates . 
Driving down 95 today and saw a huge billboard that said , " Who is John Galt ? " I think it's time I read some Ayn Rand . 
I did not know it would feel like this . I did not know you could cry and not make it stop . I did not know there wouldn't be ' another time to visit ' . I did not know how much I loved that woman with all her sass , style and southern charm . I did not know there would ever come a day when I couldn't ask to borrow your shoes . 
Uh oh . Sore throat . 
Christian's birthday request was a weenie roast , s'mores , cupcakes & ice cream . We spent about 5 hours outside . The kids were either on the swings or laying around on the blanket . Adults sat by the firepit & talked . Even the dogs are sighing contently . ;) 
" Pain is a part of being alive , and we need to learn that . Pain does not last forever , nor is it necessarily unbeatable , and we need to be taught that . " - Harold Kushner 
Grandma passed ... 
Even Trick or Treating down here was a nicer experience . Everyone we passed was was carrying their iced tea or beer in a cup and asked how we were doing . We were able to keep up with the football scores house to house . I can't wait until I shuck the cynicism I attained by leaving my southern roots for 12 years . 
Salve ! I am off for a bit to make Cheesy Broccoli Soup ( or as the kids call it , Cheesy Tree Soup ) . I spent a little too long on Latin today but it would be nice to string all the words I know into some sort of phrase that makes sense . Vale . 
For the first time in my life , I really just don't know what to say . I may have to resort to public journal writing again to encompass all that I am feeling . 
“I have found that a friend may profess , yet deceive . ”- Lord Byron 
Christian brings a sealed envelope home . Inside it says : " Dear Parent , Christian has been nominated for a CMS Cougar Award based upon her exemplary character . " Yay !! 
Apparently , when this patch goes through , Azeroth will be changed . I thought it wouldn't change until you bought the game . lol 
Mom came home last night . Grandma is feeling better . Still waiting on a morning update . I talked with my oldest friend last night . We've been friends for almost 22 years . I did not speak in Latin last night but I dreamed it . lol 
I'm thinking about my Papa and his brother today ; both served in WW II . Papa got to come home but was haunted forever by what he endured . His brother died as a POW in the Philippines . As I search my family tree I am finding more and more veterans who helped to keep us free . Thanks to them and to all veterans . 
Grandma took a turn for the worse . The doctors say she has to be on life support right now but she had said she didn't want to be on life support . Everyone is tore up about what to do . 
I'm having a slightly frustrating day . 
Behind schedule . Reminder to self : call Duncan's school , finish paperwork & return to Scott's school , call about job , finish personal projects . 
In a cycle of insomnia/nightmares/flashbacks again . It's funny though ( funny in an interesting way , not a ' ha ha ' way ) . Living back in the south is like sugar - it makes everything more tolerable . 
Grandma says no to any machines . She'll stay in ICU until Monday and then go home to Hospice care . She's missed Grandpa for too long . She's now dining on Fried Chicken , a Blizzard and coffee . She always had style . 
Waiting for Colin to get home so I get a photo of the kids in a scenic spot . 
Every day this month until Thanksgiving , think of one thing that you are Thankful for & post it as your status . " Today I am Thankful for ... " The longer you do it , the harder it gets ! Now ... if you think you can do it , repost this message as your status to invite others to take the challenge , then post what YOU are thankful for today . 
Christian has " Wacky Hair Day " tomorrow so I'm trying to come up with an unique design that will last through P.E. and possibly win her a prize . Photos tomorrow if I remember . It'll be 6 in the morning so I won't be all together coherent which might work out just fine in this case . 
My , my . My mind is wide awake but my body doth protest loudly that it has not been getting its normal allotted amount of sleep . At this very moment my eyes are trying to figure out which side to take in this argument . 
I am so happy here . 
If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy , if a blade of grass springing up in the fields has power to move you , if the simple things of nature have a message that you understand , rejoice , for your soul is alive . ~ Eleonora Duse 
I was up and at ' em at 6:30 to get the kids off to school . Handled a crisis then moved to doing laundry . I just realized that I missed the first day of National Novel Writing Month . In contrast , I had planned to go back to bed after getting the kids off to school , pilfer Colin's side of the bed and wallow in his scent for a while . 
I just had one of those moments where I was reminded of a very happy memory in my childhood . I went right back , like in a time machine , and was giddy to the point of tears . 
squee ! 
My grandmother recognized me and kept saying how pretty I was . It was a priceless moment that I will cherish forever . 
Gratias ago vos carus Sarcalogos ! 
Fried eggs , cheese grits , sausage , english muffins , milk , juice and coffee . Today my kitchen transformed me to the days when I anxiously awaited grandma to hand me my plate . 
I'm thinking I should make some pumpkin bread just before the kids get home from school so they smell it as soon as they walk in the door . :) 
Ugh . I spoke too soon . I have a fever . No wonder I've been so ' blah ' today . 
On WoW : Last year I got a pet for my year service . This year I get an accomplishment . I feel like Clark Griswald and his Jelly of the Month Club bonus . Boo Blizzard . 
Hubby is at work even though he's still sick . I hope his day is easy . 
lol We apparently traded tornado warnings ( in Illinois ) for smoke alerts ; there is a forest fire to our west and the smoke is mixing with the fog from the ocean . Eery ! 
Video games ruined my life ... good thing I have two lives left . :P ( saw this on random geek site ) 
As I stand in front of my fridge which is full of stuff to make Christmas Eve & Christmas dinner I realize ... we're going to need a bigger refrigerator . 
I had nightmares all night . I'm guessing I haven't handled the past couple of weeks as well as I had thought . 
The kids are very excited about WoW : Cat . 
Venite adoremus , Dominum ! 
Well , it's official folks . My Ashley Teel is 18 today ! Happy Birthday Boogie Butt ! 
We drove mom two hours , one way , to visit relatives and no one showed up . She brought them gifts of fudge that she spent days making . I feel bad for her . 
I woke up to discover the diamond from my wedding set is gone . Colin has always wanted to replace it and I've said no because I wanted the original . I guess it'll have to be replaced now . :( 
Thank you Publix for free antibiotics . We are your customers for life . That said , poor hubby just isn't himself . 
... the first time ever I did not buy a WoW expansion at midnight ... 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . There should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of childhood memories . This is dedicated to those who have suffered child abuse . 
Ugh . We cannot get insurance quick enough . My mouth is starting to bug the heck out of me . I can't even figure out which tooth it is . 
