The g last night was bloody amazing . met this amazing italian woman haha savage . gonna be there all the from now on haha 
going to college next year woo my year out only turned into three years in the end not to shabby hahahaha !!! limerick pride this weekend woo 
earthworm jim is brillant :) 
having the happiest two weeks of my life :) 
its been snowing ..... Whee christmas time !!!! 
i did the macerena with a monster at the dinner table because i can 
newton faulkner mar 1st cant wait ... best valentines present ever . i love you huni ;D 
okay this is pretty difficult ..... everything is upside down .... fell like ive lost my mind haha 
lemmings one of the most addictive games ever ... who agrees with me :D 
I LOVE DUBSTEP x whomp whomp x 
flapy flap flap 
opps being half asleep and on facebook leaving comments in the wrong place :( 
because it gives you more time to share all your knowledge with her hehehe kids need days off it can become taxing trust me :P 
i miss my visnia :( cant wait for monday 
elephant tranquiliser ...... friend or foe ????? 
crazy night last night ... still havent slept hehe :D brilliant session 
i demand to have pheobe .... you better protect her for me ally ;D 
my fine is ..... € 645.10 
back in abbeyfeale again ... i want a puppy they are adoreable :) 
everything is starting to look up woohoo 
why does my tummy feel weird :( 
wants to have another bbq .... sigh 
doesnt know if im sleepy or not ...... bad paper !!! 
the dreads are now gone from her head :( 
micronite tonight :D gonna be absolutely incredible .... go on eggy and sox :D 
needs to find work .... or just a big pile of cash ..... yeah i think that could definiitly work 
aches and pains every where :( and i've so much to do 
i love the cure :D 
kazam 
cant wait to get my gorgeous baby from abbeyfeale :D back together soon x x x 
ive moved back home offically and im already starting to lose my mind ... it hasnt even been 24hrs yet ... gulp . doing nothing at home is so much more less enjoyable ... sigh 
is waitin for ally to get back wheeee :D 
to become an au pair or not .... hmmmmm 
whee gonna wobble my birthday away tonight :D 
grrr left my phone in dublin .... its ao annoying not having it :( 
Is having the Most uncomfortable bus journey of my life right now :-( 
all the wobble i needed haha brilliant night :D 22 is great 
my dog is finally living with me :D 
teaching jack bass ... oh yeah coolest brother ever !!!! 
shouldnt forget to log out on andres laptop :) 
lucky he is sooo awesome and nice 
micronite is gonna be amazing :) great birthday for sarah :D 
best night out in ages last night :D definitely worth €20 :P f**king love haloween 
does anybody want a lab puppy shes adorable would love to keep her but with two labs already we cant keep her :( 
merry christmas x x x x hope its a great day for everyone :D 
