Been so tired lately .... I need a vaca so so so so bad ughh 
hey world hope all is well and spread da love .... im so tired I think im outty 
wats da price sumone pays 4 being a " blonde " 4 da day ? 
Never 4get about the people who even when disappointed you made n still make you happy . My unspoken promise ill be dat friend anyone can have 4ever ...... 
Sum ppl jus dont get wen uve had enuff uve had enuff nothin else 2 do otha den 2 say ..... " NEXT " 
even without the ppl u wanted 2 be der iz obvious it wasn't meant 4 em 2 be around long ... ur show must go on n so shud u 
Hope ur happy I finally got one XP 
Something is seriously wrong if u sleep well over 8hrs and r still tired .... if daz not da saddest thing to hear and experience lol .... last day of wrk b4 being off God get me thru it jus one more day 
OMG ... I havent wrote anything in so long and expressing dat brought tears 2 my eyes . Wen u realize how u feel at da end of da day knowin wat u went thru and the fact dat ur still happy says alot 
http://comedians.jokes.com/carlos-mencia/videos/carlos-mencia---special-treatment 
time 4 nite nite ... gosh im tired 
Why do I still care ? Guess cause I want 2 n daz da promise I made , hope ur happy 
O wow didn't wrk today n pplz jus crazy .... U evr jus wanna b alone sumtimes lol 
Cudnt sleep lastnite and got up and jus drove until I stopped somewhere . Iz not home but was a way 2 get away , kinda feel refreshed but da real world awaits when iz time 2 leave :( bummer 
wow who knew head-aches cud feel lyk dis but my granny was right atleast I dont hav no scars .... but I wana express dis da law is jacked up(anyone kno where I can go 2 get a new ride ? ) 
God knows I hate 2 b ill ..... wen im ill im rly ill . A sista needs company(HELP !!!!! ) 
Well iz Mon n im feelin da best i can b . Do dey giv u a badge or sumthin 4 being handicapped lol jk but atleast i rly kno how it feel . Docs ' here I come , Lord plz watch ova me lol . 
why pplz keep pokin me ... daz not nice 
my baby all grown up her last prom imz 2 proud ... sniff sniff aww n yes she was fiy 
not that I was writing a amazing short story and now its losted ... im so mad at you FB ur a huge disappointment right now 
just read an interestin article on a topic about men and I jus wana ask myself . Why do men put n much efforts to pursue a women his has no intentions on having a relationship wit ? Seems lyk a waste of his time n ours 
I have 2 admite im not da craziest person ik but im n da top 3 . Go figure I wonder wat adventures have led up 2 dis conclusion or was it my inner me all along telling me so lol 
" whoever said look on the brighter side 
has never been on mine 
whoever said that he'll get his 
never felt like this 
ain't no use in crying when you're done like that 
cause baby baby you took something 
that I cant buy back " 
To my mom , grandmotha n aunts yall all hav played sum type of motherly roll in my life and regardless of da differences in opinions I wouldn't want my inner me 2 b any otha way . I honestly think my mind n heart wouldn't b as strong and at da end of da day we all laugh and daz wat I love . HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY 2 u and all mothers today . 
When I see you smile and know that it is not for me , that is when I will miss you the most . 
~ Unknown ~ 
