Wow , we just lost the championship to Canisus by basically one pin ... FML . 
I love it how defragmenting your computer , which is supposed to speed it up , takes 13 hours to do . 
I should probably study for that APUSH test ... 
Hey look ... Christmas break for about 34 minutes and I'm alredy bored as hell . 
I see a little silhouetto of a man ... 
I could really use a shopping cart right about now ... 
Wow , school's like almost half over already ... 
Ima go Michael Jackson that rail , be right back ... 
" Stuck in between the shadows of my yesterday , I need to get away , I'm hanging by a thread . Yeah , I've got my back against the wall ... " 
Put the you know what , in the you know where , pronto ... 
Don't talk , don't say a thing ... Cause your eyes they tell me more , than your words ... 
Yeah , about that APUSH test ... 
I don't know you , But I know what you did to her . She told me , and I happen to believe her too ... 
KB Tonight , if I can find a ride ... 
Two words ... " C " Rail . 
Weather's gonna be awful tomorrow , Snow day anyone ? 
Dude ... I like don't even know where I am right now ... Oh , and Modern Warfare 2 . 
Alright , 97.21 second quarter average . I'll take it . 
Why does the Frannies AP chemistry course have to be so freakin hard ? 
Molarity , molality , mole fractions , mole conversions , molar mass , moles in general , percent by mole , mole rats ... Did I miss any ? Damn AP Chem . 
Snowboarding was nuts last night . Acres of packed pow pow and some sick jump lines . Don't forget that c-rail , oh , and whatever the heck that blue barrel thing is called , I don't even know . 
My own two hands will comfort you tonight , and my own two arms will carry you tonight , tonight ... 
Alright , bowling at 1 , that's about it . 
Does Abbot Bowling Center even have a website ? 
Alright , 10 page paper for uncle hermie ! What a joke , haha . 
BS FS BS ... oh , and a little FS 180 Method on the side . 
Gotta love them back 180's ... 
KB tonight , anybody feeling it ? ( Yeah , I need to mooch a ride ... ) 
Lol , Wolf moon . It's the first full moon of the year . 
Love it , 11 hours after a fall and my back starts hurting now ... 
Just bought a new snowboard , dirt cheap ... 
One night in jail it was getting late , He was butt-raped by a large inmate . And he screamed ... but the guards paid no attention to his cries . That's when things got out of control , The moral of the date rape story , is that it does not pay to be drunk and horny . 
Super tired , but it happens . Meeting that I don't want to go to tonight , and then just video games . Do I do anything else ? " Walks off wondering ... " 
Kissing Bridge was nuts ( As usual ) . Did like a front flip thingy over some tires and wrecked my ass . Yeah ... 
Home , just bowled the best set of my life . 221 , 234 , 236 . 591 set , eh , last game sucked , but we won the tourney . 
Go ... where you want to , where you want to . Go ... where you want to , take me there with you ... 
Bored as hell , just playing guitar ... 
As the leaves and the trees , the oceans celebrate you and me . We will live to see many days , and we will dream , we'll dream ... We go together , I promise forever , Everyday together , I live with you ... 
Duuuude ... Bowling tomorrow , then KB on Friday . Weeeeeeeeeeee . Okay , I'm done now . 
Tired ... Being sick sucks . 
Burning the ground , I break from the crowd , I'm on the hunt I'm after you ... I smell like I sound , I'm lost and I'm found , and I'm hungry like the wolf ... 
Pepsi junior bowling league " C division " 3nd half champs . Wow , what a joke . Roll offs next week . I'm almost filled with excitement and joy . 
Computers are awful . 
I need social interaction , but I'm too lazy to seek it out . Time to go make a sandwich . 
I hate my life . 
Bowled a 208 today . Alright , we're gettin ' there ... 
Grenades 
I need to golf more . 
" Let's all bounce a square ball , against a round wall ... " 
EVERYONE . How do you like your steak cooked ? 
This game sucks , I'm taking it back to Gamestop . 
i'm on danny's facebook ! 
So forget this cruel world 

Where I belong 
I'll just sit and wait 
And sing my song . 
And if one day you should see me in the crowd 
Lend a hand and lift me 
To your place in the cloud . 
Just got my Eagle Scout Award approved . Love my life , and it only took 3.5 years to finish ! 
Mnuuuu ... Okay , done now . Need narcolepsy to kick in . 
God , I feel like all I do is write papers ... 
I hate you , please die . 
... woof . 
Just watched Fantastic Mr. Fox . Great movie , but I guess I'm a little bit biased towards it ... 
I guess the bills are too cool to draft Colt McCoy . DT's are cool too I guess ... 
I'm happy but scared . I'm excited but stressed . I'm ready but unsure . I'm infatuated but reluctant . I don't know if I should be in a good mood , or a bad one ... 
Tacos , subway , bowling , guitar , awful , monster , more awful , I hate my life , the Offspring , internet sucks , paranoia , let's watch a movie . 
Good hockey ... 
Won the bowling championship game today . Rolled a 234 3rd game . Feeling pretty good . 
She wakes up , Rage and grace . Pulling me closer , Pushing away ... And me the sharpest thorn on Your vine , Twisting and turning were all Intertwined . Broken wing , Empty glass . Words that scream and bounce Right back ... She says , " You know , we'd all like to rearrange " 
Funday Pawpet Show ? 
Visited RIT today . Liked it , but it rained and stuff . 
God , I think we're better on the PK than the powerplay right now ... 
" I am the one , your help I’ve refused , Your offering hand just set off the fuse , I am the rock that pushes away , I gave up tomorrow to spite today ... Too proud to beg , Too stubborn to try , I’d look in your face , And spit in your eye , But I’m willing to find what’s really inside , And show I am strong enough to trust in you ... " 
What the murr ? 
Went to Penn State today . Wasn't impressed ... 
Tyler Ennis , thanks for being fast . 
I just made a promise that I know I can't keep , but I'm sure as hell gonna try ... 
" Nuzzles your chestfur " 
Guess who isn't getting black ops ? 
Rock climbing was awesome last night , but I don't plan on feeling my hands or my arms for like the next month or so ... 
So that's reassuring . There was a double shoting on my street . 
I didn't know that it was possible , but I think I've fallen ever deeper in love ... 
People are stupid ... 
Weee , just earned my Eagle Scout Rank , Thank God ... 
Nice game Miller 
Sleep now , in the fire ... 
" Furries are an internet subculture , who are fans of anthropomorphic animal characters , and they bring them to life in any way they can , in costumes , illistration , roleplay , and animation ... " 
Got a new baseball bat today , ended up beasting the ball in practice . I hit three that would have been over the fence , assuming there was a fence ... 
I'm goin ' to philmont , yeah ! 
So how many empty nets can you miss in one powerplay ? 
And tonight's role call is brought to you by , LUUUUBBBE . 
I don't know what to think anymore ... I'm lost in life and I love it . 
For anyone still up writing their paper , its a pretty nice full moon out tonight ... 
Ubuntu is stupid . Actually , it's great . Computers that are too old to use boot disks are stupid . 
Best sandwich ever . Grilled buffalo chavetta's chicken and cheese . 
I need help but I don't know how to ask . It's hard to fix what doesn't seem broken . 
Oww . My ass hurts . 
" I could be wrong , but I think we're dramatically leading up to something ... " 
- Ezra 
I need some mental stability and soundness . Anyone got some to spare ? Or has the world itself just gone crazy ... 
Anyone know how to make a decision where you have to do something , but are given no options , not even one ? 
Blah blah blah blah blah ... 
I hate my life ... kind of . 
. 
????????????? 
????????????? 
????????????? 
???????????? 
SAT's are stupid . I'm pissed and I got a 1330 on it . 
Say it ain't so , Your drug is a heartbreaker ... 
Say it ain't so , My love is a lifetaker ... 
Soooo ..... I hate furries . 
Finished with my computer programming project . Lol , what a joke . 
is pissed off to all hell . 
Homeroom 301 . Anyone else ? 
I don't even like you ... 
Arrggg ... I hate idiots and ignorants . That's all I have to say . 
All that I am , All that I ever was , Is here in your perfect eyes , They're 
all I can see ... 
I don't know where , Confused about how as well , Just 
know that these things , Will never change for us at all ... 
Gah ... 
Duuuuudddeee ... I don't even know what's going on ... 
Got a 3 on AP Chem and a 4 on APUSH . Okay then ... 
I love thesis papers . 
I'm freakin out man ... 
Measuring a summer's day 
I only finds it slips away to grey 
The hours they bring me pain . 
Tangerine , Tangerine ... 
Living reflection from a dream ; 
I was her love she was my queen 
And now a thousand years between . 
I love 32 page websites ! 
Let's all write 20 page happy papers ! 
Home from Philmont now . 
Woof . 
Thanksgiving break and I have ... Herrmann Homework ??? 
Love being awake a 4:15 in the morning ... 
Lol-lime . Get it ? cause he's a joke ? 
I hate this goddamn season ... 
Alright , one AP Bio chapter down , six more to go ... 
Frustrated . 
Lol , just watched Scot Pilgrim Vs . The World . Hilarious movie ... 
Bored already , and it's only 6:30 A . M ... 
" When there's no where else to run , is there room for one more son ... " 
Snowboarding setup and stuff . Gonna be siiiiick ... 
Is ready to freak out . I just have no idea what direction to take myself in , because I have no idea how bad , or what , my situation really is ... 
MOUNTAINS !!! 
So that field goal didn't actually happen . The refs just made up a rule , not even joking . 
Peaches come from a can , they were put there by a man , In a factory downtown ... 
If I had my little way , I'd eat peaches everyday , Sun soakin bulges in the shade ... 
It snowed ... There's gotta be enough for a solid base ... Boarding at biggs's , yeah !!! 
Indie Rock ? What ?... 
Nothing like the taste of sulfur water and lemon-lime Gatorade in the morning . 
Lights will guide you home , 
And ignite your bones , 
And I will try , to fix you ... 
Programming sucks . 
Watching T.V. and laughing my freaking tail off . I need sleep ... 
Ahhh , the wonderful world of NFL referees . Making up rules again this week I see ? Another job well done . 
I fail at 600 sets . 
Has a huge decision to make . 
Computer programming class , lol ... 
Yiff ? 
Yeah ... I heart Friday nights with zero to do . 
Woohoo ! Jack nothing for Christmas , the usual . Nbd , I'ma just play Black Ops . 
Murr ... 
Is now hopeless ... 
I'm a wolf . 
" Take a look at the boy like me 
Never stood on my own two feet 
Now I'm blue , as I can be 
Oh , love couldn't get me down . 
Singing , sucking too hard on your lollipop 
Or love's gonna get you down . " 
Ow , hurt my hand . New ball + 6 game tournament = pain . 
Wolves ... 
Cause Sasquatch is my daddy and he's going to protect ... ME !!! 
Omg , Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim comes out on 11/11/11 . I don't wanna wait that long ... 
Computer programming homework ? 
I'm done with Boy Scouts . Wow ... 
Could absolutely mentally freak out at any moment now . 
Interview time . 
" So sure she was like a brother ' til you dropped another 
So sure you kept it under covers , until you knew you loved her ... 
Now you can't think straight , because you're not straight 
In the back of her mother's car , in the back of her mother's car 
No secret's too safe , and how you just can't stay 
Higher than the stars ... " 
I give up . This gets more confusing every day ... 
Bowling today , cause that's all I do with my life . 
That was the worst experience of my life ... 
" Let's start a punk rock band !!! " 
