4 am ... waffles 
sick 
got the job ! 
Graduation 2day !! 
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas , and a Happy New Year ! 
got the tree up- looks pretty good !! 
nada 
tired of the flu ! 
I loved an ipod riding a motorcycle because I'm sexy and I do what I want ! 
10 inches !! 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste if you agree . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone , who is a Wanker !. Wankers affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for these arseholes !!! But we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
Hot and Steamy ! 
go to urbandictionary.com,type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
. 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ... pass this along if you agree 
Ok I admit I'm a Bitch :) Unfortunately 97% of FaceBook woman users wont re-post this . " I make mistakes , I'm out of control and @ times hard to handle , but if you can't handle me @ my worst then you sure as hell dont deserve me @ my Best !! If you are a Bitch then post this on your status ! I DARE YOU !! 
RIP Sonny wonny woo- awesome cat ! 
thanx for the b-day wishes ! lastnight was fun ! 
Gramma B- rest in peace . 
I would like my FB friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . BUT I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right ! 
thanx 4 all the b-day wishes !!!! xoxo 
If your MOM is a hard-working WOMAN , your HERO , helped you no matter how bad you were , or is just the BEST MOM EVER . If you are blessed to still have your MOM or if she is an ANGEL in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your MOM , and that you LOVE HER DEARLY . You can replace a lot of people in your life ... but you only get one Mom 
Pineapple 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN . 
( 1 ) FINE-this is the word women use to end an argugument when they know they are RIGHT&YOU need to SHUT UP . ( 2 ) NOTHING -means SOMETHING & u need to be WORRIED ( 3 ) GO AHEAD- this is a dare not permission DO NOT DO IT . ( 4 ) WHATEVER- is a womans way of saying F**K YOU . ( 5 ) THATS OK- she is thinking long & hard on HOW & WHEN you will pay for your mistake . if you agree repost 
A good mother thinks about her children day and night , even when they are grown . A good mother loves her children in a way that they will never understand . A mom will be there for her children when no one else will . A mom would take a bullet , stand in front of a train , and ask God to take her instead of her child . If you have a child/children that you love as much as I love mine , post this 
i loved an ipod riding a motorcycle cause the voices told me to ! 
is celebrating Aiden's 6th birthday . My little man is growing up too fast for me . 
FREEDOM !! 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All i have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which i'll never part . God has you in his arms .. I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven . 
Aiden has had a good birthday , mommy still can't believe he is 5 !! 
God saw you getting tired & a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you & whispered " Come with me " . With tearful eyes we watched & saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly , we could not make you stay . A golden heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us , he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this Christmas .? 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness ...... now 
is cleaning house ! 
finally ... the sun !!! 
My feet and my tongue hurt ... I'm tired of walking on eggshells and biting my tongue . 
once you made the decision to end our friendship , you also ended the right to know what goes on in my life . So quit asking people , it's no longer your concern . 
180 degree skid with the volvo ! 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice - People who are gay are not looking for a cure , they are looking for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . Promote Love & Acceptance ! NOT hate ? 
This week , we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried 
but never met , or those we have held but could not take home or the 
ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if 
you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The .. majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a ... taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all the little angels ? 
internet is back !! 
Wishes heaven had a phone , so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday & days before that , too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories & a picture in a frame . ? ? A part of me went with you Dad . One day we will be together again ,.. Repost this if you have someone in heaven that you miss on earth ? 
BEAUTIFUL daughters week . If you have a beautiful daughter/daughters that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime ! I have been blessed with a beautiful daughter .... 
*¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
Happy New Year all ! Be safe , but have fun fun fun !! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% of people won't re-post this . They need a punch in the face too .. :) 
A Canadian soldier is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family , while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for our freedom . Re-post this if , you are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops ! ? 
*•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? •* ¨ *•¸¸¸.•* ¨*• ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk u , freak out on u , lecture u , drive u crazy , be ur worst nightmare , embarrass u in front of ur friends , hunt u down like a bloodhound , one time or another in ur lives because .... I LOVE YOU !!!!! When u understand that , I will then know u are responsible adults . You will never EVER find someone who loves , cares and worries about you more than your Mom ! ? REPOST IF YOU ARE A MOM :) 
Sanity is entirely based on perspective ... 
I've carried a child within my body . I've slept with babies on my chest . I have kissed boo boos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , spent sleepless nights in a rocking chair . But i wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror ... I see a mom , and there is no greater ... honor or blessing . Make this your status if you're proud to be a mom !!! 
sprite ... 
flu ... 
Sweet girls come from the south , Barbies come from CA , but Canadian girls have fire and ice in our blood . We can drive in snow and mud , handle the cold , beat the heat , be a princess , throw a right hook and drink with the boys ! We can cook a wicked good meal and if we have an opinion ... You bet your ass your gonna hear it !!! Re-post this if your an Canadian GIRL !! 
