sliced my index finger open on my E string . Now I can't play an F chord :( 
had my first guitar lesson today . This will be a lot of fun :) 
did enjoy driving home without pants . Especailly when Micah and I hung them out the window and shouted ... 
will do something wild and crazy for attention if people will comment :P 
is excited for my guitar lesson tomorrow 
Yay ! Its my birthday ! 
I'm just killing time before my next class . Oh ... so bored .... 
is hoping to spend the next 24 hours listeing to rock and roll . 
is thinking Facebook is cool . Its like taking a morbid peep into other people's lives . Like a peeping tom that won't get busted if caught ... 
did enjoy driving hope without pants . Especailly when Micah and I hung them out the window and shouted ... 
has a nasty cold . It sucks 
feels like all the crap I'm required to learn is pointless , and that I would be better off someplace else , doing something else 
got an invite to Phi Theta Kappa- the honor society . sweet 
has to read long short story that keeps literally putting me to sleep each time I try to read it for a test on Friday . 
Is bored with school and it hasn't even started yet ! 
I can't wait for my 3 day weekend 
is having homemade vanilla ice cream with blueberries for dinner ! 
went walking in the moonlight . It is so bright and beautiful out tonight ! 
It smells like a permanent marker at this computer 
fell in the rain and is in pain right now , ow . 
I just got a card with free smartees from a person from the tutoring center . Yay ! Smartees ! 
is bored and tired of waiting for something weird to happen . Guess I'll have to make some weirdness of my own .... 
It's only the second week of school and I've already skipped 3 classes . Ugh , I'm already tired of it . 
enjoyed the blues concert at kirkwood this weekend . Billy Davis is one hell of a sax player . Never seen a better one . 
is bored and hyper because of coffee 
is going to join phi theta kappa . yay .... 
had a very cool dream this morning . 
has very bad shin splints from trying to walk my big , fat , excitable dog 
is pissed . Damned power outage ! My lessons have been cancelled again ! Its the only class I like . 
is currently learning the sax part on Bad to the Bone by ear . I'm almost there , but the solo is kind of tricky :) 
its fun to fart in elevators :P 
is very excited for my guitar lesson tomorrow ! Yay ! 
has been having very bad luck lately 
is so short on sleep . Nobody had better piss me off , I mean it . I will tear them a new asshole ! 
will hopefully get to paint today ! 
Why did I have to get up today ? 
Yay ! I have 100 friends on facebook now ! 
I hate , hate HATE my stupid car ! 
Santa must be senile ... because I've been bad every year ! 
feels like listening to music all day 
I'm tired of school . Lets get finals over with ! 
I love finding great cds for 5 bucks ! 
Yay ! I got tickets to see ACDC in Des Moines ! 
its too cold 
Ahh man , I broke my g-string ! 
Now I broke a G and an A . What a great week I've been having 
spen 45 minutes of science class tracing wierd shapes made by the lines in my hand . High Five anyone ? 
Thing of what I should paint for my honors project . I only have 3 days to decide ... the agony ! 
now I'm sad , rest in peace sweet little baby ... 
My friend is engaged and I get to help plan her bachelorette party , heh heh heh .... I'd welcome any suggestions . The wilder the better :) 
I've been listening to really old blues songs all night ! Think today's music is dirty ? Look up Lucille Bogan's ' Shave em Dry'- filthiest song I've ever heard ! :) 
is ready to go to a jam . Hopefully other people will show up too ... 
I have two days off in a row ! I feel like making some mayhem ! 
does not abbreviate ! 
I hate pop music 
Blaugh ! 
Yay ! I found two new albums to listen to ! 
Babysitting my cousins ... they both fell asleep ... yay 
wants to beat on my car 
I feel like making some mischeif ! 
is writing this sentance 
Bad Dy . I overslept , missed a class , missed my test , and lost a 20 out of my pocket . Maybe I shouldn't leave home again today . 
came up with some good sounding music the other day ... 
Roadtrip .... ACDC !.... yelling loud as possible to annoy a lady .... shouting ' Hail Satan ' at a bible thumper .... and an afternoon by myself to break in some new strings ... What a great weekend ! 
Woo hoo ! 2 1/3 octaves and I his my highest and lowest note ever in lessons ! Yeah ! 
I'm sick of people bitching about Obama . Don't hate him because he's half black , hate him becasue underneath it all he's a politician . 
Rasti the dope man .. la la la la la ... 
Tonight I saw Justin play at Urbana Sweet Corn Days , Micah got hit on by some drunk guy , and a drunk guy sniffed my hair . What do you even say in a situation like that ? 
AHHHHHHHHHH ! Rock and roll tonight ! ACDC rules ! 
Ha ! I got a 100% on my test that took three minutes . Was that easy or what ? 
Fear ME ! 
Has a feeling that today will be very boring 
Feelin ' goofy :P 
What a wonderful day , I wrote several dirty haikus ! How's this- 

Oh , my aching ass 
there are some things one can't pass 
God , I hope its gas 
Great , huh ? It's the funniest one of all ! 
It figures ! All my life I have jumped of tons of things- swings , bikes , porches , cars , stairs , decks , balconies , etc ... And I hurt myself while sitting in a chair ! 
I'm glad I have today off . My hands have been hurting from working lately . 
Nothing to report 
Uggh 
Yay ! Music ! 
found six dollars on the ground the other day :) 
The telephone has to be the most annoying invention in the history of man kind , right after the musical ringtone . 
When mixing drinks with rum , the size of your proportions matters a lot ! 
Yay , I have an electric guitar ! 
was here only in body . The Spirit's still in bed . 
I wish the Jehovah's Witnesses would leave me alone 
Going to a songwriting workshop today ! Should be interesting . 
I'm going to spend the night listening to rock and roll 
Yay ! Finally got my harmonica ! 
is typing this sentance 
Taner's warrior helmet is great ! 
I stopped to smell the roses and all I got was a thorn in my eye . 
' Oh , won't you shave em ' dry ... ' that hilareous , nasty song is in my head :) 
could really go for some pizza right about now ... 
I wish I had a super powerful ray gun so I could melt all the snow an dplay outside with my dog 
On more day of work , then I'm going to Tennessee to see family 
I'm looking forward to going shopping with Micah at the hippie store :) 
Sweet , I finished my Marriage and Family test in 3min , and now I have two hours to goof off and listen to my ipod . 
I hate getting up before the sun 
Woo Hoo ! Day off ! 
I'm back in school today . Horray ... Great ... Oh what fun it is ... 
I came up with some cool chord progressions yesterday . Sweet ! 
Two days till my 21st Birthday , and I get three days off to celebrate ! WOo Hoo ! Booze Cruise ! :P 
Thanks everyone ! 
there was a bird in the bakery today . Funny ! 
cannot even get through one Lady Gaga song ... 
Uggh . I hate Thursdays 
I had a dream that I rode a John Deere lawnmower all the way to school in CR . Justin lived on campus and mom was visiting him . I asked her if I could get a ride home to get my car because I rode the lawnmower . She got mad , and I told her I didn't know why I did it . What do you think that means ?? 
My mom and aunt went to Gays Mills , which is by Ferryville , for some Dick's Delicious . 
Officiallly sick of Christmas Music ... 
Just killing time 
My dad came back form Vegas with one dollar ... at least he had that ... :P 
Pirate Radio is an awesome movie ! 
My brother ran into some stairs on the interstate and smashed his car up the other day . It sucks . 
can't wait to work with Micah on Staurday .... 
roses are red ... violets are blue ... sugar is sweet ... THIS BELCH IS FOR YOU !!! 
After hearing bad Christmas music all day , the Family Guy Christmas special really made me laugh ! 
How many versions of The Little Drummer Boy Do I have to listen to in a day ??? 
is glad that Christmas is over 
is excited for the unplugged club to get going 
feelin ' all frustrated 
No to Snow ! 
For some reason my profile said I went to college in 1974 . I wasn't even born then . That's weird 
So Bored ... its just another day in Iowa 
Je sens le fromage ! 
can't wait for spring break next week . Class is annoying 
wish we could boycott gasoline ... 
Wired and unable to sleep . Hello Facebook ! 
Fear the Bunny ! 
So funny ! There was a huge lightning strike , and it set off the warning sirens on accident ! 
I helped my little brother make a facebook page over the weekend , and put the most awkward and embarrassing picture for his profile . Funny ! 
I keep having weird dreams with eagles in them . That's two now 
Swimmers are slippery when dry 
is tired of being stuffed up since 2 weeks ago 
found a wheat penny at work from 1916 yesterday 
