Oh yeah , I finaly got on here to check stuff o.O 
I wanna say something stupid or funny about this , but its just to early -.- 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- If you are reading this , whether we do or do not speak often , please post a comment to this status of your first memory of me . When finished , paste this paragraph into YOUR status and see what happens . You'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
work work work work , school work that is .... 
What's on you're mind ? fluid ? bone ? scalp ? hair ? Oh , you mean what am I thinking about ? Nothing , obviously ... 
Whats you're favorite thanksgiving food ? mine is cranberry salad , using my grandmas recipe 
FACEBOOK TRICK : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU Holy crap yeah it works ..... o.O 
Is semester up yet ? 
I so wish Shannon Hall got out with the rest of the Mtn . Grove schools .... -.- 
I'll be in Oklahma til Wednesday wooh ..... I hate funerals 
I just whent through the entire failbooking photo album , my favorite ones would have to be the twilight ones haha ! 
Duz my speling anoi u ? 
so , does anyone have and Diabetic cooking tips ( specifically for powdered sugar replacement ? ) 
So I guess it's not safe for me to let my frustrations out on facebook even .... 
I just got a $10 shell gas card from McDonald's Monopoly , now then ... does anyone know where I can find a shell gas station ? :s 
Ignore the Ipad givaway thing , unless you like filling out those online offer things .... 
I just had some stripper try to friend me ..... o.O 
I'm so bored , I want to have a cook out , but mom refuses to buy even one pack of hot dogs .... -.- 
Who should we have for sports anouncer/s here in Mtn . Grove ? this is serious , someone may actualy get a job ... 
I wish I could visit all these places you Cali people talk about .... 
I wonder what would happen if you put Monk and House together .... >.> 
I have my job back ! I love this ! 
Uh .... I'm bored ..... thats about it .... 
I can't believe how badly missing one day can mess you up on your facebook games ... :s 
Know what classes your taking next semester ? I do ! yay me ... 
Finaly Registered for my classes , yay ! 
A bird just flew into the house :( 
46 - 6 now , still winning ! 
Three guesses as to what the best news of the year ( from me ) is ! 
Does anyone want some boxes ? 

They are 1 ' 11 " X 1 ' X 1 ' 
Final is done ! thats the end of summer class ! YAY ! XD 
So I woke up at 6:30 to the realization that there was a huge bee in my room ..... I still can't figure out how bugs get in there ..... 
Yay for Subway ! 
no work today :( I want hours ... 
What is Warm , Soft , Sticky , and has a Hole in the middle ?? It's a Fresh donut .. wow you dirty minded people ! 
I wish 3 o'clock would get here faster ..... It's annoying to set here with nothing to do ..... 
I'm the sane one , the world is the crazy one ! - Kariya ( Bleach ) 
My job has a candy perk ?! 
had a 7 hour day at work , I'm so happy to be getting some hours XD 
Congratulations to Will Ferrell ! You manage to make a movie I actually like ! That being Megamind . 
Please 
join me in putting this as your status if you or someone you love has 
been eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims everywhere 
know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled 
up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind of 
... unstoppable . 93% won't copy and paste this , ... but let's see that 7% 
that will 
I got to celebrate my birthday practicly all week , and wouldn't you know it , it ends in missery , my kitten got ran over .... 
I had such an awesome day yesterday ! wish I could have had more people with me , I never knew that sprngfield had a place that specialized in fondu . Mom knows me well XD 
so , everything is goin ok for the moment , save for the station XD Cecil is getting his leg cut off , but its better ' n losing his life .... 
So is everyone geared up for the game tonight ? We are playing at Cabool , we better win this round ! Or at least have less of a gap compared to the last game .... anyways ! Good luck boys ! 
Hey ! my profile pic isn't 4 years old anymore ! ( god it doesn't seem like junior prom was that long ago ... ) 
Yay moneys ! * keels over from sudden massive stress relese * 
nothing 
to do , but I'm ok with it , it would be better if I had some friends to 
do nothing with though :) 
Well , one hamster down , one to go .... :s 
Morning .... no WoW , servers getting ready for next expansion -.- zzZZ 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! Donot 
join the group currently on Facebook with the title " Becoming a Father 
or Mother was the greatest gift of my life " It is a group of Pedophiles 
trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and 
post !!! Let's keep our children safe . 
Personally I think the game was horrible , but then again I was at the radio station so I couldn't see what was going on ..... 40 - 7 loss 
Whoever said " The freaks come out at night " has obviously never seen Walmart during the day . 
Well , I guess mind games are ok in a small town job .....? 
I never knew that there could be suck a war between theaters like there is between coke and pepsi , or cake and pie , or pirates and ninjas ....... >.< 
Listening to the music on the WoW launcher cause I can't log in yet .... 
Guess what Elizabeth ! I have a Disney song ( Aladdin ) stuck in my head ! 
Arabian nii ~ iights , like Arabian daa-ays , more often than not hot hotter than hot , in a lot of good waaays . 
Anyone ever notice how perverted that line is ? 
anyone else going to the MSU welcome back BBQ lunch in west plains tomorrow ? 
Hmmm , now I know I used to be able to view PDF files that I had saved to my computer in Firefox .... I can ' seem to get it to do that now though . I wonder what happened ? 
Yay Sociology ! Maybe I will learn why people feel the need to act like people of other ethnicities ? ( apparently that isn't in my computers dictionary ..... ethnicities ... ) 
So , my grandpa is in the hospital , and my parents are gonna stay in Springfield with him . It seems he has a " bad spot " on his foot that is bad enough for the entire thing to be cut off . not to mention the infection MIGHT be bad enough to be life threatening ..... I just wanna go home and hide in a corner .... 
So , I am at a Kentucky headhunter's concert ... They play southern rock . How fun ! I'm bored .... 
31-0 in the lead ! 
I start classes Tuesday ! I wish I remembered what classes I have ... >.> 
Hurray for Physics ! Maybe ? 
Someone save me ! the loneliness is closing in ! ( doesn't help that the only decent show on is home alone 2 ! ) 
I've been cleaning for 4 1/2 hour now , I can see my dining table now ! I'm so proud of myself :p 
Doodlenuggets . 
To whom it may concern : Ivan had some teeth pulled , he's pretty damned loopy ( So , I guess if you wanna come by and laugh at him feel free to ) otherwise leave him alone today k ? 
I got two hamsters !!! :D I still need to name them though , they are both female and are white/light brown/orange colored .... I wanted a black/white one , but they where a different breed . ( yep , there are different breeds of hamsters ... ) 
If you couldn't make it out to Houston tune in to 92.5 The Grove ! the game is just about to start ! 
I need something to do ... any suggestions ? 
Oh , I wonder if Sharon Ray was hacked .... Guess I will have to go delete her .... :s 
So apparently Kim Kardashion is a cougar with Justin Biever .... Bieber .... whatever . The question I have is , isn't he like 15 anyway ? god , tabloids ...... 
Does anyone use any of the special language settings like " pirate " or " upside down " ? 
I don't get G4 on the tv anymore * cry * ( not that I watched it that much to begin with , but still ! ) 
What superhero ( and ) supervillain do you think I am most like , and why ? It doesn't mater who made them ( like DC or Marvel ) .... 
Watching static shock with Elizabeth woot XD 
Now that Rollo has guessed it , for those of you who don't pay attention to old posts , I HAS MAH LICENSE !!!!!! 
man , its taking to long for the 24th to get here !!!!!! 
Can anyone give me Virginia Allsman's cell # ? 
hmmm .... I just threw together some random ingredients for lunch ( or whatever is between lunch and dinner ) and it turned out pretty good ;p 
I MADE A QUICHE !!!!!! 
