got a lip ring yesterday , pictures here soon ^_^ 
Whoohoo ! yeah Wendsday is going to rule 
damn , summer is over 
gah , I feel like crap 
not having internet at home really bites ! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT ( Jumping on the Bandwagon ! ) - If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you are finished , post this paragragh 
Reality is a crap special effects crew 
" No ones from here , no one my dear , Not even the trees " points to whoever knows that song :P 
SUMMER is finaly here ! 
Is in Oregon , and loving it so far :D 
I wish it was Friday :P 
" With digital omniscient eyes Capturing me one last time for you . Tomorrow you will see . " damn I love that song :D 
hmmm , wonder what the hell is going on * shrug * oh well 
* sigh * I hate the HSPE schedule so much 
purple hair dye = messy 
just for the record 
* sigh * today was amazing 
<3 oh so bittersweet , I'm gonna focus on the sweet just as damn much as I can though 
I need chocolate .... :( 
* sigh * life needs a fast forward button 
hmm .... 
something needs to change sooner or later 
I'm still counting down <3 
I'm holding on to all that I can , clinging to every hope 
Hmmm , perhaps 
I finally have my ferret again ^_^ 
less than 48 Hours .... <3 
my feet still hurt . Oh and dyeing someone's hair without gloves is FUN 
yay for green and purple hands 
Finally , after a week I'm on my way to getting better . I hate being insanely sick 
Hmm , red dye + already black hair = very interesting ^_^ 
I think my health has returned , tis about time 
I need more music :P 
Bright Black Heaven needs to be released already D: 
hmmm ........ 
Congrats to all those now done with school ! ^_^ 
I've got all day to get somewhere , but I have no idea where to go ... 
Wish you were here ... <3 
oh how I love being at the center of something that really has nothing to do with me :/ 
I cant believe I forgot that my school log-in doesnt work anymore xD 
Augh , now I have to call the school for my transcript instead of just checking online 
I wonder how long that transcript will take to end up in my inbox .... cause I kinda sorta need it 
Two hours to get a transcript , I was figuring a couple days . Awesome :D 
Gotta go on a trip that I dont want to go on , but at least I got a keyboard for it . A damn sweet one at that 
Fuuuuuuuuuurk 
Fireworks again tomorrow night , hopefully they'll be cooler than last night 
I just realized , I need to take more pictures 
and get home and finish that project with the computer parts 
Soon <3 
Sunday night I'll finally be home again . Being a tourist in what used to be your home town sucks 
" The quiet scares me cause it speaks the truth " 
Well , all thats left is a wedding , and then packing up again ... Gonna be home soon 
Just left mt vernon , nearly home now .... 
I'm finally back ^_^ 
Only one or two people know my exact address , and yet I came back from Oregon to find a blue bandanna on the doorknob , like it was supposed to be left as a gift . Its freakin weird ... And I know a bunch of people who it cant be .... What the hell ? 
tis a great day ^_^ 
^_^ 
With all thats fake theirs sense to make from toys that break 
Interview went well , looking forward to the next one tomorrow 
<3 
missing the person you love sucks 
.... I forgot what i was going to say 
7 hours of bus riding ... Omg >.< 
It needs to be Friday <3 
No , I Saw Everything . You're Cheating On Me ..... With A Blanket .... 
Tropical snowglobes 
What should i say ? 
Hmmm , thoughts , thoughts , and more thoughts ..... 
Ooooh fuck yes , new boots :D gotta love it 
* yawn * 
Grawrz ! 
Woooooohooo :) 
that is all 
* sigh * I cant wait to see him ... <3 Tuesday ..... 
I miss him already <3 
got another ferret over the weekend , and already my boyfriend and I have had to chase him into a corner , tis a hyper one 
I have this odd urge to redo one of my paintings , not sure if its a good idea though :/ 
I just realized that I really need to get my hair cut , its looking like a bit of a mess these days 
I'm supposed to be up in like 6 hours , so why am I still online ? 
I feel so damn lucky to have someone this amazing in my life <3 
I'm so glad my teachers are learning how to remove the time limits from the quizzes and exams . My government exam would have been impossible to do in 55 minutes 
RIP purple nose stud , you shall be missed . Oh if only I knew when and where you left me : c 
He is way too good at making me wish I could teleport 
I want a giant canvas and a week with nothing to do but paint 
* sigh * I really need to quit thinking about the tattoos I want , because it looks like I'm not going to get someone to take me to Canada any time soon .... 
I want something to do , but I have no ideas 
thanks Facebook for telling me that I might know the person thats part of my current problems , thats really shitty of you . I logged on because I couldnt sleep , I didnt want to think about this . 
Some days I really fucking hate it when there isnt a damn thing I can do to help :/ I feel fucking useless 
I've come to the very obvious conclusion that my boyfriend and I are very weird :D 
I wonder if its too late to transfer to Options ? :/ 
I've got an amazing man in my life , now if I just had him in my arms <3 
Wow my boyfriend is amazing <3 
Whenever I dream of you , forever doesnt seem so long <3 
We've got nothing to hide , and less to lose 
Just sitting here on Mikka Schildt's computer :3 woohoo 
Sooo .... WTF is up with ATT I have service , up to three bars at once , and yet I still cant send a freakin text D: how rude 
Its amazing what happens when you arent paying attention 
I also just realized that I took tons of pictures on at least three days of my trip over the summer , but I only ever uploaded one batch of them . I still have pictures from the aquarium and I think somehwere in eastern Oregon to post . And there may be even more than that . I really should start looking through those one of these days 
So , yesterday a few people asked if my teeth were fake . I never realized that my teeth could get mistaken for fake fangs before . Odd times 
I'm crying right now ... I'm not strong enough to say what I need to say ... and its killing me ... 
Age : 12 
Boyfriend : Dear god I dont know 
Wanted To Be : uuuh .... I think it was a piercer or tattoo artist 
Fear : spiders 
Lived in : Independence , OR 
Like & I'll Give You An Age . 
Lightbulb dont you dare die on me today ! 
My boyfriend is amazing <3 
I need a hug :/ 
Lets see who actually reads my posts ! Leave me a one word comment that starts with the first letter of your last name that best describes me . Also make sure to copy this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ! Don't just post a word and not copy , that's no fun ... 
Reading the details of a band's " reunion " is reading a lot like high school drama . It gets more pathetic the more I look at it . So why am I still reading up on it ? 
Looking forward to getting up early and getting on the bus tomorrow . Kenzie Koala I cant wait to see you ! :3 
Crap I have to get up early , blah , oh well friends are worth it :3 
" Can you hear the sound of the static age ? " 
" Cant you see they turn blind eyes to we swift and spotlight strangers ? " 
" Life's a bitch and so am I , the world owes me so fuck you " 
" What could you see ? What could you find ? If we meet , please advert your eyes " 
still not a damn thing to do :P 
still a wifi ninja , woohoo XD 
" You dont believe in God , I dont believe in luck . But I believe we are the enemy " 
" So let's cut fast to the car crash where the future went down with the past cause this beat wont wait for you . " 
" I have owned this life forever , I'll always remain . " 
^_^ just a random bit of happy for the day ^_^ 
why must I always have songs stuck in my head ? 
is a wifi nija XD 
So many art projects , so little time XD 
I need a hug :( 
I love how everything you dont want to think about hits you right before you try and sleep . I couldnt stop thinking about this , and yet I'm no closer to a clue what to do about it .... 
" Who would run for cover ? Who would run from us ? " 
" God bless us everyone , we were broken people living under loaded gun " 
hey , people who go to Mt Baker ! On the last day of school wear the most insane mismatched outfit you possibly can ! And tell anyone and everyone you know about this ! 
" Oh my my you're oh so sly . Let's leave unsaid what's left unspoken . And oh my boy , you're oh so coy , let's just pretend that nothing's broken . We'll censor the ending for me ... for you " - Wake up , Open the door and Escape To the Sea by Blaqk Audio 
" How is it divine when its flawed design ? " 
hmm in the past week I've lost count of how many times I've killed my phone's battery XD I blame it on texting so much 
" When the new actor stole the show , who questioned his grace ? " 
sooo many hours have gone into this zombie , and I have many many more to go , but for now , sleep 
" Time was so tangible , I'll never let it go . " 
holy shit , this could be amazing .... I cant wait for november to get here !! 
" I have owned this life forever , I'll always remain " 
Woohooo ! ^_^ 
had an awesome day with mikka . I'm just pissed that my phone died 
I've let this happen too many times , but I've come to live with this disaster , and I dont know what I would do without it 
Everything comes back to this , I know there is a reason . But now isnt the right time . Someday this can be , but today , next month , maybe even next year just isnt the time . We have lives to live , growing up to do . We may stand together , but not in the roles we try to fill , those must wait for another time . 
* yawn * so glad school is over , now I can actually focus on art again 
hmm school , making me get up early , dammit 
" My pen is the barrel of a gun , reminding you what side you should be on " 
Whoohooo ! Its summer ! :D 
" I'm over that way of communicating 

Over and around 
Everyone is anyone 
I could say I can wait but what would that mean ? 
Where would I be ? 
Are you still listening to me ? " - Circle Of Death by The Higher 
I'm selling the Artist Trading Cards for $5 each . Let me know which one you want if youre interested ! 
I write too much XD 
I dont want to hate you , but you fucked up . I want to forgive you , but its hard when you wont say anything . Just tell me why ... Please ...? 
I really need to post my surreal shit , its pretty sweet 
Its starting out to be a good year already :D 
hmmm the opposite side of the room is a bad place for a jacket in the morning XD today was soo cold ! 
A true friend doesn't care about your finances , if you're being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are 
I'm happy , cause I have 16 mini cards to draw up . Aka a great way to kill time 
RIP Ozzy and Bridget <3 you two shall be missed 
How could my hair fill up that much space in the trash can ? I didnt think I had THAT much 
Maybe someday I'll remember you in a better way 
hmm the zombie has an AK-47 pointed at it now . I still dont know what I'm going to do with this thing when I finish it though , I really have no use for a zombie pic 
demon retard octopus XD 
I know what it takes to move on , 
I know how it feels to lie , 
All I wanna do 
Is trade this life for something new 
Holding on to what I haven't got 
" Oh the Winter and Spring , going hand in hand just like my love and pain . Oh the thought of you cuts deep within the vein . " thanks Dead By Sunrise for a quote that comes a little too close to home today , not a perfect fit to my day , but the best thing I could find . 
I'm swimming in the smoke of bridges I have burned . So don't apologize , I'm losing what I don't deserve 
bored , bored , and bored , ugh 
why do I start so many art projects ? XD 
I saw you standing the in the rain , calling my name . Heard your voice and it sounded the same , calling my name . 
" A boyish notion of false emotion . 
These words are spoken , despite my love . 
A fool's devotion was set in motion . 
My eyes are open now . " The Looking Glass , by The Birthday Massacre 
found an awesome tattoo shop in Abotsford , looking forward to going back ! 
fuuuuuuuck this weekend sucks 
Its been exactly one year today . I still cry when people comment on the DeviantArt photos telling me how beautiful she is , and how they wish I would use her as a model again . Felicity , I still cry when I have to tell people you're dead , I miss you so much . 
Dragon's with cornrows XD thanks Mikka . That drawing is gonna be started soon :P 
So what the hell do I do with the zombie ? Throw it out unfinished , or finish it and give it a way anyway ? 
I'm glad you are nowhere near me right now , because I have no idea what I would do if you were here .... 
Hatred would be a waste of my energy , I'd rather forgive and move on ... 
holy shit , I finished the story ! 
" Hooked on a star , enraptured by the sky . In love with a satellite . I'll stare forever and love whatever breaks my heart . " Semiotic Love - Blaqk Audio 
I need to remember to get my artwork posted here , someone might like it 
I think I have an obsession with eyes . Drew an awesome one in 8th period though :D 
music cures everything 
why was I dumb enough to wear tall heels all day yesterday ? there was a pair of great flats just sitting on the other side of the room , that would have been smart XD 
hairspray + hairdryer = my mohawk is finally up XD 
My art has claimed my life , and I am more alive than I ever thought I would be . 
I've got nothing to lose , You've got nothing to say 
when in doubt , draw something :D 
" Alone in a world with millions souls walking in circles , trapped in their dreams unhealthy unclean , walking in circles . " 
" You know that I love you boy , hot like Mexico rejoice . At this point I've got to choose , nothing to lose " 
its interesting what happens when someone actually figures out whats wrong . oh and I might be getting an estimate for my Taste The Lighting this weekend :D 
someone is going to be pretty damn happy tomorrow ( hopefully ) :D 
Life wont wait for either of us to grow up , but emotions can be remembered for later years . I wont forget this , but I'm not going to wait forever 
I want to shut the door , and open up my mind 
Wow , those were things I never thought I would say , hopefully I wont regret this 
OMFG my DF secret santa got me a copy of the A Fire Inside EP ! 
I miss the days when things were simple , and drama was just a genre instead of a daily thing 
and now its done , one long art project down , not sure how many are left XD 
What I'll never show , what you'll never find , is explosive . So hide your eyes . 
surrealism in ink 
Surrealism is fun . Its even more fun when youre working on a drawing on teh bus and people keep trying to figure out what it is XD 
I cant keep thinking that every moment with you means something , though what you said right when I walked in made me think I meant something ... I should know better by now though 
I hate have no say in what the fuck happens , this is bullshit . Again , the world can kiss my ass * insert string of cursing here * 
The downside to Christmas is that I never know what the hell to get people ... and some people really arent very helpful :p 
Kill the party with me and never go home 
World domination jokes somehow make any day a good one xD 
" Is there something on your mind ? Couldnt just let it show , life is one white line " 
Tomorrow is gonna be fun . I cant wait for tons of my hair to vanish 
world , please kiss my ass and quit expecting me to be nice . because today I dont think I can be 
You can wear what you want but we still look the same 
I wish I had something to do for New Years , oh well 
" I dont want to be the one the battles always choose , cause inside I realize I'm the one confused . I dont know whats worth fighting for , or why I have to scream " 
its been one year , and this is the first time I've cried this much in months . I thought I got past this , but today has brought too many things back to mind . I miss her , she proved that the world really is a sick machine . 
Is there something on your mind ? Couldnt just let it show , seems that life is one white line . I'm walking away with the life of the party ... 
" I mean this more than words could ever say ... I miss you more than I did yesterday ... " 
fuuuuuuck I dont wanna get up today 
The way I cant look you in the eye , or get the guts to speak , it kills me 
I hope this isnt the part where we cut each other from our lives 
I hate Mondays even more than usual right now . At least I have Rhianon sleeping on me , reminding me how sweet ferrets are by nature <3 
Ozzy and Bridget you were great little creatures , I miss you both so much <3 
FML 
I still dont understand what's so great about snow :| 
Happiness or misery , I want it , cut me up and leave me for dead . 
Where did you run to , where did you hide ? 
