... at work , and for once , not really wanting to be . I need a brew ... but thats later ... 
work , work , work ... Love it ! 
off to the Renny to party with the best of ' em ! Woop Woop ! Daisy's even invited ... What good friends I have ! 
is SOOO EXCITED that I am moving this week !!! SOOO NOT happy about living out of boxes for the last week and a half . Its like you need a little something out of each box , and I didn't pack a lot of stuff on purpose because I thought I would need it !!! PS : the sod is down , and the house looks great ! 
CO'ing an alcohol detox patient . UGH ! I need a drink !!! 
... went to check on my clothes that had been running in the drier and just realized that I hadn't put them in there yet ! WTH ??? 
is exhausted after being my patient's personal assistant all day . Worst thing is I didn't get paid for it . Oh ya , and happy birthday Mallory Fisher-Pino !! 
... sittin out in this nice weather , playin with Daisy , and watchin Martin do yard-work ! Lovin it ! 
is watching fearfully as Martin's dad and uncle attempt to run cable from one wall to another in our house . There are holes everywhere ! Isn't there some rule of thumb that there are just some things you should leave to the professionals ??? 
Its SOOO beautiful outside ! 
is going on a full MONTH without cable . I don't think I've ever gone that long without TV , but you know , its not as bad as I thought . ( Plus , my sister is DVR'ing all my shows . : ) Now I just have to find the time to watch them . ) 
is a little uneasy . Not sure what to do about all of " this " ... 
has a self induced study headache . I need chocolate ... or ice-cream ... or chocolate on my ice-cream . Definitely ...... 
needs to find some good entertainment this weekend ! Unfortunately working until 11 tonight though ... 
just chased Daisy through 3 backyards after she knocked a little black girl down off her 10 speed thats WAY to big for her . I felt bad , but it was funny , I have to admit . 
is full from a late night dinner . Ready to cozy up with Daisy and watch a movie . 
... after a LONG , tiring , never ending , BAD day , nothing like a glass of wine ( or two ) with one of my besties , Tracy , to make it all better . Love ya girl ! @Tracy 
I'm so glad that I haven't gotten into these Mafia Wars and Yoville or Farmville ... By the looks of it ... I would have failed out of nursing class because I be glued to the computer 24/7 ... Is there something about these games that I don't know about ? Wait .. I don't want to know . Let me know after December ... 
The boy's at the bar .. I'm at home with the dog . Life story ... At least until graduation .. and then I'm goin out in style ! FRANK THE TANK style ! ; ) 
is home alone ( with Daisy of course ) on a frigid Monday . What to do , what to do ... 
Daisy is SOOO grounded !!! She jumped the fence , rolled in some far away neighbor's dog shit , came home stinkin , gave her a bath , jumped the fence a second time , my neighbor caught her , jumped it AGAIN , stole " Cooper's " ball ( my neighbor's golden ) , pissed off my neighbor AND his dog , and took off down the street . UGH !!! I don't need kids ! 
Waitin for Brooke to get here so we can get this party started ! Don't know where we're goin , but I know we'll have fun when we get there ! 
... Johnny's West it is ! Be safe at tonight ... sleep with a nurse . ;~) 
my little Daisy needs nasal strips . Between the little " arfs " while she's chasin bunnies and the snorts in the middle of the night .. I don't think I'll be gettin much sleep ... and I don't have the heart to put her in her kennel . 
on nights like these , I'm looking forward to menopause . 
Graduation in December ... SUH-WEET !!! All the paperwork , presentations , background checks , finger printing , studying for NCLEX , exit exam , and not to mention tons of MONEY to pay for all that .... not so hot . 
... everything is spinning . Its like the twilight zone over here ! Back to bed , here I come ... 
Home ... relaxin . Done with testing ...! ( until next week ) . Gettin ready to enjoy some much needed R&R . 
lovin the fact that I can sleep in an hour tomorrow ! ( ... 4:30 am still comes too early . ) 
)} i {( " butterfly kisses at night ... " )} i {( 
GOOD MORNING !!! 
is looking for any excuse to get out of the house so I'll stop worrying about tomorrow ... 
went to the liquor store for tailgating tomorrow in Manhattan . SUH-WEET ! Even came back to my car to find a phone number under my windshield wiper blade . Awesome .. nice to know I still got it ! ; ) 
On my way to get that drink ! ; ) 
was a little misinformed about the percentages needed on the 180 question test today . It was even more intimidating than I had originally thought . Needless to say , a 94% did the job ! ... and if it weren't for class tomorrow , I'd be at a bar right now letting my mind rest ... 
... I hate , HATE writing papers , but LOVE the feeling of being done ! Watchin a movie sounds like a great idea ... 
gets her kicks by goin out , stayin late , and bein MIA ...! 
had some new info brought to my attention about my future career goals . I could cry ... 
just got a little more excited for the way things may be going in my future , but I can't tell ya cause I might jinx myself ... so DON'T ASK ! : D 
making biscuits and gravy . I need some comfort food after that HUGE dissapointment yesterday . I can't believe we drove all the way down there for THAT . 
is hiding in my bedroom with Daisy and my laptop while Martin and his dad attempt to make a " cubby " aka HOLE in the wall under our TV for our cable box .. I'm scared to say the least ... 
Some things are just out of your control . 
really , really , really tired of being scattered eveywhere ... and I miss my little Daisy . :*( 
Hi-Ho , Hi-Ho , its off to Sprint I go ... 
PICKLES . YUM . 
Granite City dip ... YUM ! 
Two weeks from today is my graduation !!! I'm so excited and proud of myself I could kiss MYSELF ... If that were even possible ... ; ) 
Almost officially recuperated from last night . Round 2 !!! 
T minus 20 minutes and counting to my last test as a nursing student !!!! Chillin in the computer lab with the best of ' em ! 
is totally eating pizza for breakfast . You're jealous ... 
Goin to get something to eat . STARVING ! 
just got a whiff of Daisy's nice , minty-fresh , CAT LITTER breath !!! EWWWW !!! Bad dog ! 
WELP ...... got my exercise today , again . Either Daisy's gettin smarter or I'm gettin slower ... I think its the combo . 
.... thirsty Thursday !?!?! Count me in ... 
at Brooke's studying . ( Funny isn't it , that I'm on FB posting about it ...?? ) ; ) 
Just when I think that my life can't get any worse ....... I get paid . : D 
is crazy for volunteering to work today , but lovin the idea that I'm getting paid to watch TV and play on the computer . : ) I love this place . 
Bartender I really did it this time . Broke my parole to have a good time . When I got home it was 6 a.m. The door was locked so I kicked it in .... 
" Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . " -Bob Marley 
is already enjoying this week off , and its only MONDAY ! 
is ready to start pullin some hair out ... NCLEX land ... here I come . 
I need a Xanax . Anybody got a Xanax ....? and YES ... this is drug seeking behavior . ; ) 
Feels like a semi ran over me , backed up , and did it again ... Too much celebrating . ... and I have an interview in 3 hours ! 
I am crazy for taking my test so that I might get my results tomorrow morning . This is gonna make for either a really good or a really BAD Christmas . Santa , all I want for Christmas are some initials .... RN !!! 
is amazed at how how hard people will work to make things even that much harder on themselves ... 
Oh ... and I got the job in the OR @ KU !!! : ) 
Starting at 3pm , I'll be working and won't see ANYONE until New Year's Eve day after 3:30 pm ... Ugh . Why do I do this to myself ? Coffee time !! : D 
is a little slow after the celebration lunch ( and drinks ) at Stix after class today . Needs a little power nap for the real deal later !!! 
hears a plow truck going down the road . Bout freakin time !!! 
Emily Harvey RN ; ) 
is really upset that I'm gonna have SUCH a great time tonight that I probably won't remember it tomorrow .... ; ) * Have a fun and safe New Years Eve ! ... and if you need a ride , don't call me !!! : * See you guys next year ! 
is really disorganized . Anyone willing to be my personal assistant ? Just for a couple of weeks of course . I'll provide free nursing care for the 10 day term . ( Sorry , if I were a masseuse , I could offer better ... ) ; ) 
is having severe anxiety issues on too many levels . Boards , bills , and Christmas ... but on a good note , HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM !!! 
at work today , AGAIN ! What is it ... my birthday ?!?!? : D lol 
probably will get morally bashed for this , but the SPCA commercials get me 100x over than the poor people in 3rd world countries . 
For the first time EVER , I'm at work and would rather be finding a needle in a haystack ... I'm so bored , its REDICULOUS ! 
is so broke , you might as well call me " Humpty Dumpty " . I need to start this new job ASAP ! My other job keeps cancelling me ! 
just got down uploading pics for the last hour . Now I'm going to go enjoy the sweet weather ! 
I'm at work ... YAY ! (<------- me being excited at work ! ) : D 
Sooo worn out with everything this week . Looking forward to a couple days of nothing to do ... or lots to do ... either way , something to keep my mind preoccupied . 
is officially recuperated . Startin off the night with a little KU basketball ! Rock Chalk .... Jayhawk .... KKKKKK UUUUUU !!! 
... tacos for dinner . Ugh ... I'm already starving . ... 3 hrs to go ! 
Everythings going to be ok ... I found some chocolate . 
Woo Hoo !!! Its monday !!! Ugh .... Ya , I tried . 
is looking forward to a girls night out tomorrow . A few drinks , and a lotta bad decisions . ;~) 
Marley & Me Episode #34 : Took her outside for her biweekly nail trim . Put her back inside & took Charlie ( the cat ) out for her turn . Turned around grabbed the handle , no bueno . She locked me out of my house . Go to the neighbors in an ACDC shirt , THE CAT , & some neon green socks for help . CHRIS the locksmith comes to my rescue 1 later . BAD DOG ! Stay tuned for more episodes of your favorite hell raiser , Daisy . 
" The important thing is this : To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become . " 
mentally prepraring , but remembering just how unprepared I really am ... 
is gonna dust off the ol ' Wii and give it a shot ... ( I've already got an ice pack in the freezer ... ) 
Tank tops , flip flops , and tan skin ... Oops , sorry . I must have been dreaming ... 
needs to catch a break . 
You only live once , but if you work it right , once is enough . 
TOTALLY has cabin fever ! This feeling of excitement that I get everyday when I get off work is making me itch to do crazy things !!! 
I'm banged up and bruised ... got hit , thrown , shoved , dragged , and ran over .... and I had the time of my LIFE ! Def picked up boarding as a hobby ! 
is going to watch Hotel For Dogs ... and really excited . I don't care if you think I'm dumb .... :D 
Love the nights you spend with friends through the holidays . Goin 3 strong , round 4 ... bring it on . 
Holy cow ! My page is FLOODED with Fake Patty's Day pics ! Awesome weekend ... To be continued Friday ! Be there or be square ! ; D 
goin to see my Daisy ! : ) ... and then to the Hilltop later to see Dusty play ! Woo Hoo !!! 
Still tired from last night . This weekend was a doozie ! Next weekend ... my birthday !!! 
I " heart " Chinese food ...! Thanks Tracy ! ... but they really should work on the fortune cookies . 
Needs a break .... and a bed . Mostly a bed ... 
Rootin for the kitty cats !!! Meow ! ; D 
is wasting away from lack of sleep . I would kill for a night of more than 5 hours ... Afterall , I need to be rested for Wednesday ... : D 
I've had this painful burning in the back of my brain for the last 2 hours and couldn't shake the feeling ...!? Then I realized it was just the sun ...!!! Party like a rockstar , its March ! 
ready for dinner with the fam at Kelley's tonight ! ( Yum = Kelley's ranch ) Happy ( EARLY ) 21st birthday Laura & Stephanie !!!!!! 
Thank you SO much old ass city worker for honking at me to let me know the light was green . I wouldn't have happened to yield at the light to make sure no morons were coming since the fog has blinded everyone . Afterall , we all know everyone has insurance around here . Green cards too . They can definitely be held accountable . What was I thinking ?!? 
The Buckle = Bad , bad Emily 
A 
Firefighter is missing their family while caring for yours in the 
minute it takes you to read this : Firefighters all over the world are 
saving lives . It's Firefighter appreciation Week .... Repost if you are a 
Firefighter , love a Firefighter or appreciate a Firefighter . 
Go to Google Maps and click on Get Directions . 2 . Write USA as your start point . 3 . Write Japan as your destination . 4 . Go to the 31st point on your route and when you stop laughing , post this as your status so that others can laugh at it too . 
Great . Hank found a pile of ash and char that got spilled in the backyard and decided to EAT it . Wonder how long it'll be before the pukin rally starts ...? :P 
Got my pile of internet homework done PLUS my test that I hadn't planned on doing til tomorrow . Woo Hoo ! Now what to do with the last couple hours of energy I have that I consumed in coffee earlier ....? :P 
Screaming inside because of how bad I wanna go back to sleep . I wonder if I can get a Dr's note that says anything before 9am is too stressful for my health ...? 
Awesome , relaxing Saturday . BBQ , beer , and friends ... but somethings missing . : / Something tells me that tomorrow will make up for it . : ) 
Tums .... The only thing that might get me through the day . I don't feel good . : ( 
I'm up , feel stuffy , and on my way to work .... not very happy about this . 
Wishing I were at home in comfy clothes watching movies . Working 5 days this week is for the birds ... 
Loves the fact that I have Thursday's off . Bumbed that I always have so much " work " to do ... 
needs a hole to crawl into . 
I would like to know just how much SNOT one person's body could possibly produce . No seriously ... for all you bored FB'ers out there , I'd like some answers ... because honestly my brain's too full of the stuff to even think straight right now ... no matter how many time I blow my nose and sneeze my face off , IT JUST KEEPS COMING ............................ :P 
Couldn't have asked for a better weekend . : ) 
A cold one on a patio ....? Anyone ? : D I'm excited for this weather ...!!! 
Hi ho ... Hi ho ... KU here I come ... Is it my day off yet ? 
So F'in excited ! Campin AND fishin ?? Are you kiddin me ??? : D With good company too I might add . : ) 
" You make me smile like the sun .... " 
Another great weekend ! I'm beginning to think i just keep really good company . : ) 
Three day weekend , three day weekend ... It's not working , it still feels like Monday . 
In no way , shape , or form am I ready for this week to begin . Where's the rewind button ? 
Crawled out of my cave long enough to see it's gonna be a nice day . So excited I get off at 3 today ! Guess I can do laundry with the windows open . Woo hoo ! Lmao ... 
For the first time , my brain wasn't goin for the " The sun is out , so it doesn't feel too early in the morning " . FYI : 5:30 is TOO early no matter what , i dont care who you are ... and it def felt way earlier this morning . 1530 can't come soon enough . I got stuff to do ! Im sure of it ... ; ) Happy Humpday and Cinco de Mayo ... I'll only be enjoying the first one . 
The only thing I'm looking forward to today is getting off work , going home , and taking a shower . Things are gettin messy around here ! 
Not feelin so hot today AND I have to go to the " lady " doctor . Yuck ... I should have stayed in bed today . 
Tonight ... Round #2 ... Only there's one key element for today that wasnt included last night ... Smokin ribs and grilling everything else ... Two words ... Suh . Weet . :D 
Doin laundry and Facebookin ALL NIGHT LONG ! Who's with me ?!?!? : D DANG ! I love days off .... 
So , I'm walking out of work ( aka the 3 mile hike to my car ) , glance down at my feet , and look at my black flip flops . I think to myself ... " Wow , I haven't had these very long and that left one is fading pretty bad . Its almost like a ....... brown color ?? Ohhhh ...... WTF ? It was a little dark gettin dressed this morning . What can I say ... our Florida trip tomorrow isn't a want , its a neccessity . Atwood , here I come ! 
Gettin to bed early-ish tonight ....... BUST . 
20 minutes early for a meeting and still barely any parking . Looks like I'll be in the kitty litter tomorrow . Best place to work . 
Pretty sure I've already had a morning worth waking up for . : ) 
Fish fry and beer . Yum . : ) 
Today's gonna be a good day . I can already tell .... : ) 
Dinner at 10:00 pm ? Why not .... 
Missie B's , you treated us well ... to other establishments we go ! Congrats Jessica ! I hope your bachelorette party is as awesome as we all think it is ...! 
Hooter's wings and beer ? Yes please ! 
Stephanie . I'm gonna kill you . > : P 
Just another day in paradise ... 
What a crappy lookin morning . Oh well , makes me feel better about bein stuck inside at work . Let's do this thing .... and get it over with anyway so I can go home and lay back down . 
Excited that today is my Friday and tomorrow we have the whole day to do ... whatever . : ) 
My feet are soaking in nice , hot , bubbly water . Be jealous . 
Ever been in a semi box sandwhich ? ... and no , this is not a sexual reference for those of you with your minds in the gutter . It's where 4 semi's surround you on the highway . Let me tell you this , they do it on purpose and it's not very nice . : ( They're just lucky I'm too tired to be upset . 
I'm literally updating my status just to rub it in everyone's face that I miraculously got off work early today and get to enjoy just that much more of this awesome weather ! ..... with the best of the best course . ; ) 
Day off ? Yes please ! ( ... and thank you of course . ) Sitting in bed with the pups doing absolutely nothing ... except eating , watching movies , and surfin the net for Christmas gifts . PERFECT day ... except I'm missin my other half . :*( 
Would much rather have stayed in my nice warm bed and slept during this awesome thunderstorm than brave the highway and hydroplane myself all the way to work . 
T-minus 17 min ..... 
Way too sore , tired , and sick to even pretend that I'm happy to be alive today ... but somehow I always manage to put a smile on my face . It could be a lot worse : ) 
You should die first then live in an old home . Get kicked out when you’re too young get a gold watch & go to work . Work 40 years until you’re young enough to enjoy your retirement . Do drugs alcohol party & get ready for high school . Go to grade school become a kid play have no responsibilities . Become a baby go back into the womb spend your last nine months floating & finish off as an orgasm . -George Carlin 
What the french , toast ?! My brain is on overload ... I need very long stay-cation . One where I don't have to work , spend a lot of money , don't have to pack , do laundry , dishes , homework ... I need a break from it all . Three days ain't gonna cut it ... but I'll give it a try . ;) 
You know you're in trouble when you're havin one of those mornings , running late because of it , and that means no time for any coffee that I could possibly choke down to get the day off to a better start ... : / 
Sunday ... Way too close to Monday . 
Saw a picture of a fortune cookie and instantly started craving Asian food .... Good thing it's already on the menu ! :D 
I love ridin ... horses that is . Thanks Mav ! ; ) 
I'm hoping I get in on this badass case later . It would totally turn a pretty great day of work into an awesome one ! : D 
Stress can kill you , so I've been told today . 
TGIF .... Literally , I'm not just sayin that cause it sounds cool . 
I'll tell you what's on my mind .... The day's half done here at ol ' KU and that means I'm even closer to dinner at Margarita's with good company .. : ) 
Watch out . I'm on it today ...! 
Happy humpday ! ; D 
I bet every vet with post traumatic stress disorder is hittin the floor like crazy right now ... 
It's gonna be a long day and a half .... :*( 
Gone huntin .... :D 
Staff meetings ... even earlier than a regular work day . Where's the dislike button ?? 
Trauma : Life in the ER .... How does someone get a tree branch stuck in their " anus " without intentinally putting it there ? My guess would be he pissed off the wrong people ... 
Guys , we live in Kansas . When it rains , it rains a lot . When it snows , it's a blizzard . When it's hot ... It's REALLY hot . Anyone shocked by the weather better have either just moved here or have dementia . 
is all smiles . : ) 
First Wizards game today in over 10 years . Ole ! lol 
Softball tonight ... its on ! :) 
Feelin good , its Friday , with a good team today . Awesome day ... Just awesome . Can't wait to get home . : ) 
Sooo ready for my 3 day weekend . There's just something about knowing you have to get up early all week that puts a rain cloud over my head M-F .. but it's all clear skies now . : ) 
It's HOT .... and I think I like it ! 
Fed up with this tired during the day/awake at night cycle . I don't take naps because of it , but at this point , whats the difference ?? 
OMG ... Working Friday nights isn't as glamorous as it used to be . I need to get out of here before I have an anxiety attack . 
NO AC ?? We'll see who dies of a heat stroke first ... me or the sweat ball running around the house trying to fix it ... :D 
Can I go home yet ? :( 
Surprise late night s'mores ... I think he's a keeper . : ) 
I have poison ivy ... on my FACE ! :*( 
Sitting here waiting for the next 30 minutes for a seminar to start ... Not my idea of a good time . Getting paid for it however , not such a bad thing . : ) 
What do you do at 9:30 in the morning when its raining ? I guess being on here answers my question ... but I'm not satisfied with the answer . 
Lookin to get into some trouble ... The good kind . ;) 
I need Netflix recommendations !!! 
OHEMGEE ......... 
I loooooove pickles ! : ) 
Relaxing day at the pool in FL while Atwood is at work . :( but ... Ela Necker , you just made me and Kyle's afternoon . Thanks ! You're the best ! 
Heat index 110 ? I wouldn't know , but it's 65 * up in here . :D 
Workin on a second cup ... and I dont drink coffee . This is gonna be a long day . 
" Never do anything you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics . " -Author Unknown 
If I had one less ounce of energy , I'd be crawling into work . Judging by the crack in the road I just tripped over , I'd say I'm not far from it . 
Pizza and ice cream for dinner ... :) I just wish I didn't have to eat it by myself ... :( 
Looking forward to a little me time I have planned after I get off ... minus the tags I have to get renewed ... Boo . 
Hooooooly ........ I am DUH-rained . 
" I feel like # ? *!...." and bored out of my MIND . 
Either I'm delusional ... or it's actually chilly out right now ... I'm totally rethinking the shorts decision . 
Atwood and I just started the " Rock Chalk " chant in the middle of the Ghirardhelli store in Disney ... shouldn'ta been wearin a K-State shirt ... LOSER ! :D 
They big and they cling ....!!! 
I'm more than grateful for what I have ... :) 
Volunteered to work today for my good ol ' buddy Justin Albee . Good thing he got it in writing ... ;) 
Got the new position ! ( new hours ) YAAAY !!! 
Nothin like an awesome , home cooked steak dinner . Thanks sweetheart ... ; ) 
Taking today by the horns ... 
Still hard to get outta bed ... TRYING to get something in my stomach . Oh food how I've missed you . :( 
Woke up at 9:30 , ran some errands .... next thing I know , its 6:30 and time to start shutting down . This just isn't working for me ... 
So apparently my wardrobe is telling me I don't have many fall dresses appropriate for a wedding . Suggestions ? I hate dress shopping ... Love new dresses , but the shopping ? Its over rated . 
Weekend ? What weekend ? Is it Friday yet ? Wait , I worked today , I work this Saturday .... 7 days straight ...? ... just thinking about it is making me lose my mind already . 
Dinner didn't settle well . :( Maybe a little kitty cuddle time . Hurry home Kyle ... I need someone to take care of me ! 
Doin a victory dance !!! Way to redeem yourself Jayhawks ...! Now I need to get off FB to go revive Kyle .... ;) 
WHY does homework give me the nastiest feeling ever ? The thought of it , dreading it , doing it ... Ugh . If only I didn't procrastinate it too ... I wouldn't be doing it after I get home from work at midnight and finishing it at 2am . :P " That's what I think about homework . 
... loves watching my dog run into things like glass doors or more obvious things like walls . I can only imagine that when I have kids some day , I'll have 24/7 entertainment and I'll laugh harder than I have today . 
Birthday dinner with a bestie ! Yay for Mexican food ! Now if only Tracy McBratney would get her tail here ! :) 
... the answer to my question earlier ... pedicure . Wow , why didn't I think of that sooner ? ( Probably because it entails getting out of bed and actually getting dressed . haha ) 
I don't ever want to wish my time away , but I really just need to skip to February to save my sanity . 
I get this evil enjoyment out of watching people spin of the road unconscionably . It's like NASCAR on Ice . lol . BTW I'd like to thank Mr. Kyle Brady for not letting me be one of those people and letting me borrow his truck . Love you ! 
Sorry kids ... no candy here . Well , none for you anyway . Keep it movin ... 
OHEMGEE ! Last final was last night ( thanks Kyle ;D ) . Woke up this morning feelin awesome ! ... immediately gettin a start to the millions of things that I've been puttin off for the last month or two . Crazy how much more I procrastinate when I take a couple classes . Here's to a day of productivity that's long over due ! ( and a haircut ! Lindsey , I'll be knocking your door down before you get home ... lol ) 
I heart Kyle Brady ... like a lot . 
Cozyin ' in with Simon to enjoy a late night movie before bed . :) 
Go Go Gadget energy ... ( I don't even have enough for an " ! " . ) 
So , to prove some psychiatrist in Europe right , today really is sad because I posted the long , boring version of Ninja cat . Here's a second attempt at making the saddest day of the year not so sad anymore ... Not to mention , the Hawks are kickin ass ! About time you guys look like you're a loss free team ! That's enough to brighten anyone's day ! 
Tailgatin ... :D 
" If I fall , can ya let me down easy ...? " 
For the first time in my life I have wrapped absolutely none of my presents and now I have to cram before I go into work at 3 . :P ... and I'd rather just lay here in bed all afternoon with my baby Simon who's currently curled in a little ball between me and my laptop . Thats what I think about that . 
Snowed in , still not feeling good , not to mention STARVING but my stomach is turning at the thought of food .... So a little Simon , Tom & Jerry , and Fresca will hopefully do the trick . ( His choice of course . ) 
Mmm My lips are a minty lavender . Guess I found the Burt's Bee's that made it through the washer . 
What to do , what to do , what to do .... Hmmm ...... :P 
Apparently I'm not the only one who is ready for a change in season . Spring can't get here soon enough ... Although , the hail hitting the windows makes me wonder how much more body damage my poor car can take . 
Long day , I can't sleep ... :P .... aaaaaaaand my kitten just tripped the " on/off " button on the power strip to the TV , cable box , and everything else plugged into it so that leaves me ..... sitting in the dark ... woo . Happy Monday . ( Yes I know its Tuesday , but the " day " hasn't quite ended for me ... 
Thank you Jayhawks for the best birthday present ever !!! The last Big 12 Championship !... and for all my friends who wished me a happy birthday ! You guys are the best !!! Kyle , this night WILL NOT end with a dog butt in my face ... :P 
I've got a case of the chilly , snowy , Day-Light-Savings Mondays . 
Came home to roses last night . Just because ... <3 . 
Ohemgee ! Who's up for some patio sittin , beer drinkin , and game watchin ? No really ... We need some plans !!! 
Is in a GREAT mood today ... weird . 
Just watched an old , white haired man share a cheeseburger he had cupped in both hands , foil an ' all , with his not so groomed collie in the front seat of a rusted old Chevy truck . Love is in the air ... 
Somehow dodged a hangover and Kyle is awake . I'm 2 for 2 !!! 
What a big day for the little VCU guys that made all this way . Its got to be a huge milestone for them . They will always remember the day that they they made it all the way to the Elite 8 and had the privilege to get their ass kicked by the Hawks . I bet if they're good sports they can get an autograph or two . 
All of a sudden I've got the munchies and feel the need to do some serious online shopping . My body , and my bank account for that matter , can't handle this game right now . 
Just a little update . Tawd went in for surgery this morning . He's probably gonna be pretty sore and slow-moving , after all , he's not a normal cat , and they will not only be removing his uniball , but his undescended testicle as well as the frost bitten tip of his tail . We'll be picking him up shortly . All get well soon ecards can be sent to emilyharvey03@gmail.com . Thanks in advance ... 
A year ago today I FINALLY decided ( after makin Kyle wait almost a whole week ) that we put up with each other pretty well , in fact , I liked the guy , a lot , and that we should shock the world and call ourselves a " couple " . A year later and I've only wanted to kill him a couple times and shake him to death a few , but dang it Kyle Brady , I still love you ! Happy 1 year babe . 
I REALLY want to get into some rec leagues this summer ... Softball ... Volleyball ... anyone ??? 
Your stomach ever feel like you just swallowed an entire gallon of vinegar ? Ouch ! and why ?!? 
