Breakfast foods are always better at night . Odd ... 
Isn't is amazing how one can live an almost normal life and never be content ? 
I want a bird . 
I hate when life is lame . 
Gah . I love Meatloaf . 
" A woman like that is not ashamed to die . I have been her kind . " 
Ugh . The Lovely Bones sucked . They ruined an amazing book . 
Ahahaha . I love The Hangover . 
I would sell my soul to an ENT if they can make me hear again . 
I can't freaking hear ! 
I still can't freaking hear . But , according to google , I only have two weeks left . 
Ugh . I have no life . 
Will be deaf by Friday . Lovely . 
Why must websites change your homepage once a week ? 
Oprah is a man . 
I want to see The Crazies ! 
Death . Death . Death . Death . I want to die . 
I just became a fan of over 400 pages . I think there is something wrong with me . 
A complete stranger called me old . My life is officially over . 
It's sad that my life consists of smoking , watching 7th Heaven , and playing apps on Facebook . Go hermits . 
My life is officially lame . I now dream about playing apps . 
There . Are . Birds . EVERYWHERE . 
Holy shit . Corey Haim died : O 
That was a lot easier than I expected . Now I have nothing to do . Ugh . 
Is kinda excited . 
Is cleaning all night again . I guess that's the price I pay for living like a slob . 
Who else freaking loves the name Chrysanthemum ? 
Is trying to put down the rest of my floor and preparing for CSAP tomorrow . Yay : ' ( 
Is going to throw up , yet I'm being forced to take CSAP . I believe child neglect charges should be filed :| 
Thanks for all the birthday stuff . I'm a tad bit late , but ... be grateful . 
I have internet and Die Antwoord's cd . I believe my life is now complete . 
The roof , the roof , the roof is on fire . We don't need no water , let the motherfucker burn . Burn motherfucker , burn . 
I'm off to sit in a room for four hours and read about world history that is incorrect . Toodles . 
" Condemn me . It does not matter . History will absolve me . " 
Blood On The Dance Floor has stolen lyrics from Otep . 
Stupid scene children , that have been convicted of rape , stole lyrics from Jesus herself . 
No . 
I'm Irish 365 days a year , not just today . Byotch . 
I read all of my new books and now I have nothing to read . I guess this means another night of drowning myself in reality television . 
Awesome . There's radiation in California . 
... And we're going to war with Libya . What the fuck is wrong with this country ?! 
I've successfully read The Bell Jar three times in two days . My eyes are dead , but my veins are filled with Sylvia Plath , foreverrrr . 
" All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring . We must never , ever be boring . " 
I looooove chasing my dog down the middle of 30 road in my pajamas . Made my fucking day . 
Dear government , 
Please leave me alone and quit trying to control my life . 
Thanks , 
Cortney . 
I just talked to Otep Shamaya . How cool . 
I was sure Elizabeth Taylor would live forever . 
Who bought a signed Otep poster ? Cortney did . 
" You will become an expert on your body as you destroy it carefully . " 
" I am queen of all my sins forgotten . " 
Maybe you can find yourself a nice antique rocking chair to die in . 
Kayla and I took a trip to the " fairy forest " today . Most fun I've had since I was eight . Immaturity for the win . 
Lady Gaga looks more and more like a crack head every day . 
" Remember it all , every insult , every tear . Tattoo it on the inside of your mind . In life , knowledge of poisons is essential . I've told you , nobody becomes an artist unless they have to . " 
Horrible , horrible day . 
School . Yay . 
" And we are magic talking to itself , 
noisy and alone . I am queen of all my sins 
forgotten . Am I still lost ? 
Once I was beautiful . Now I am myself , 
counting this row and that row of moccasins 
waiting on the silent shelf . " - Anne Sexton 
" Humanity , you never had it to begin with . " 
I bought the greatest incense ever . International Imports for the win . 
" Your heart is my piñata . " 
My Otep cd needs to hurry it's ass up . 
I wish it would keep raining . I would appreciate a flood . 
Fuck friends . I have my mom . 
I'm sick but I'm FREE . You're weak , and I'm built for the siege . 
" Put your ear down close to your soul and listen hard . " 
Happy cannabis culture day ! 
Wrap me in your trauma and I might just give you mine . 
If someone could drop by my house and shoot me in the face it would be greatly appreciated :) 
Chihuahuas are incredibly clingy . 
Shirley MacLaine writes like a beast ! Read " Don't Fall off the Mountain " if you'd like to be enlightened about .... everything . 
" I admire the man Jesus . His teachings were of love & equality . Not judging , not excluding . " 
I just sang ( or typed , I guess ) all of Don't Stop Believin ' with Cleverbot . I think this makes me Jesus ? 
This is such bullshit . Fuck you , capitalism . 
98% of teenagers have consumed alcohol , smoked , or have had sex . Put this in your status if you like bagels . 
If it weren't for seek and find computer games , I think I'd probably eat a bullet . 
RIP Osama Bin Laden . Lolz , just kidding . Burn in hell , piece of shit . 
" Because of the breaking news of Osama Bin Laden's death , we've received many calls asking who won Celebrity Apprentice . " 
Two words : Osama zombies . Watch out . 
We sing the cry of countless broken souls , 
" the world is made of razorblades , they choke on the words they'll never say , 
I wish it could change , but it will always be this way . " 
" I'll burn your fucking nipple you disgusting pig ! " 
House marathon . Yusssss . 
Another House marathon ? I think I believe in God again ... 
Happy Mother's Day , madre . I love you . 
Two of the greatest bands are touring together this summer . Are they coming to Colorado ? Of course not . Awesome :| 
" I could be bounded in a nutshell , and count myself a king of infinite space , were it not that I have bad dreams . " 
I love Darkwave so much . 
And I'm waiting with the sound turned off . I'm waiting like a glass balloon . I'm fading into the void and then I'm gone , I'm gone , I'm gone ... 
Happy Friday the 13th :) 
John Ritter was the shit . I don't care what anyone says . 
I've gone to school twice in two weeks and no one but my mom has noticed . Blatant proof that my existence is unnoticed by 99% of the population . Loners for the win . 
I think I'm going to devote the rest of my life to the internet . It's by far better than the real world , and the people I know on here aren't complete douche bags that use me for cigarettes and only talk to me when it's convenient . I value my internet friends far more than I value my " real friends " . 
There is an unequal relationship between the size of my teeth and my jaw . Diastema for the win . 
Just got my ACT results back , and they prove I was correct all along : 
I am in fact mentally retarded . 
" We're not just sure . We're HIV positive . " 
I'm going to go watch Bowling for Columbine and be angry at America . Bye . 
TOMORROW : The rapture . I couldn't possibly contain my enthusiasm even if I wanted to . 
Apparently I'll be the only one attending my rapture party tonight . But that's fine . I've got some salsa con queso , some tortilla chips , some watermelon , and whatever reality shows happen to be on tonight . It'll be more fun by myself anyway . Bring it , God . 
God was a no-show in Asia , Russia , and Australia . 
Us : 1 God : 0 
My computer is dying :O 
Happy Harvey Milk Day ! 
What is the point of starting school an hour late on Monday ? It's not convenient , it just confuses me . 
" Maybe that's what life is ... a wink of the eye and winking stars . " 
Thank you , IQ test , for murdering my self-esteem . 
We lost the key of sight . Now blind we fear in flight . We are far from love but silence is golden . Please observe ... 
You can now " like " posts on myspace . I swear I've seen that somewhere before ... 
Fucking teeth ! I hate them . 
I saved my computer from death . I rule . 
I dropped my phone in water : ( And Hillary , you're a poo : | 
My dog is blind : ' ( 
I hate the hater . I'd rape the raper . I am the animal who will not be herself . 
" Oleander time . Lovers who kill each other now will blame it on the wind . " 
I'm in the mood for angry German music . 
I want to go swimming ! 
What a whore . 
Johnny Cash is way cooler at midnight . 
Is it weird that , even though I live in Colorado , I check the weather for Boston almost daily ? 
I want another Novocaine shot . 
Whatever , dude . I don't need anyone but my Facebook apps . 
I am craving the smell of barbecue and trampolines : ( 
" Fuck you and your heterosexuality , you sick freak ! " Ahaha , emo forums make me laugh . 
Happy early birthday Napoleon Bonaparte . 
I just went outside to say good morning to my dog , and he puked on my foot . 
The flobots concert was pretty epic . 
I’m in need of a meaningful conversation or venting of any kind . 
Why do all the cool bands only tour in Europe ? 
My school locked me out of the website . What bitches . 
I . Hate . Exercising . 
I'm seriously thinking about donating my body to Plastination . 
Remember how I said my mom threw away my Marilyn Manson shirt ? Well , I just found it . 
Wow , I just managed to burn my eyelashes . 
" Life seemed nearest to acceptable at four a.m. " 
Locals only , bizz-nitch . 
Otep is coming to Junction June 7th ! 
I believe my corneas are melting . 
I just deleted all of my apps . I feel a rush of maturity traveling through my veins . 
I think i'm in love with Chelsea Handler . 
I want to read the Codex Gigas reallllly bad . 
I think I'm going to have an Otep marathon tonight . Otep or Behemoth . Or both . 
Gahhhh . I'm suffering from some serious deja vu . 
I don't understand why I continue to use social networking sites . They're lame . 
It needs to be 10 am on Friday . 
I . Hate . Cleaning . 
http://www.dangerousminds.net/comments/god_inside_by_the_beme_seed/ 
I'm going to eat potato soup , watch Family guy , and go to bed . Life is far to boring for me to try to stay awake . 
Stop procreating ! 
'' The tires on ever porsche are made out of the tears of baby dolphins''- me '' Are they really ? '' -mom . 
Grow . Up . 
Today is a bad day . 
A complete stranger just called me a " fucking weirdo " on Myspace . My job is done ;) 
My face hurts . 
That was so scary . 
" I am in desperate need of a DP ! " 
Vegetarian stir-fry = Jesus . 
Fuuuck . I think my computer is crashing . 
Anton LaVey was a genius , damn it ! 
Got my otep tickets . Be jealous , nukkas . 
I . Am . Going . To . Melt . 
" No , dude . Buffalo's live in plains . Not in forests . There are no trees in a plain . " 
" You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star . " -Friedrich Nietzsche 
Stop . Reproducing . 
I haven't chewed my nails for a week . Wewt . 
My computer is 

deceased . Text me , anyone . ( 970.260.8014 ) 
The Red Book of Appin for the winnnn ... 
I just spent four hours on GMH . I have successfully become lame . 
" Did you girls know that a mans ears are directly proportionate to his other bodily organ ? " -Blanche 
" What do you mean ? " -Rose 
" He has a big , floppy pancreas , Rose . " - Dorthy 
Otep concert = Epic ... Otep concert+ extreme head banging = not so epic the next day : ( 
G'night . 
Migene Gonzales-Wippler , you intrigue me . 
AMC FearFest . Fuck yes . 
Oteeepppppppp ... Five hours =) 
I am so screwed . 
I think my dog's going blind : \ 
'' You save yourself or you remain unsaved . '' 
Watching " Buy the ticket " . Viva la Gonzo . 
Going to watch My Girl , for the fourth time today , and chew on my hand . Bye . 
" The most powerful weapon on Earth is the human soul on fire . " 
Public school is boring as hell . I have no idea why I missed it . 
YES ! I can finally move my head today . 
I wish I could go back to 1997 and drown my brother when he was born . 
Nothing like used clothing to boost your self-esteem . 
If 4chan kills Tumblr , I will be very , very sad . 
When you almost always believe the sound of thunder is actually a nuclear bomb , you live in a bad country . 
Fuck yeah ! PopCap is letting people download Bejeweled for free ! 
Mister rabbit says , " A moment of realization is worth a thousand prayers . " 
Gah . Excitement in conquering me . 
So , I officially have every Hole album ever recorded . Yay . 
Another Golden Girl has died , and so has a piece of my soul . 
There is no milk ! 
I am Sam is the saddest movie ever : ( 
I went to a haunted house , pissed my pants , and i'm covered in mud . Happy fucking halloween . 
Your mom . 
I just found my Agatha Christie hidden object game . Fuck yeah . 
Concrete Blonde = second greatest band ever . 
Lunch . Fuck yes . 
The cold insincerity of steel machines , have consumed our euphoria . Transforming us into muted dreams ... 
Is about to act a fool . 
How does one catch a cold in August ? I have done the impossible . 
I want school to start ... 
Going schwimming .... 
Alcohol is redundant . 
Serj Tankian's new single is the greatest thing since vegetarian egg rolls . 
Snow . 
I'm frightened . 
Christmas was not a complete failure after all . Grandma for the win . 
Viva Zapata . 
First day of school . Yay for finally having a life . 
Fuck you , sun . Fuck you . 
" It has been said , ' the truth will make men free . ' The truth alone has never made anyone free . It is only doubt which will bring mental emancipation . " 
Hiding in bathrooms , from fagholes in a golf cart , is the most fun you will ever have in your life . 
I'm scared : ( 
CatDog marathon ! 
Dentist tomorrow . I'm scared : ( 
No , Tumblr , fuck your maintenance . 
I can't sleep . Again . Yay . 
" Another thing is no matter how much you think you love somebody , you'll step back when the pool of their blood edges up too close . " 
I fucking hate the smell of bacon . 
So , Eminem and I are getting married . 
Going to the dentist . Yay for needles in your jaw : ( 
In that final look , does the deer forgive the wolf ? 
Is going to walk to Columbine park with Maja . Please refrain from raping us . 
Derek Wilson is a faffot . 
Dear mom , 
I am reminding you to tell Rita what assholes the Pittsburgh Steelers are . 
Love , 
13 year old boys are stupid and I hate them . 
I took the road less travelled , it made all the difference . 
My burkah brings jihadis to the yard and they're like , Allah Akhbah ! 
Justifiable homicide : Almond blossom-scented cyanide . 
Is watching Bowling for Columbine . I ? Michael Moore . 
What a sad day . 
" And were an epitaph to be my story I'd have a short one ready for my own . I would have written of me on my stone : I had a lover's quarrel with the world . " 
Fuck you , Lady Gaga . Your music is in my head far too often . 
Bomb diggity ... yo . 
'' my name is cortney and i like eating spoons . '' 
I find your religious bullshit hard to believe . 
Watching Scream with my nieces . Spreading the fear of murder onto the future generations . 
bwahaha no privacy i eat poo :D i love you cortney !! 
“Sometimes people use thought to not participate in life . ” 
Tis freaking cold . I hate Colorado's mood swings . 
" Would you like to accept a Collect call from " Oh my god ! This phone smells like urine ! " 
Grace+me+her parent's car+accidentally driving to Utah and jamming out to classical music = Epic fucking night . 
Fuck yes ! It's October : ) 30 days until Halloween . 
Just applied at McDonald's . So much for being a non-conformist : | 
I hate the dentist . 
Fucking power outage . I have biographies to watch ! 
Happy birthday , Bro-ha . Welcome to the worst seven years of your life . 
Happy birthday , mom . Happy 50th anniversary Flintstones . 
Marilyn Manson's biography is going to be on Bio : ) I'm real excited . 
" Well you got caught with a flat , well , how ' bout that ? Well , babies , don't you panic . By the light of the night it'll all seem alright . I'll get you a satanic mechanic . " ... because my husband is a sweet transvestite from Transexual , Transylvania . 
Taking my nieces and nephew trik or treating . Well , I'm holding the coats ... 
'' When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky . '' 
I just lost the game ; ) 
I love the History Channel's Halloween specials :) 
Bitchy people , go back to bed . Thanks . 
There's a giant pizza mascot at my nephew's school . I wonder if they know how many children will be traumatized . 
Is adult entertainment killing our children ? Or is killing our children entertaining our adults ? 
It seems baby Jesus has blessed Colorado with a hurricane . 
Juliet is up in Heaven . A pocket full of pills . And Jesus drives to Mexico to get her prescription filled . 
Jou ma se poes in ' n fishpaste jar . 
The phoenix must burn to emerge . 
Actually , Christmas is a Pagan holiday and Jesus probably hates you for celebrating it . 
Vote backwards is etov . 
I hate schoooool . 
They took my rings , they took my Rolex . I looked at the brotha , said " Damn , what's next ? " 
Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it . 
Warrior period . Because all warriors are forced to spend 20 minutes of their lunch staring at a wall . 
Vuil-geboosted gangsta ! 
Oh my gosh . My coke tastes like beer . Shit's fucked up . 
The new fad is posting videos of yourself killing animals . Go humanity : | 
Dear Otep , 
I would certainly buy your merchandise if it didn't require a credit card . 
Love , Cortney . 
Gawsh . 
My friends are the douchiest of them all . Thank you for blowing me off . 
I feel so realish realish realish . 
I hate school . 
I hate you , Colorado . It's way too cold . 
Happy birthday Marilyn Manson : ) 42 years of epicness . 
No more internet after today :'( 
" They are the carrier of our secret life , and for this we shall hate them , revile them , and destroy them , for they have comitted the most heinous of offenses . They remind us of some aspect of ourselves we cannot bear to see . " 
