something disturbing !!! 
I think I'm getting sick gross 
i've been up all night !! 
homework time again 
at western tonight trying to finish an essay 
finally its time to head to class ! haha 
school was good this morning but i'm not liking that long break in between my classes today ! 
Court in the Morning , so not looking forward to it ! 
yes finally today is my friday and i only have 2 classes left today . hit me up ! 
ohh what to do , what to do tonight ? Happy New Year Everybody ! 
heading off to the concert !!! 
it's a great feeling when one persons wednesday is also a friday 
well gotta go and drop these peeps off the head to god knows where lol 
School today 
i'm liking all my classes so far but japanese could be a pain for me 
finally home hahaha 
i should probably get to work and focus on my school work ! 
i hate essays ! 
UFC 121 ! 
on facebook at school . i really should start on my math homework !! 
i need to find some more pictures 
i'm getting the hang of my classes finally 
right so still tring to figure out whats going on today 
well good night everyone its my friday tomorrow ! 
i want tomorrw to go by really fast 
just got fall out new vegas today can't wait to play 
homework time ! 
today is the day that i win it big ! 
tired very very tired 
homework is so mind numbing its ridiculous but it has to get done 
i need something to do tonight !!! 
hahaha wow i'm in a really good mood right now ! 
man it's my friday 
hit me up 360-393-0697 
it is amazing the things you can buy on the internet ! 
i feel like these 2 people are stalking me a little bit with my quiz taking hahaha 
i can not believe i'm still awake 
hahaha i am soo happy right now i just found my coat that has been lost for a while now lol 
i guess i'll catch up on my shows 
it was a really good night last night but got to get back to reality and finish up my homework . 
darn it didn't win that mega million this time but i'm feeling pretty soon its gunna happen ! 
well court went well today i think hahaha 
its getting quite late but i'm still wide awake 
it looks like its time for bed !!! 
watchin conan the barbarian great stuff . 
Tomorrow is gunnar be really good 
Tonight should get Interesting 
Is having trouble falling a sleep ! ! 
I guess its just a sleep day again nothing else reallly to do . 
Cobra lounge feeling good 
i woke up wayy to early today !!!! 
soo bored 
Soo Pissed right now ! 
my night is going good so far ! 
i need to go out tonight ! 
its time for some much need fun in the sun kind of day !! 
having no chat on facebook really sucks lol 
had a really good night last night hope tonight turns out just as good lol 
trying to get a job today 
ray you bastard 
tonight has been a good night not as great as some but still good and better then i thought it would be . 
i think its time for me to start my day 
first day of work went well 
today wasn't to bad i had fun lol 
the weekend is almost here i can't wait for it to start 
its been a good night so far the only down side is work tomorrow morning ! 
shit i'm Soo confused about my life all i know is that i gotta get ready for friday & saturday!!!' 
i hate not having chat avaliable to talk to some people 
Sooo Tired !! 
a lot went on this weekend , tons of good stuff too . 
the improvathon was a success we had a great time , wish more people will go next year with us . 
its been a long day and i'm tired , but court went okay in a lot of debt now thou wish me luck to try and pay that off . 
think i might go on a walk 
haha i finally shaved my beard off , man it took forever ! 
this weekend sounds like its gunna be starting off pretty good ! 
and so ends the last day of my job hopefully i'll be able to get another one soon 
tonight should be another good night out , but for me right now i think i'm just gunna sit back and relax . 
kids these days !? 
its 5:55 
What to do on a sunday night ? Cobra lounge anyone ? 
time for bed tonight was good , but tomorrow is always the day that i could make better , then yesterday the past its already went and gone so fast . 
Watching my all time favorite movie " Little Shop of Horrors " , great stuff haha 
finally get to see the new harry potter , watching it right now still trying to watch afterwards maybe danyal tosh happy thoughts or maybe watch a knights tale tough choice ha . 
the upfront was good tonight very funny , great show !! 
i probably should eat something , not feelin to good 
big batta boom ! 
upfront tonight ! hmm maybe birch bay who knows ? 
just got to birch bay from downtown bellingham now just chillin with my older sister 
i suppose its bed time 
okay well maybe not bedtime i'm still way to awake for that , i'm just bored watching the food channel haha 
its such a nice day today 
feelin pretty tired but thats good , today was a very nice lazy day ! 
only 4 hours of sleep might as well just get up and do something . made breakfast for me pete and megan , probably gunna do the dishes next then head over to get my nephew ! 
i think i need another more stable job ! 
not gunna lie i'm pretty bored about to watch the rings of lord 
Let's see who truly reads my status . You and I wake up in a psychiatric ward together . Using FOUR words only , what would you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 4 words is harder than you think ) 
getting kinda tired and pretty bored and i got 45 more pages to read . maybe a nap will help . 
tonight was a good night i haven't had this much fun in a while . 
went to the upfront tonight had a good time , chillin at my moms now up with the family . 
i am So craving some lumpia right about now :( that sounds hella dank 
Happy Mothers Day to all you mothers out there ! 
