im like in love w/ my new profile pic- THX JACOB !!! :) :) 
has Anime Fever- I Love it ! 
watchin the vma's 
I'm BORED ! 
AHHHHHHH !!!! - everyone stop bailing on me ! 
Dammit- couldnt get skinny jeans- im pissed now 
LOL !!! - last night was so fun- went skating and got skinny jeans ! - thx cassidy and brandon :) 
Staying up tonight w/ church-BLECHHH- but hangin w/ Cassidy at the same time :) 
is swamped 
WHERE IS EVERYONE ?!! :( 
tired- bored 
Haha- Happy Halloween everyone !!! =) 
Anyone goin to the mall ? 
ummmmm ...... is sunlight supposed to burn ? 
let this show that i do not agree cassidy- jk :) 
is with the awesomest person in the entire freakin ' world Cassidy Alexis Campbell 
Just finished drivers ed- cant wait for tomorrow =) 
( in song ) i like traffic lights i like traffic lights i like traffic lights but only when they're green i like traffic lights i like traffic lights i like traffic lights but not when they're red 
If you had practically no social life , what would you do to not be bored ? 
school tomorrow- tired/excited/nervous 
blahhhh 
I FEEL SOOOOOOOOO F-ING LOVED !!!!! - THANKS EVERYONE !!!!! :)))) 
hello i am deion and i like to eat feet they r my favorite food ever !!!!!!! 
thx everyone for the happy b-days 
PEOPLE OF THE EARTH- I AM REPTAR !! - HEAR ME ROAR !!!!!!!!! 
haha- yesterday was so fun !! - im like radiating happiness now :) 
Ok- to all those people out there who like somebody but will never let them know that- unless you have a REALLY good reason for that then you should just tell them . take the leap because thats what life is all about- risks- who cares if they dont like you back- it doesnt mean nobody will ever like you 
when all around you crumbles- what can you do but laugh- thinking how you always knew it would happen- hahahahahahaha 
How about everyone just piss off- if u have to ask if that means you then yes it does 
dont you even start to think that just because youre ignoring me means that you wont have to deal with me again- because u are quite wrong 
I need to make $150 in one day and i dont have a job T.T 
saying goodbye to facebook- if ur a real friend of mine youll have my number so we can stay in contact- well goodbye world 
sigh 
haha guilty http://chatter.com/a/ccj0e?ref=nf 
It'd be nice if i had at least one friend that didnt turn their back on me ... 
MY PHONE IS BEING GAYYY !!! 
is it me or are all of the guys on this website just looking to get some ? http://chatter.com/a/cbrii?ref=nf 
