WOW there is actualy a college for " medical " marijuana ;-) 
What a beautifull day tryin to enjoy it kinda hard when my face keeps swelling up , stupid sinus infection please go away i dont enjoy pain or looking like a cabbage patch doll lol 
wanting wayne to call in so we can spend this beautifull day with all of us together , im a little selfish today ;-) 
Off to have my mri hope i dont trip out i hate small spaces 
JAYDEN HAD A GREAT 1ST DAY OF SCHOOL I AM SO PROUD OF MY BIG BOY NOW HE IS EATING AND BEING SO GOOD :-) 
Its been a good bday so far thanks everyone for the birthday wishes :-) 
regrets not enrolling jayden in private school im still waiting on the woman at the school board to call and tell me which school he will be going to 
My landlord just gave me a $200 bill for a puppy we have had for 2 weeks and told me i had to get rid of it , it was one of my sons bday presents what to do , what to do 
I am so sick i think i have food poisoning 
WOOHOO ITS SUMMERTIME ! its sooo hot though lol ;-) 
Ok so im having a major frizz crisis lol anybody know of good products that arent real expensive and work 
I need something else to get me through this semi-charmed kinda life 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ??? This is so true and very sad . 
JUST WANTS TO GO BACK TO SLEEP IN SO MUCH PAIN FROM DRY SOCKET N LIL MAN DONT UNDERSTAND 
goodnight all hope everyone has a happy easter !! 
PLAYING WITH JAYDEN AT MOMS 
Sitting here watching the cma's with my baby 
AIN'T IT FUNNY HOW ONE SONG CAN CHANGE UR ENTIRE MOOD 
my brother just came in from cali and totaly suprised me , best suprise in years !!!!!!!!! 
ME AND JAYDEN NOT FEELIN TO GOOD ANYONE KNOW OF A GOOD REMEDY FOR COUGH N RUNNY NOSE FOR MY LIL MAN HE IS SO CONGESTED 
had a great easter with my lil man and all my family . happy easter everyone 
So yea just brought mandy home and there are cops everywhere apparently her neighbor just stabbed her boyfriend gotta love bristol effin crazy mofos 
OFF TO ENJOY THIS BEAUTIFULL DAY WITH MY LIL MAN 
Im trying to go to sleep but cant havent slept well for days starting to feel a little like im tripin lol 
In honor of 4/20/2010 i feel the need for some sublime a mountain road and a lil something something who is with me lol ? 
Its a new day a new dawn im over it , its time to hold my head up high and move on ! 
HAPPY EARTH DAY ! WE ALL NEED TO TREAT MOTHER EARTH BETTER FOR OUR FUTURE 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for 10 minute ones with the door open , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing !! With Mother's day drawing near let's see how many moms repost this . 
Just cant seem to get motivated today 
IF U R NOT WATCHIN SNL U SHOULD BE BETTY WHITE IS THE BEST LOL 
SOOO HAPPY TO HAVE MY PHONE WORKING AGAIN IVE BEEN LOST WITHOUT IT LOL 
Sitting here sooo bored and confused , not a good combo lol 
Here we go again everything is white love it but please go away my lil brother is coming home and i cant be stuck 
hangin with my lil man on this beautifull day , tryin to decide between the lake or mountains maybe both 
woohoo got my phone and internet back finally i have been so lost without them lol 
WHY CNT I SLEEP LATELY , I THINK IM LOSIN MY MIND ! LOL 
Lost in a moment of clarity 
Off to do my class for the day im sooo distracted though i just walked into a wall lol 
I got some much needed sleep today j went to nanas and now im ready to do something ;-) 
you turn away just when i needed you the most ( YOU know who YOU are ) 
a little heartbroken at the moment and not real sure why 
WISHING I WAS ANYWHERE BUT BRISTOL WHAT IS WRONG THE PEOPLE IN THIS TOWN :-P 
Doin some major soul searching 
Today WILL be a GOOD day ;-) 
Does anybody know of a good CHEAP place to get fireworks ? 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!! 
Trying to figure out what me n jayden can get into on this rainy day . 
Is having one of those days where it feels like i could burst into tears at any moment and not sure why 
Ok so i cant think of anything ive ever done for karma to be kickin my ass this hard right now 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE HOPE U HAVE A GREAT ONE AND APPRECIATE THIS WONDERFULL GIFT OF BEING A MOMMY 
Tired of listening to people whine and complain about life sux when in all actuality they bring it on themselves with the choices they make and the things they let consume them . LIFE IS WHAT U MAKE IT ! its not about the material bs that seems to be what people care most . K done ranting lol everyone smile and have a great day ;-) 
my heart is a little broken i had forgotten how much it truely hurts 
So i think ill try this thing called sleep again :-P 
MERRY CHRISTMAS !!!! It couldnt be better its a white christmas and my lil brother is here and there's a new baby girl . LIFE IS GOOD =) 
" Maybe ur gonna be the one that saves me cause after all ur my wonderwall " dont know why but ive been up since 7 and this song has been stuck in my head from the moment i woke up 
Why does happiness elude me so ? :-| 
WHAT TO DO , WHAT TO DO ? 
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO ALL THE DADS HOPE ITS A GOOD ONE ! 
Lil man just went with daddy i think ill go back to bed i feel crappy :-P 
i think my child has found a secret sugar stash somewhere he is bouncin off the walls litteraly lol where do they get all this energy 
so life is sooo confusing of maybe it's im just easily confused lol 
WHAT A LIFE ! enough said . :-D 
OMG why has my child decided that 4 am is a good time to get up and demand breakfast 
May the sun bring u new energy by day . May the moon softly restore u by night . May the rain wash away ur worries . May the breeze blow new strength into ur being . May u walk through the world and know its beauty all the days of ur life ! 
UP WITH MY LIL MAN SICK AGAIN LOOKS LIKE WE ARE GOIN TO THE DOC ASAP PLEASE KEEP MY POOR BABY IN YOUR PRAYERS HE SO SICK :( 
Im calling bullsh*t on this whole day lol 
Has anyone heard anything about a reunion for central's class 2000 let me know if so got a couple people who would like to know 
Trying to figure out where to take my lil man for halloween anybody have any ideas on what to do in bristol or blountville area 
You've got to find your balance . You've got to realize . You've got to try to find whats right befor your eyes . And if you find you've fallen and all your grace is gone . Just scream for me and ill be what you're falling on . 
thinkin way to much need a drink and a lake now ! 
WOOHOO ITS SUMMERTIME ! 
Ok my lil man is still going full force since 8:30 am and hasnt listened to a word all day im about to lose my mind grrr my brain hurts lol 
headed to bed night yall im sure ill be back in couple hours still cant sleep grrr :-P 
My poor baby is sooo sick we been up all night :-( 
WOW there is seriously a infomercial for a penis pump on channel 11 i know some of u who might want to check it out ;-) 
Wow eventfull day cops and emts and news crews oh my lol goodnight all have a good one :-) 
Got my lil man to his first day of pre-k he done great mommy was the upset one lol my baby is so grown up :-( 
at moms cooking out for my step-dads bday . watching jayden run around crazy he loves being at mammaw and pappaw's 
I need a hobby , open to suggestions how do you wake up bored lol 
Ok so i just caught myself sittin here watchin a infomercial for 80s rock ballads and enjoying it i think the no sleep is gettin to me lol 
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! here's to a hell of a year gone and 2011 is gonna be my year of change hope everyone has a good one be safe love ya ;-) 
Put my tender heart in a blender watch it spin around to a beautifull oblivian , rendevoux then im through with you 
way to much on my mind need a drink and a lake now ! 
OMG what is happening to this world there was a shooting at Central our children arent safe anywhere what sad sad world we live in 
thinkin way to much i need a drink and a lake like now !!! 
Up again i never sleep at night anymore , maybe im a vampire hehe ;-) 
needs to surround myself with some new intelligent people any takers lol ;-) 
Layin here watchin get him to the greek . I want a jeffery lol this movie is so funny 
Wonders why at job interviews they totaly look down upon bein a stay at home mom ? Dont they realize that is a 24/7 , job with no sick time or vacations . 
Is wondering where time went ill be 28 wednesday and i swear i just turned 21 a couple years ago lol it sux i dont want to be a grown up :-P 
Cant help but wonder what could have been had i not been so blind 
So cant sleep again sittin here at like 5am watching america's funniest videos thinkin i should seriously submit some stuff i think i could win some much needed cash lol or may i just need sleep lol 
MY LIL MAN TURNS 4 TOMMOROW HE IS GETTING SO BIG :) 
Got the christmas tree up Jayden was so happy he is just to precious been a good day with my lil man and my love :-) 
Wow my baby goes thursday to meet with the pre-school people ! Where did time go he is gettin so big " sniffels " :-( Whatever will i do with all that free time when he starts school lol 
GOIN TO WATCH MONSTER TRUCKS WITH MY LIL MAN N SOME FRIENDS 
its rainy and im so bored i think i should lay of the quizes though lol 
my lil man starts pre -k friday and he is still up playin his xbox 360 he got for his bday that may have been a mistake lol 
I use to be a superhero no one could touch me not even myself and you are like a phonebooth that i somehow stumbled into now look at me im just like everybody else 
Need some excitement in my life ;-) 
My lil man got in trouble today for playing guns with his hand at school :-( like he is gonna shoot somebody with his fingers lol 
So im thinkin this weekend if anybody knows of a for sure road block give the heads up lol some of us got our license suspended over a 20 dollar ticket that was forgotten about . Gotta love virginia lol 
Got jayden off to school my poor baby is not a morning person just like his mommy lol :-) 
I created the sound of madness . wrote the book on pain still im here somehow to explain that your darkest hour never comes in the night 
Had a good day so far a nice breakfast with my aunt and meme which i dont see nearly enough hope the rest of the day goes so smooth 
What doesnt kill you is gonna leave a scar 
Ok so my son got this lil pirate costume the other day it had a clip on gold ear ring in it now he is walkin around with it on his nose and wanting me to draw him on a fake tatoo yep he is definately mine lmao 
I seriously need a night out 
There should be laws on how stupid a person can be im not trying to be mean just sayin =) 
Wish i was headed to knoxville miss those VOLS games . 
Let the halloween ( is it sad that i just had to sing the halloween song to remember how to spell it lol ) let the celebration begin I LOVE this holiday 
Life goes on my spirit will no longer be caged i am FREE ! 
Beautifull day daddy took off with my car so i think me and jayden will walk to the park lord knows i need the exercise lol 
When i look into your eyes the search is over you were with me all the while 
What to do , What to do for my bday ? Really what is there to do in bristol ? lol 
Would you forgive me love if i cried in your shower , would u forgive me love for the salt in your bed , would you forgive me love if i cried all afternoon . 
THANKS EVERYBODY the screen is kinda blury so i guess it was a pretty good bday and mammaw took j to the circus today was a good day 
woohoo yet another CT tommorow im getting enough radiation i should glow in the dark soon how awesome would that be lol ;-) 
Just another manic monday ! 
Gettin ready for trick or treats with my lil man gonna hit blountvegas i guess lets go terrorize some of the old neighborhoods lol ;-) 
Part of being a proud person is knowin sometimes u have to swallow your pride 
OMG its new years eve and i actually have a babysitter now what to do what to do ? 
So went to the doc and she has no idea whats wrong just that my kidneys are not working right and not getting proper blood flow so another CT scan on the 12th i wish they would figure this out im kinda freakin out 
Can somebody tell me who won the TN game had to leave to get ready for trick or treating missed the end of the game but had a blast with jayden he loved it goin to a couple more trunk or treats tommorow he already has like two bags of candy and we are wore out i feel old lol 
Wow u would think they were calling for armegedon instead of snow people are effin crazy its just snow people chill lol 
You see things and say WHY ? But I dream things that never were and say WHY NOT ? 
Love the snow gettin ready to go play in it with my lil man he is beyond excited :) 
Happy Thanksgiving hope everyone has a great one 
I am so over all bs single life is looking pretty freakin sweet right now 
Thanks yall have kept me entertained with all the songs since cable went out not to mention brought back soo many awesome memories :-) 
Feeling a little better today thank god praying that they find whats going on and i dont have to start dialysis for my kidneys 
Sitting here with jayden watching cartoons my poor lil man dont feel good :-( 
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass ; its about learning to dance in the rain ! =) 
LOVE HURTS BUT SOMETIMES ITS A GOOD HURT AT LEAST IT LETS ME KNOW IM ALIVE 
" Kids . Hey they are not easy but there has to be some penalty for sex " lol ; ) 
Tryin to get motivated im determined today will be a great day ! :) 
Got my phone back on thank god im lost without my phone lol call me if u got the number 
well doc appointment didnt go so good looking like im going to have to have a hysterectomy and kidneys are only at 70 percent now , thats down more than last time so they are only getting worse . ok so im trying to look at this optimisticly but having a hard time doing it . 
K if anybody knows of a GOOD doctor please let me know im open for suggestions 
" We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars " - Oscar Wilde 
WooHoo 2011 my life is now a bullshit free zone if you feel the need to unload yours please do it elsewhere thanks lol ;-) 
Im ready bring on the SNOW !!! 
Is getting a bad case of spring fever i need river bank and a drink stat =) 
Breath , Breath in the air . Dont be afraid to care . Leave but dont leave me . Look around and choose your own ground . For long you live and high you fly . And smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry . And all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be . - Pink Floyd 
Off to the doctor again later to get the latest CT results sooo nervous i hope its not bad news again could use some prayers 
Does anybody know of a GOOD place to get your hair done around bristol 
Had so much fun today with my two favorite guys jayden loves fun expedition 
May the sun bring you new energy by day . May the moon softly restore you by night . May the rain wash away your worries . May the breeze blow new strength into your being . May you walk through the world and know its beauty all the days of your life . 
Lovin the sunshine cant wait till SPRING !! 
Heart is shattered yet again not so sure it will mend this time just feel lost =°( 
" And now the purple dusk of twilight time steals across the meadows of my heart High up in the sky the little stars climb always reminding me that we are apart You wander down the lane and far away leaving me a song that will not die Love is now the stardust of yesterday the music of the years gone by " 
" There's a hard life for every silver spoon , There's a touch of grey for every shade of blue , Thats the way that I see life , If there was nothing WRONG , Then there'd be nothing RIGHT . " 
Im so proud of my lil man he has went almost 2 weeks without gettin in trouble at school i think only being in pre-k and already having to go to the office for time out may have worked lol what can i say he is my lil wild child as he says lol ;-) 
Everybody please say a prayer for my cousin chelsea bridwell she was in a bad wreck and is in icu thanks 
HAPPY ST . PATTY'S DAY !! 
HAPPY ST . PATRICKS DAY ! May the luck o ' the Irish be with you all 
Out on the farm grillin out i love it out here its so peacefull and beautifull here 
Such a beautifull day headed to the park with jayden 
Goin on field trip with jayden 16 pre-k kids making pizza this should be interesting lol then to the library lil man is so excited its to cute =) 
Ok so daddy got jayden a guinea pig he loves it , me not so much lol oh well guess its time to get over my fear of rodents 
