thinks that if we are what we eat , there's been a few too many people munching on assholes around here ! 
is on the mend :) 
is dragging Steves sorry arse out of the house 
is SO ready for Nine Inch Nails AND Janes addiction YEEEE HAWWWW 
is sorely missing a good Hawkes Bay summer ... whats this raining shit ? 
sunshine hot hot hot beaches swimming cocktails vino vino vino aaaahhh this is the life 
need sto find a cat-monster sitter while she is in Croatia ... any takers , he doesnt scratch ... much 
should NEVER be left at home alone with large amounts of chocolate 
is a bit freaked out 
is so grateful for everyones birthday wishes .. Thank you ! :) 
needs a hug 
forgot all about blanket man , is he still around wellys ? 
YAY Im gonna get fixed ! 
cant remember if she ate the biscuit ...? 
needs to find a cat-monster sitter while she is in Croatia ... any takers ? he doesnt scratch ... much 
is all biscuit binged out , time for a rest :) 
why am i watching X Factor ??? 
anyone got a spare £6k ? 
is wondering if she should move to Australia .. and how to convince Steve ! 
has a new look 
why is everone having babies ? Is it a baby boom ? 
let it snow let it snow let it snow :) 
I took a walk on a council estate and thought i saw a robin red breast it turned out to be a pigeon with a knife wound 
went ice skating at Somerset House ! 
from us fulla's to you's fulla's , merry christmas !!! love S&S , B&B xxx 
wishes you a very merry Christmas ! 
Hot Pink ! 
has booked flights to Venice ! 
My fine is £680.60 
is homesick for New Zealand today :( 
I just heard on the news that gangs are now using dogs instead of knives , I tried this and my toast was very hairy . 
likes to strip off , open and lick , and likes it long and hard 
dreaming of a warm climate ... 
is wearing a wig , sillies ! 
excessive consumption of champagne last night seemed like such a good idea at the time .... 
did the macarena with a llama in your bathroom because Im sexy and I do what I want 
loves her greens :-P 
is not suprised NHS staff get private healthcare 
dont wanna leave Venice !!!!!!!! 
has tickets to Download !!! Life is good 
has tickets to Download AND will have new eyes ! Life is really good ! 
teaching Grandma how to use Facebook 
- Pub ? Ah , yes , a meeting place where people attempt to reach advanced states of mental incompetence by the repeated consumption of fermented vegetable drinks 
doesnt need glasses or contacts anymore :) 
and Steve celebrating 9 years today :) 
is getting excited about Venice with Steve <3 
absolutely amazing sunset 
loving northern England 
happy happy happy joy joy joy 
if you ar whwat you eat , then i am VERY SWEET ; ) 
has seen a koala in the wild , random kangaroos boxing next to a holiday lodge , dolphins swimming next to surfers , kookaburras laughing , pretty galahs and other beautiful birds , amazing beaches , seafood and a hazy wine fuelled week ... this is heaven 
bye bye bendon and brenda- london wont be the same without you :( 
is not coming out until the sun does 
did the British 10km run today , only managed to fall over once 
Money is the root of all evil ! Give me yours and save yourself !! 
anyone know of a nice quiet spot where no one can hear someone scream ? 
Happy Friday ! Loving the sunshine :) 
' s nana posted her 6 packets of TimTams ... and she is at home alone with them all ... this can only get messy 
is going to be better tomorrow ! dammit ! 
New York New York , love it ! <3 
is on her way to see This way of Life at Barbican :) 
needs you to sponsor her now ! The great British 10k run is this coming Sunday ! Even a little will help :) 
Happy Easter ! 
just had an hour deep tissue massage and is more sore than before ... whats that about ??? 
drinks on Saturday , whos coming ? 
wants a bushbaby 
has two work trials next week , wish me luck :) 
Say what you want and be who you are , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . - Dr Seuss 
no more drunk calling to nz on my mobile ! if i call you , hang up ! otherwise ill have to stay here longer to pay off my mobile bills :) 
Clearly , there's no excuse for my behavior , so I'm drinking until I have one . 
intoxicated again 
keep spilling champagne on the cat 
happy happy joy joy 
no hot water for a week ! 
weather is a perfect excuse for splashing in puddles in my most excellent gumboots :) 
started off the evening with a shot of tequila ... 
its nearly festival time !!!! 
my hair my hair my hair ! 
TOO MUCH AWESOME 
is missing Kristens cocktails ! 
is loving the weekend :) 
64 hour week . Must sleep . 
needs you to sponsor her now ! The great British 10k run is next week ! Even a little will help :) 
is getting her husband to iron all her clothes ha ha 
HARD ROCK CALLING HERE I COME ! 
and the flatmate nightmare continues ... anyone can give us free legal advice ? 
Cushions , garden , great book and Pimms with plenty of sunshine- beats being in a crowded pub watching England lose ! MWA HA HA HAAAA 
is savouring the last week of her twenties ... 
' s last night out in Shoreditch ... this could get messy 
<3 FESTIVALS 
oops I just accepted two different jobs ! 
Pearl Jam tomoroow Wahoo ! Ive been waiting for this for hmmmm ... 16 years . 
theres too much month at the end of my money :( 
THANKS EVERYONE ! You guys are sweet XXX 
Who said finding a rental in Auckland was impossible ? We found a really good one ! 
ugh drunk on a monday . nice . / 
bring on the weekend ! 
Hello Wellington ! 
All Blacks are awesome and Steve is very happy :) 
fuck 
Where shall we live ? Wellington ? Tauranga ? Auckland ? 
never trust your flatmates when it comes to money ! 
is on a shopping expedition , followed by The Soho Hotel for afternoon tea :) 
was productive despite being a sickie , whipped up some drawings in bed :) .. a bit rusty though ! Need some practice ! Anyone want me to draw them ??? 
afternoon tea again ? its a hard life ... 
finally arrived in Sydney ... looking forward to two weeks of mayhem :) 
<3 Turk ? ye ! So hot and relaxed ... shopp ? ng ... eat ? ng ... dr ? nk ? ng ( the w ? ne ? s good ! ) beaches ... sw ? mm ? ng ... h ? story and ru ? ns , myths and legends ... great company and new fr ? ends , couldnt be happ ? er r ? ght now :D 
Last day of holiday ! New job starts tomorrow :) 
is in Feilding for a limited time only ! 
A foolish man tells a woman to shut up . A wise man tells her her mouth is extremely beautiful when closed . :D 
has just found a load of lumps up her back ? Oh yeah ! It's a SPINE ! 
Cant wait to see my long lost friends ! 
last day in London ... 
Bye to all my London peeps ! We are gonna miss you all !!! 
has been in a helicopter to a retreat for Traceys big 3-0 and had blssful hours of dear friends , massage , swimming in geothermal pools , five course dining , five bottles of wining , jealous much ? 
Hawkes Bay on Tuesday- just for the day . Wellington on Wednesday ! You fulla's better be ready ! 
New Zealand is the best x 
sydney is awesome and i am drunk again 
fabulous weather , fabulous friends , fabulous weekend 
where are all the sheep ? 
Mulk 
freaking loves L.A ! 
is loving Auckland 
loving the forecast for a long hot summer ! 
Wishing my friends and family a safe and happy Christmas ! 
Life is good 
babies babies everywhere 
I want Oysters , with shallot vinegar and a glass of Pol Roger 
saw the new year in with great friends , swimming , drinkies and loads of sunshine , glow worms and shooting stars , Hot Water beach , Hahei beach , Cathedral Cove , Kaiate Falls . I hope you all had a great start to the new year too ! 
There are some very special people in New Plymouth 
has four interviews lined up- nervously hoping somebody wants me ! 
spent two hours this afternoon getting paid to taste wine :) I love my job ! 
I love my friends x 
loves being with her Wellington peeps ! 
is the boggle master ! 
is now friends with a dog on facebook 
loved shooting her family at Laserstrike , especially Steve ! 
is off to see Queens of the Stone Age tonight :D 
My heart goes out to everyone involved by the latest quake ... hope everyone is ok 
is missing her friends :( 
Steve is employed ! 
is getting really excited to have a home at the end of this week , its been 6 months of living out of our suitcase ! 
loves seeing pukekos every day ! 
looking forward to Melissa's Hen Party tonight ! 
The Shak is Back ! 
