I'm loooooooking for a job !!! 
-heads will roll ... 
tengo hambre 
I finally did it ... 
I just read that someone would trust me with their life ! wow ...! 
I was finally able to sleep the whole night , nonstop , straight , like a baby ... but with nightmares again :-( 
:'( me traume ... 
Suddenly , I slowly begin to feel the feel of becoming alive ... 
much too long - the sounds 
Yesterday I saw the movie Volver , and I have to say that Almodovar's films are so something else . 
el sandwich estaba super bueno ! que mala onda que ya se me acabo el pan :( 
waiting to see what's up ... 
tengo sed y ganas de hacer de la pipi ... 
tengo sed y me esta empezando a doler la maceta ! Ya se ! me estoy deshidratando :-( chale ... y apenas son las 8 y no se que de la mañana ... 
somebody is going to kill me after all the tagging i did :D 
Mi corazon ha latido ... 944,888,210 veces .... <- tambien contara la taquicardia y el alta presion ? 
andaba cocinando unos nopalitos con chile y los estaba friendo cuando paso lo que pasa cuando uno frie el chile ... comence a tocer , a estornudar ... Abri puertas y ventanas , prendi los ventiladores y despues de estar tratando de respirar dentro de mi depa con una toalla cubriendome la boca y la nariz por unos 15 min .... ya puedo respirar libremente ... casi me ahogaba ! 
I'm super tired and hungry ! I'm debating between going home ( 15 min walk ) and eat or just buy something here at school and eat once i get out of work ... and then come back for class @ 6 ... :-( . If I leave , I might not come back ... 
A year ago ... around this time ... maybe ... in an hour ... ... i received the call ... that said ... that my grandma had passed away ... 
acto #1 : Voy a la tienda a comprar un refresco . acto #2 : tomo un vaso y le hecho sprite . acto #3 : me doy cuenta que le falta hielo y se le hecho . acto #4 : vuelvo a hecharle refreso al vaso y me doy cuanta que lo llene de coke en vez de sprite . Tengo una revoltura de sprite y coke . Digo , " oh whatever " Como se llamo la obra ? - Sleep deprived . 
I'm super hungry and I'd love some subway please !!!! Italian , toasted , with peperjack cheese , all ingredients + spinach and parmessan and oregano ... and mayonese and mustard !!!!!!! 
Listening to The Ting Tings radio in Pandora , transplanting my plants into bigger pots , and cleaning up my apartment ! This is truly relaxating ! 
tengo sed ... 
" Do what the Buddhists do . Everyday , have a little bird on your shoulder that asks , ' Is today the day ? Am I ready ? Am I doing all I need to do ? Am I being the person I want to be ? " - Morrie Schwartz 
on my way home home home hoooooooooooome !!! 
I'm hungry ! Somebody has to bring me something to eat ! 
" and suddely , it will only take so little to finally tear you down ... in the least expected moment ... " 
I want water ! 
I'm going grocery shopping !!! = ] aw ! so exciting ! 
I must keep focus !!! 
is not very positive about today's exam . I've got a feeling the result is not going to be good . I cannot find my power words . 
Spend a super fun night partying and meeting some super cool individuals !!! 
Nunca plancho y el dia que plancho me quemo con la plancha ! 
" Si porque te quiero quieres , quieres que te quiera mas ? " 
Se me estrello un huevo ! 
como se dice " acilo " en ingles ? 
I decided to walk to school on high heels today , and let's just say that after 15 minutes walking , it started to hurt and started to notice how hot the cement and asphalt can get . 
ya me enoje 
Ya casi voy a ver el macabro resultado -.- 
I'm so curious ... : ) 
so yeah ... curiousity killed the cat and it killed me too ... uhmm now let's just look forward ! and focus ! 
Porfin se le hizo al Corralejo ! Y ... todavia no aguanto el tequila :'( 
I lost my phone ! 
Just ate a delicious Turkey Supreme Wrap ! 
So by the end of the day ... i met someone who enlightened my life and made me smile an laugh without any hard tries . 
I should not have drank coffee this morning after not sleeping well last night ! agrrrrr now i'm anxious !!!! not possitively . 
So ... everytime I plan to cook something , I always end up missing some of the ingredients ! So ... I guess that I have to go to the store ... that's not good . 
Stop me . 
I think that I have found a good masters program : ) 
" You came back to haunt me and I realized you were an island and I passed you by ... " 
Do to an error in my farmville spreadsheet ... i have invested on a product that will not give me as much profit ...................... but ! it will give me more experience ... 
Ayer le puse sus shots de tequila a todas las cajitas y las calaveras de los muertitos ... y se me quedo mi botella de tequila destapada ... por ahi hubo un muertito alcoholico que vino y se hecho la botella ! 
yum ! Ahora si que como dice Dora la Exploradora , " Deliciosooooooooo ! " hehehe 
Me corte mi fleco :D 
J'aime Novembre ! 
Has a light headache and is thirsty . 
Could be dancing at the club ... but isn't : ( ... 
And so I walked across the street .... happily with hot pink and red bright ... 
Facebook is giving me a hard time to go anywhere in my network ! I can't even check my inbox ! 
Me rehuso a estar enferma ! 
Amazin ! I just found someone who's named like me ( Anel ) and he's a guy from Russia ... 
Is a bit frustrated by the lack of cultural awareness and narrow mindiness of some individuals ... 
B-day celebration just ended right now ... : ) ! Half of the 2 litter vodka is still here ... and a tiny bit of tequila :D . Thanks to everyone who came , danced , sang , and chatted !!!! I'm really happy about this celebration ! 
" And forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair . " Khalil Gibran 
I almost got runned over by a biker ... hehe 
So ... Juan dijo que se esta divorsiando ................................ 
Now I remember why I did not like damn myspace ! 
Getting ready for a dance concert ! 
Feeling lazy ! Hungry ! Wants to eat ! But is lazy ! Wants to lay down and be warm in her bed !!!! 
Que flojera ! 
headache !!! 
is wondering about what shoes she is going to wear to school since her pair of sneakers got wet with the rain ... and that was the only pair she has here in phx ... uhm 
Una cincronizada con queso Oaxaca ... y un chocolate caliente ... like my grandma used to make it ... mhmm dear memories ... 
I need chickens for my farm ! So please ... give me some ... :D thanks ... I'm going to try to sleep . Let's hope that the upstairs neighbors deside to stop stepping so loudly ... 
" no es tan malo ser gusano , algun dia crecere y podre volar . " - Natalia Lafourcade 
Estoy cansada y el dia apenas comienza ! :-( 
serviria si lo escribo bien vdd ... " asilo " ... 
ok ... i'm going to continue with my 20 page analysis ... 5 more pages to go ... : ) ! 
The coolest thing happened to me today !!!! 
I need gummy bears to take them pictures ... 
My fingers smell green ... my mouth tastes brown ... 
Now is the time to be bold . 
Le ciel est nuageux ... 
Que Crow banned facebook in the Tempe campus ? Or is it just a lie from the State Press ? 
:'( my fish is dying ......... 
Stressed and cold !!!! 
And ! due to sleep deprivation ... i mistake ... Due with do ... 
Por andar graduandome se me hecho a perder la cosecha ! 
Merry Christmas to everyone , everywhere ... where ever you all are ! : ) 
I just got back from Tempe ... ...................... I'm glad I was able to help out ... And Jonathan ! thanks for making me some hot dogs . They were really good !!! I have to come by more often ! 
I'm hungry and i don't know what to eat ! 
" Las piedras rodando se encuentran , y tu y yo algun dia nos abremos de encontrar . Mientras tanto cuidate y que te bendiga Dios . No hagas nada malo que no hicera yo ... " ; ) hehehe 
Good Morning everyone !!!! I just woke up and there's no headache ! No thirst ! No hangover :D !!!! 
Question : When will the world end ? Answer : Unless a major catastrophe occurs beforehand , in 4.4 billion years the sun will cease to provide heat and light . 
Cellphone's off ... .... .... .... 
" Generosity is giving more than you can , and pride is taking less than you need . " - Kahlil Gibran 
Today I woke up and checked my email . I had 47 emails and I felt so happy ! It is because I had not had so many emails since classes ended . I actually went ahead and read one by one . That is something I never do . 
como cocino unas pechugas de pollo ? 
noveleando 
" Existimos porque alguien piensa en nosotros y no al revés " 
Buenas noches a todos ... digo ... dias ... que descancen : ) hehehe hasta mañana ! 
i'm hungry ! 
-.- mi feis buk empezo en español ... ! uhm ! ahorita vengo voy por unas cosillas a la tienda para empezar a hacer la cena de año nuevo :D 
I dreamed that I died ... and I saw my body laying down ... it seemed as if I was sleeping , but I was dead ... 
APURATE BELEN !!!!!!!!!! 
Wake me up at 9:30 ... thanks ... : ) 
Who is Ali Karasu ? 
Is very tired and wants to go to sleep and be super ready for the new employee orientation !!! :D 
Black 
As I was cooking some delicious chilaquiles , I realized that I have no chile ! so I gotta run to the store . Too bad the store near here does not have chiles that are hot enough ! 
Think 
Edward Jenner ( 1749 - 1823 ) , the " father of immunology , " the pioneer of smallpox vaccine , tested smallpox vaccines on his son & on neighborhood children . 
is listening impared ... is ADD ... trying to grab a hold of what's being said ... and of what's happening ... 
It was peak hour on I-17 . Suddenly , this cop enters into the freeway and makes its way onto the carpool lane quite damn fast throwing his cop car at every car on I-17 at that moment . As it's entering the carpool lane , some person in a truck is coming real fast and honks at the cop because it got on his way . When that happened I started cracking up and all I thought was " HAHA ! Que blanquillos de carbon ! " 
Getting ready to move into the Phoenix Downtown area :-) 
Oigame No ! 
Getting ready to visit my parents this weekend . : ) 
" Johann Jorg ( 1976-1823 ) swallowed 17 drugs in various doses to record their properties . " - From Human Subject Research training ... 
" Sweet & Ironic " 
Et je parle avec douleur .... 
I got a headache ~ !!! I read too much today and did not sleep well yesterday ... I'm gone for the day people ! 
will be making another facebook for work purposes ... :D that's awesome !!! 
To everyone who is starting school tomorrow , Good luck !!! You all better enjoy all that knowledge you are acquiring ! 
" you're breaking ... i can't hear ... you're breaking " 
Enjoying my windshield whipers ! 
Wants to go to Buffalo Wild Wings ! 
is eating something : ) 
i'm worried ! 
" for , Nature , far above the evil passions of men , soon recovered Her serenity , and smiled upon the guilty battle-ground as she had done before , when it was innocent . " - Charles Dickens ( from the book , The Battle of Life ) 
Parece mentira que entre tanta gente en esta ciudad no tenga a nadie con quien compartir la vista desde mi casa ... este sabado ... al mediodia ... 
I'm hungry :( 
tired !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Everyone !!! Good luck with FINALS ! and HWs and Final Projects ! Bonne chance !!!! 
I just finished my application to start with school again . As soon as I get paid , I will schedule an appointment to take my GRE and off I go again ! :-D 
" He's off the map , he's off the map " - Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind film . 
She wants to become a Qi Gong Master ... 
" Are those beans ? " - No , their lentils 
Why can't I adopt the damn brown cow ?! I want a brown cow NOW ! 
Heading to my class ... : ) 
Finally , I'm fixing all my paintings . 
I woke up in the different dimension in this world today - : ) 
los traductores automáticos del uhmmm no son buenos nunca necesitan siempre pellizcar 
a la meme ! 
So , I think - There's no way out ... There's no where to run ... My only way is to go forward , straight ... strong ... I ask myself ... many things that make me doubt , but there's really no option but to go on . 
looking forward to coachella ( 4/16 - 4/18) ! 
a gypsy is a member of a wandering race 
The rain is chasing me and something is burning at south phx 
73% of our heart is composed by water . 
I don't know what the science is behind the color quiz , but every time I take it , it's just accurate . 
Estoy empezando a traducir mis poemas del Ingles al Español . : ) 
Sometimes is just that , life-changing karma that i brought upon myself . 
I had some blood drawn today and the nurse couldn't find my thin vain so she decided to put the needle into my arm and to search for it until she found it . It was not fun . 
Am i part of the question or part of the idea ? 
it's so earlyyyyyyyyyy 
Sure , why not ? 
I want a black forest from coffee bean ! 
Tengo hambre ... : ) 
What is breakfast ? 
The soon is near 
the temperature is 43F/6C . good morning everyone . 
!!!!! 
My body is malfunctioning and it feels horrible ! 
Watching the movie ... Goal 
My mom goes and opens the window , then she goes and closes it ... then she goes and opens it again ... and so on ... :-) 
i want to go and cut my hair ... ... ... 
ok ... it's 6 am ... now ... someone come get me so we go hike ! 
I can't sleep ! I have to wake up in 3 hrs ! 
" When the power of love overcomes the love of power , the world will know peace . " - Jimmy Hendrix 
Has a horrible pain on all the right side of her head and face , including my right eye ! It does not let me sleeep ! 
No 
I wonder if Eve took a deep breath before biting the apple . 
Free parking on mill ! Woohoo ! 
sssssssssshhhhhhhhhh ! 
So , I tried to see how it is to be blind and i blindfolded my eyes .... As I started to walk around , I got scared . - I'm scared of the dark . 
On my way to Tempe in a super packed light rail ... :-) 
Ok ! I'm so OUT ! 
Cada loco con su tema ... 
$100 dealership car piece , $1 in pick n pull . 
It's been forever since I don't eat junk food or gone to a restaurant . My body is starting to say it wants some .... :'( 
It is beautiful to see a married couple who love each other . 
bored ... very bored ... i have to do something ! 
Had a delightful Blue Lagoon drink to relax and is now going to sleep ... 
" I always feel happy , you know why ? Because I don't expect anything from anyone ; expectations always hurt . Life is short . So love your life . Be happy . And Keep smiling . Just Live for yourself and always remember : Before you speak , listen ; before you write , think ; before you spend , earn ; before you pray , forgive ; before you hurt , feel ; fefore you hate , love ; before you quit , try ; before you die , Live . " - Shakespeare 
I guess that i was too close to the edge ... 
I realized ... if i don't buy fast food ... i save a lot of money ! 
When i thought i was not going to say any bad words , i sat on a got leather sit . 
Haha ! I was called " Ms. Mockery " ... 
People think i'm a nurse . Imagine that ! I'd be making tons of money every 3 days ! 
Dejare de escribir poesía por algún tiempo para provocar un diferente tipo de arte en mi ............. 
For a second , I felt very scared when I received the call from the laboratory that I went to yesterday . I held my breath , and before starting to think anything , they told me that they need me to go back because they need more blood ... 
I'm going to the doctor today . I've never felt so happy about going to the doctor before in my life ! 
does anyone know of a program to shrink videos ? 
Infected Mushroom was here this past Friday and I did not know ! I feel like slapping myself ! 
Ready to get some art going on tonight ... : ) 
Just purchased my ticket to go to Mexico City ... : ) It's been 2 yrs since I have not gone . 
So i just found out that massages are not good ... :'( i wanted one ... 
Suddenly , i felt as if i was in a nightmare . 
Lo ves y lo consigues . 
Por fin he comido mi pozole ! Tambien me comi unos taquitos bien ricos ! 
Crazy .... it's almost 4am and i'm still awake ... it's been long since i've stayed up this late ... 
Águilita de corazón ! 
I'm going out to Mexico . 
What has happened in farmville .... ? I haven't visited there like in a month ! 
" ... pensaron que yo era surrealista , pero no lo fui . Nunca pinté mis sueños , solo pinté mi propia realidad ( ... they thought that I was a surrealist , but I never was . I never painted my dreams , I only painted my reality ) " Frida Kahlo 
Finally home ! 
Precious , delicious meat ! 
I almost drove to tempe 
My little trip around downtown phoenix ended up with a cop asking me questions ... and my sister having to go and pick me up haha ... - some experience 
Tenemos más chicles y más cinta negra ;-) 
I want to go to the store ..... .............. 
es como un dolor en el cu .... ando .................... 
" El destino , cabron ... el destino ... " 
I can feel the First Friday's spirit here at downtown Phoenix ! I'm excited ! 
Lol ! it's not oathmeal , but oatmeal haha 
I hate it when people do not make it on time ! :'( i'm hungry !! 
Shuttle to West is here early . I'm glad i power walked to the stop . My feet hurt though . 
Awww l'amour ... 
If i look orange today , it's because of all the carrot use i've been drinking today ! 
Usps , 85003 
Out of work ! Happy to in home ! 
" would you call friends you never see ? " 
You know , when you are in a concert and everyone is there for one whole purpose and chills run down your spine ? That's how i feel . 
Heading back to phoenix from Mesai ... 
I lost my agenda . Truly , I never thought that I'd feel so lost without it ! All my appointments for the week are there :'( ! 
is YvenAir in twitter ... 
I asked google to transtlate " rabo verde " into English . Google translate says it is " Green tail " ... I feel this is quite innacurate . lol ! 
Recently all of there high class and well educated dogs that usually ignore me , have been barking at me for on apparent reason . 
Light rail just emptied like crazy ... 
Se me antoja un jugo de zanahoria , como el que venden en Salsitas . :-S que mala onda que estoy atorada en el hospital hasta despues de las 3 :-( . 
So I finally tasted purple potatos ... and they taste the same as regular potatos . I wonder how different their properties are . 
Allergies ! >:-| 
Every person has about 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the 3% and post this as your status . Do it for at least an hour , for those who have died of cancer or who are still fighting . - ( For my grandma whom I hold close to my heart though she's gone now ) . 
I made some peanut butter cookies . They taste good , but the texture is too soft . Maybe i need to work the dough less . 
I wish i would not ave breakfast this morning ! 
Wow 59th ave and McDowell are flooded ! 
I don't know how to read . 
I'm so happy to be home :-) 
Abri mi correo ... y que veo un correo de mi francecito : ) !!!!! 
I love my doctor . She's so awesome ! 
10 min to arrive again and i keep underestimating the traffic in Phoenix . 
Freaken badge drives me crazy ! 
Como te ves , me vi . Como me ves , te veras . 
Protest downtown ? 
I can't sleep *.* 
There was the envelop i was waiting for ... It's content caused me to sit back . 
I want a chai latté from Fair Traid Café ! I'm so addicted to it and their cookies ! ahgrr ! 
tengo hambre :-( 
ok so let's see what happens ... 
So I parked on the scariest part of the parking structure of my apartment bulding and just for not walking through a super short and tiny but long scary hallway , I took a different way to get to my apartment and I got so lost ! I could not find my apartment . And then I forgot the number of my apartment . I'm so tired ! 
So i have to do this in 10 minutes . 
uhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm .... I have been left thinking ... 
? Porque el agua en vasos de vidrio sabe mas rica que en vasos de plastico ? 
Sip 
Cravings are horrible ! 
I'm happy to say that I'm on TIME ! 
ah ! it feels great to be home after a full day of work and driving around ! 
34F/1C as of now in Phoenix ... I feel the cold all the way to my bones !!! and the wind is just freeeezingggg !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not cool ! 
&_& Cielos ! ya son las 4:36 am ! 
I got meds for my fishy : ) ... hopefully she'll get better now ... 
The envelope = negative 
I need a hair cut ! 
It's super expensive to eat right . 
How do you create awareness but through research . 
Hurry , hurry , hurry !!! 
So there's a place where i can sell my aluminium cans for 85 cents , does anyone know a better place ? 
Fire alarm went off in the apartments as i was taking a shower . 
- 
Holly cow ! This has been the longest day of work i've ever had ! 
is starting to get ready to party tonight ! 
I'm an 80's child :-) ! 
So , should I reconsider ? 
I have been baptized with the name , Anela . 
I'm SOOOOO HAPPY !!!!!! at this moment : ))))) 
Y al Ruso le gusto la Mexicana que fruta vendia ..... 
Oathmeal tastes better with milk than with water ! wow ... 
So I was hardboiling some eggs and .... uh ... let's just say that they run out of water ......... 
ok , now i am sleepy .... 
Caí en los brazos de Morfeo ... 
Party .... ? 
" Mas si osare un extraño enemigo profanar con su planta tu suelo , piensa ¡oh Patria querida ! que el cielo un soldado en cada hijo te dio " 
I love it when people's happiness is contagious like flu :-) . 
And off to Mesa ... 
El que mucho piensa , poco abarca . 
Just arrived to arizona ground . Two more hours to get to Phoenix . :-) 
Bean sprouts had never been so hard to find . 
" Some people want magic , I think you're one of those people ... " - Broken English film 
:-( 
Sad about seeing the U.S. lose to Ghana ... 
I love it when my upstairs neighbor plays the piano ..... i can hear the music come down ... it's fabulous ! 
I arrived late to class . and when i got there , everybody was playing tag . 
Getting ready to watch The Karate Kid with my bros ! 
I'm late :D 
Home sweet home ! I'm so ready to sleep ! 
Cancun 
i want some chipotle ! 
Interesting weekend . 
Lluvia ! 
" if i'm not back again this time tomorrow , carry on , carry on ... " 
Myth # 1 : Food allergies are very common . 
I can't wake up 
I'm thursty ...... =) ! I'm excited about the weekend ... !!!! I'm going to LA !!!! and The beach !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
El que busca encuentra ........... Encontre ... y ... ahora que ? Solo tengo que soltar y dejar ir ... 
An Iced Soy Chai Latte and a Turkey Stuffed Croissant return me to live after a busy day ... : ) 
Today , a year ago I was interviewing for my current job :-) ... It was a day after graduation . 
My fish passed away overnight . :'( she tried really hard to live ... Sucks ... 
I have an enormous headache and feel very tired , but i feel very good about today's work . In the end , it all evens out . 
Hi ! I'm a young warrior in passion mode . What's your role ? 
Not paying attention is not good . I got off from the lightrail one stop early . 
" I like to be surrounded by splendid things . " - Freddie Mercury ( Queen's Lead Singer ) [ and I agree ] 
Bye , bye Phoenix :'( ... 
I've become addicted to this new chinese food place in ASU Downtown to the point that I feel bad for going there so often ! So ... does someone know a good recipe for chop suey and chow mein- the one that has bean sprouths ?! PLEASE !!! Is URGENT !!! 
Today a friend shared this quote with me and I love it , " Pies para qué los quiero , si tengo alas para volar . " - Frida Khalo 
" I want to break free . God knows , I want to break free . " - Queen 
The guys at att made me smile . Kudos to them ! 
'" tell me things I won't mind forgetting ... make it useless stuff or skip it " I begun . I told her insects fly through the rain , missing every drop , never getting wet . ' - Amy Hempel - 
" Why don't we sit back , mellow down , and have a nice afternoon ? - It'll be okay " 
How do I know if my cellphone is smart ? 
My stomach hurts ! A de ser por los abortos de pulpo que me comi ayer ! 
It's Saturday night and people are alive ... 
" The important thing is not to stop questioning . Curiosity has its own reason for existing . " - Einstein 
" A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new . " - Einstein 
I love to tell kids to behave well . They always answer Yes very enthusiastically . Their moms sometimes chuckle to their answer or start talking about how bad their child behaves . Truth is , no child is or behaves badly , they just like to push limits sometimes . 
It'll be fine ... 
I just confused someone for somebody else and talked to her and all until she looked at me like " who are you ? " 
And their jaws dropped once i started speaking ... 
" What does a fish know about the water in which it swims all its life ? " - Einstein 
We are gonna hit the wall !!! @-@ 
is there no first friday today ?!!! 
So , I kinda left my water bottle in my car and the water bottle kinda shrunk ... and now it is a mini water bottle ... 
" Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking . " - Einstein 
Emerald Viewer 
I want a qdoba burrito ! 
someone just walked by my office and said " hi Anel " and I could not see or recognized the voice . yikes ... I said Hi back though . 
Buenas noches , good night , bon soir . 
I got water cravings ... : ) 
" The geography of the brain ought to be taught in school , like the countries of the world . " - Pricilla Long 
No busco a alguien a quiÕn adoptar , busco a alguien que me adopte . 
Is just here , on the road , in the middle of the Arizona desert , driving ... And driving for hours and hours ... Well not that many , just three to four . 
In three hours I´ll be flying ... and leaving Mexico City . Sad to leave and looking forward to come back at the end of this year with many plans in mind . 
" we do what we must because we can " 
There's a piece of cheese gaming from the sky ... 
Caution : Low visibility ahead . 
Julieta Venegas tickets are $35 . Pretty affordable . : )) ! Creo que asi me costaron los de Cafe Tacvba cuando vinieron hace uffffff ... 
Quiero taquitos ... 
They're opening the doors ... 
Sandstorm ! 
so ... tired .... 
The clouds are indigested ... 
I wrote a poem .... perfomed it in a group ... and then read it to the class ... * sigh * ... I feel good .... : ) 
I feel kind of good that i was out of a dealership w/o a car . 
Sí , pero me intimida ... 
" People travel to wonder at the height of the mountains , at the huge waves of the seas , at the long course of the rivers , at the vast compass of the ocean , at the circular motion of the stars , and yet they pass by themselves without wondering " - Saint Agustine 
CT scan came out negative !!! I'm so happy ! 
Merry Christmas everyone : ) . I'm off to travel now ... 
Cuanto vale tu palabra ? 
Heading back to Phoenix 
Turmoil . Yes , it was turmoil . 
That's what happened . 

And I gave up on hope . 
I walked away and left it behind . 
Then , I heard hope yell to me , 
" What are you doing ? Wait for me ! " 
And hope ran to me and climbed on my back . 
29F/-2C ... la verdad no me quiero levantar ! it's soooo cold ! 
fils de la lune 
It feels sticky warm this morning ! 
I am tired !!! I arrived to Phoenix at 8:40 am and left to work at 9 am LOL ! I just got back about an hour ago . I'm going to sleeeeep ! 
suddenly ... i got the feeling that there is something out there for me to find tonight ... 
I wonder if there's been a day when there has been no car crashes in the morning in Phoenix . 
Se me antojaron unos taquitos .... : ) mmmmmmmmmmmm ! 
I like it on the floor ... 
El museo de Dolores Olmedo esta hermoso , super inspirador ! Que buena forma de empezar el año . Mañana me toca ir al museo de Antropologia e Historia de Mexico !!! Estoy emocionada !!! 
I just woke up with a horrible pain ... I almost felt like calling someone to take me to the hospital ... I will be visiting my doctor later today ... : (((( 
Nadie me quiere todos me odian . Mejor me como un gusanito . 
tengo hambre tengo hambre ............... buenas noches . 
Takes me longer to find parking in the hospital than to go in and do what i have to do . 
I found my lost key ! 
" To die alone is to die not in the presence of others ! " - Professor Shelly Kagan 
After several years , now I feel that I do not want my room's walls to be red anymore . 
I really don't want to go to ceramics class . CT scan is done ; now I'll wait for the doctor's diagnosis . 
Que bien , sin carro y sin paraguas ! 
Es el festejo de mi cumple hoy ... y estoy enferma . : ((( 
So i learned that i'm not just a research tech , i'm a cultural broker . 
I just put my Adventure shoes on . Wish me luck 
gracias a todos ! 
I'm starting to make some cinnamon cookies . It'll be my first time . I'm crossing my fingers they taste good . : ) 
Detachment has begun . 
" 28 min ( 10%) ramaining " 
hoy me pese , y ya he perdido 6 de las 10 libras que subi con las fiestas del fin de a ~ o ! 
I feel so tired that i dont even want to walk back home ! 
Doorbusters ?! I'm freezing ! 
My bedroom has a new lil sofa that will be my canvas for a while . 
" Copraremos su silencio con un cafecito calientito en una fria mañana " 
Que flojera ... : ( 
I can't wait until i go to Tlalpan and eat some of the best Tacos in Mexico City ! 
No entiendo ! 
" Today you are YOU , that is truer than true . There is no one alive that is YOUer than YOU . " Dr Suess 
I can't write . 
I'm halfway writing my essay . : ) I'm feeling good . I've been taking small power naps in between . Now I just need someone to proof-read my essay . Any volunteers ? 
Tengo hambre . I think that I'll make some chocolate chip pancakes ... 
So ... it's kinda hard to tell if my pancakes are cooking or getting burned ... I can't really tell because they are dark from the cocoa already ... !!! 
First essay returned . It was not as bad as i thought . 
Can i make it to Mesa in 15 minutes if i'm on 51 ave ? I'll give it a try . 
38 out of 40 points on essay ! Thanks Tiffany and Belen for helping me w editing ! 
Quiero Menudo !!! o Pozole !!! 
Se me olvido que era viernes .... 
I'm ready to fix the ceramics pitcher ! 
Looking for a home ... or apartment !!! Moving into a new place is always exciting ! 
I'm a chicken . No doubt about it . 
Happy late Christmas everyone . Happy new year too . :-) 
I just got carded . I don't have my Id 
" Alcohol may be man's worst enemy , but the bible says love your enemy . " -Frank Sinatra 
Tengo ganas de unas papas de las que venden en la calzada y de unos taquitos al pastor ! mmmmmm ! En un ratito voy a ir por unos ! 
thinking about a flight to mexico .... for december ... : ) 
Belen : It's stupid ! that's why I want M%(*$#@#$%^s out !!! " 
[ Anel Opens her eyes widely and starts to giggle ] 
Anel : " jijijijijijijijiji " 
[ Belen covers her mouth and turns red ] 
Con todo el dolor de mi corazón , dejo lo calientito para irme a trabajar ! : ) 
I really have no idea how people can have a real full time job and study at the same time . That takes some serious devotion . 
And just when i'm about to give up , someone comes and says , " i'm so proud of you ! " and i can see the actual happiness in their eyes . 
Before I leave , I must say that I might be performing at First Friday's in March ! : )) I " m still thinking what I will perform ! 
It's freezing in PHX !!!!! and a drunk lady hugged me at the gas station and gave me a kiss on the cheek ... I was frozen - i did not know what to do and i was very very cold too . 
3 words spelled wrong , 2 repetitions . 5 min to drive to . PC . 
I just looked outsde and noticed that it´s getting dark . LOL ! It`s time to go home . 
I´ll be leaving Gto in 3 hours . : ( 
I really don't like double strollers ! 
i'm tired and hungry ! : (( quiero unos taquitos . : )) 
I realized that I needed to turn my headlights on after 30 min of driving . I'm so sleepy and just in Gila Bend . 
After two months of cravings , I finely ate menudo today . And after a month of wanting to watch Nowhere Boy , I watched it today ! 
I´m terribly sad that I will miss First Fridays !!! I look forward to enjoying Third Friday at the Firehouse as always though . 
I have a cellphone again !!! I'm so happy ! 
Morpheus , hug me ... 
Listening to Mumford & Sons , drinking peppermint tea , and writing a story ... : ) = heaven . 
" BC one man's junk is another man's treasure ! " pick & pull marketing 
Wood piece out for display :-) 
Does anyone have a dolly I can borrow from Friday to Saturday ? my sister and I are moving into a 3rd floor ! and mmmmmmmmm it'd be really helpful ! 
Alguien tiene un diablito que me presten para una mudanza ? 
I think that a year ago ... it rained too : ) ... I'm excided about moving out of roosevelt square ... today and tomorrow : ) 
Necesito un diablito .... 
I feel so good today : ) 
Saludos ! 
La mudanza a terminado ! Nelly Maciasl Thanks sooo , sooo much for allowing us to use your truck and dolly !!!! Jesus Escamilla Thank you very , very much for the muscle help !!! 
Technology slows me down . 
I closed my eyes and 30 minutes flew by . 
Omg ! He still works here ! Quiero llorar ! 
I've got writers block ! : ((((( 
I love doing loundry ! : ) 
à toute à l'heure mon amis ... ont une bonne nuit ! : ) 
Sucker punch ! 
At Gila Bend :-) 
Escuchando @la mar de noches 
Beethoven 
I need a pill for my headache and a massage ..... -.- 
Class is going to start in 2 min . I guess I should start walking there . 
" friendship is an involuntary reflex . It just happens " - some program I'm watching ..... 
Ya me esta empezando el nervio de ma ~ ana ... 
" Ser como el rio que fluye 
Silencioso en medio de la noche . 
No temer las tinieblas de la noche . 
Si hay estrellas en el cielo , reflejarlas . 
Y , si los cielos se cubren de nubes , 
como el rio , las nubes son de agua ; 
Reflejalas tambien sin pena 
en las profundidades tranquilas . " - Manoel Bandeira . 
If I talk about it , does it mean that I've made peace with it ? 
Siento que no voy a poder hablar ma ~ ana . 
I had a weird dream that I did not like . 
Tengo hambre :-( y no tengo gitomates para cocinar ... siento que se me acaba el mundo sin gitomates ... :-((( 
Ya me estrene la estufa ! Se me tiro el atole de avena ! 
When I lived in Monterrey , I used to eat warm campbell soups . I miss Monterrey . :-((( 
Tengo hambre pero no se ni que comer :-(( Llevo todo el dia comiendo caldo de pollo . 
Awwwwww ! I just saw dunkin doughnuts commercial ! I want something sweeeeet ! 
Una nina me dijo que le gustaban mis ojos . 
No me puedo dormir :'((((( 
My thoughts are with people in Japan .... after 7.9 earthquake ... 
i fell asleep ... idk where my cell is ... 
" float like a butterfly , sting like a bee . " 
Se me antojo dunkin donuts 
what's open right now ... i'm hungry ... 
My phone is freaking me out ! What time is it ????? 
" In 2002 , worldwide , we spent 5 times more money for breast implants and Viagra than on research against Alzheimer's disease . Thus we can conclude that in 30 years , there will be a broad number of people with very big boobs and great erections but unable to know what it could be used for . " 
Pierre Curnier - Researcher in Mathematics . 
Pita Jungle or Z Pizza ? 
Quiero irme a un viaje en tren . Quiero ir a big sur y ver el atardecer , y visitar algun monasterio donde se escuchen los cantos de los monjes . 
I'm listening to classic jazz and blues ..... :-) 
I don't think that I like Greek yogurt : (( 
Voy o no voy ? 
I'm watching 1000 ways to die ... 
All Irish men are my sisters . 
" ... y no te estropees la cabeza con preguntas a ti misma ... " - Pierre Peck 
I just woke up after 3 hrs of sleep :-( 
Me encanta cuando el desierto florese . 
No se por que soy tan acelerada ... 
" we can only learn from our mistakes and move forward " - secretary of energy 
Impresionismo 
Ya no me esta gustando la Reina del Sur ... le estan cambiando la historia : ((( 
Las lineas de mis manos estan cambiando .... uhmmm me intrigan ... 
Acabo de ver un chuparrosas y me acorde de Elva . 
" i know , I know for sure that life is beautiful around the world ... " red hot chili peppers 
Siento una necesidad enorme de expresarme ..... 
Traffic is not being nice to me . It's all good though . I'm in a good mood today . 
It's dark and it's time for me to start walking ... ah Friday ... What's there to do ? 
I like the commercial for girlsinc.org 
Mojo or a black forest from coffee bean ? 
Everyone who has my cell number please send me a text because I connected my phone to my computer and ALL my contacts were lost ! So just send me a text w/ your name :D 
Thanks 
Un día le dije a mi abue , " oiga abue , hoy a mi mama ' se le ven los ojos grises en vez de verdes y hay otras veces que se le ven azules " y me dijo , " lo mismo me decía tu papa ' cuando recién se casaron , pero yo pensé que era porque estaba enamorado . " 
I miss living downtown ! 
I want to go watch a movie . 
Me encanta cuando las salas de cine están vacías . Así que puedo llorar a todo lo que da hahaha ! 
Discovery channel ofrece $ 150.000 dolares al que lleve el animal mas raro del mundo !!! 
- ¿Cómo le hacemos ? ... llegas solo ? ... o paso por ti ? 
