School time is coming again ! Where has my summer gone ?! D: OH MAN , I'm a senior ! O_O 
Listening to Taylor Swift's " You Belong With Me " on repeat ~ ! :D 
... Excuse me while I go flail over DGM's 2010 calendar .... x'D;; 
2 weeks or so until I'm 18 ! D ' : This debut business is tough and stressing ! : ' < Traditional and modern-day birthdays do not mix . @-@ ;; 
is listening to ABBA . :D 
" Adik Sa Yo " is now over ! D: There goes another drama I like ! ;_; Time to watch " Darna " ! x'D 
The people that are the hardest to love , are the ones who need it most . 
This goes to ASU students : Is anyone living at the Villas on Apache ? I'm in the process of signing an apartment lease contract for a 2bed/2bath(double occupancy ) , and I was wondering if anybody would be interested in roommate requests . 
I'm really sorry if you guys got this weird " Friend FAQ " sent from me ! I clicked on it by accident and it did this ... :( 
Graduation is done ! :D Now for Freshman Orientation at ASU tomorrow morning ! x'D And then Phoenix Comicon ! :) /busy 
Going down for a visit next week to Edinburg , Texas ! :) Just thought I'd make a status message about that . ;) 
Lol , hey guys ~ I need your help ~ I'm gonna make a completely new Facebook account , with a totally unrelated name ( with a new and unrelated email to boot ) , but I'm totally stumped on what new name to go with . Ideas ? :D 
Look at your status . Now back to mine . Now back to yours . Now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down . Back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . Anything is possible when your status resembles an old spice commercial . 
Drove Cheryl Zinkan home past midnight after some creeping around at the Grand Canyon all day . LIFE IS GOOD . : B <3 
A bit early to announce , but I'll be visiting Edinburg for a week or so around New Year's time ! :D <3 
LOL , I am currently going through an overdue tween phase that never happened because some derpy thing called " anime " took all my attention back then . : B I am so ready to go to college , FFFF . xD 
Staying at the apt tomorrow cuz Kyle Gresenz bailed on me . Bl JK JK ! xD After today's shenanigans at the job fair with Danny Duong Nguyen , I just wanna laze around . |D ;; That is , until my parents come and help me pay for the rest of my school stuff , FFF . ^^ ;; 

WHO CAN SEE ME WORKING FOR RADIO DISNEY ? 8D I got the guy's LAST information packet for the job , much to my relief . : B 
Cheryl Zinkan , I just want to thank you for getting me into the series " Bakuman " . I'm not going to get any sleep tonight now , because I'll be frantically trying to catch up to the latest chapter . 8D <3 
Hey guys ~ :D I'm moving on Monday to an apartment ( for college reasons ) , and I was wondering if some of ya'll would be cool if I printed out pictures ( from good times , derp moments , and cool cosplay shots ) to decorate onto the wall in my room ? :) <3 
So I had a dream about Longchamp's girlfriends last night . Particularly the chapter where they go bowling . D8 Lol , Aleyna Rigby , you're gonna be such a pimp with 6 ugly girlfriends . : B I CALL SANAPPI , GUYS . /DIBS 8D 
Ciaossu , guys ~ Just wanting to tell you fellow Rebonerds that the " Katekyo Hitman Reborn ! Gathering " thread has been created on Taiyou Con's forums . LET'S GO DOMINATE ! <3 
Guys , I made a new account ~ Maimai Sayumi is where I'll be posting up con pictures and the like ~ Don't freak out when you get a friend request ! :D <3 
I said I would do this so here we go ... xD ;; 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask you something that I've always wondered about you . 6 . challenge you to repost this . 
I need to start packing up stuff for the grueling car trip to Texas ... To my Edinburg peeps : How's the weather down there ? :) 
