just finalised my flights to Washington DC on sept 11th .... think i'll stop watching aircrash investigations now :( 
some right nasty gremlin has bewen at my music files - ENYA ! WTF right in the middle between Cream and the Kinks up pops bloody ENYA ... nearly fell into a coma before i could hit the " next " button ! 
yawning like a man with a flip top head ... early start tomorrow , night y'all 
time for a " friends " purge methinks - when you get added then the same person says " I don't know you , delete me " you know there will be others there that fall below the " friend " threshold 
the first cut was the deepest ... if you can read this you were not in the 197 that have gone and will need to put up with me a little longer ... except you Ken , you can F *** off ;) 
that's the 5S of my friends list completed , 222 people that had added me and never spoken a damned word to me .... gone ! no room for sentimen tor ego . More days behind me than in front so no hangers on . Anyone feels strongly about including me in their own cull ... I'll not lose any sleep 
Flixter not letting me post my totally impartial review of Apollo18 so I'll just say it here ... " a great big smelly pile of poo ! " what can I say , I'm a wordsmith ... it's a gift ;) 
next stop Washington DC for 5 days .... flying on .... 11th Sept ! 
Washington was awesome - got a lot of good work done but only had 3 hours of free time so went into the city - asked at the hotel about getting a ticket for the Washington Monument - no problem it's free .... it's also closed because of structural damage ( be nice if they'd shared that before my $50 cab fare ! ) so could go look but only from the bottom ! did go through to the Lincoln memorial though - I knew he was a tall man but THAT tall ;) 
I need help ( you can shut it before you start Ken ! ) Friday night , no drink and I'm online looking at chemometics text books for work - shoot me now ! 
Well done Ireland , phenomenal victory - Now Scotland you're ranked above Ireland so repeat the feat on 1/10 against the auld enemy :) 
please people stop posting this obvious fake about FB charging - get a grip on reality ! and FFS stop posting that bloody enormous status that fills an entire page . It was mildy interesting the first time but after 30 repeats of the same damned thing it got really unfunny quickly . The new FB was a pain in the arse on day one but admit it ... you're used to it now , you were all just reacting to a change in your comfort zone 
The unsubscribe option will be getting used liberally - getting really fed up with all these status updates that should really be Notes . You know that new option that allows you to pick your audience ? Well if your status is going to be a 5000character essay use that option - I DON'T WANT TO SEE IT ! and if you're upset by that delete me and we'll both get on with our lives . 
For anyone wanting a laugh , check out EBAY item - 180726587776 copy and paste number into search box and read the reason for sale . . . . . . LMFAO . . . pure class ......... 
On Firefox ? there's a great add-on called " Better Facebook " that turns off a lot of the new function ( especially that annoying scrolling activity thingy " . OK it adds a few new options but they are acually useful , for example a dislike option . 
Virgin mobile - just been hung by their own lies . In August I paid off and canceled my contract - they continued sending bills , I disputed them , they now claim I called them on 5/10/10 to reactivate the account - now that's a good trick since I was in ICU wired up to all the machines that go ' ping ' if I moved a finger ! Virgin mobile- you've been caught ! 
after watching 2 dire games today I litterally took my eyes off the Germany game for 5 minutes to make coffee and missed 2 goals ! oh well another beer will compensate :) 
In 
honor of Conner Jones , age 7 , who is losing the battle to CF 
today ... I'm changing my profile to " red " his favorite color ... to let him 
know he's not alone ... to let him know our hearts are breaking too ... to 
let him know he is loved by people that never met him . That he is our 
hero . Prayers of strength to mom Sarah L Jones , dad 
Brad , brothers Hunter and Bradyn . 
... and finally , on a brighter note ... France are oot ! England next ?. This statement was brought to you by Jingoists r us , for all your xenophobic needs ;) 
restless , can't sleep , unable to settle ... then I remembered the date - sad memories - said a final goodbye to Vicky exactly a year ago . Good friend gone but Never forgotten ! 
left the car on it's own for 4 weeks now it's spat the dummy and refuses to start ! yes the battery is charged and yes there's fuel in it and no I'm not allowed to drive it yet but just as well I checked on it . 
Oh that was a classic first half - specially the SECOND goal hahahahaha - now where's that salt I need to rub in ;))) 
lol new series of extreme makeover with Ty Peenington - making over a Sottish town ... wonder if he's seen The Scheme ;) 
I feel oppressed and have this strange feeling of being watched 
Apparently 
its 80's week . Everyone has to change their profile pic to one taken 
back in the 1980's . Be a good laugh to see how many of us have 
changed ... for the worse ... or the better . Change your pic and repost !! 
night y'all xxx 
My thoughts and prayers go to all the family and friends of the victims of Derek Bird today :( 
FFS that is painful telly - please release my ears and shut TF up 
well done BBC - invite the country to take your personality test then have a crap server that cant handle the traffic . 
just paid the last 3 bills due payment so I'm finishing 2010 the way I started it ... skint ! and so begins 2011 - at least there is one constant in life :) Happy New Year everyone - I hope the new year is full of happiness , health and good fortune for all of you . 
salt pipe - anyone use or used one ? opinions please on their effect or otherwise on asthma 
" Oh , say 
can you see by the dawn's early light 
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming ? 
Whose broad stripes and bright stars thru the perilous fight , 
O'er the ramparts we .... " Oops is this the wrong anthem ? oh well ... Tonight I'm proud to be American ;) 
oh you really haven't a clue FB - new security settings recommendations - let everyone have access to all your information AND all your photos - I think not ! 
May as well call it PaedoBook ! 
managed to catch " The Scheme " on you tube ( cant get iplayer outside UK ) OMG - words fail me - this based just 10 miles and 130 IQ points from where I live !!!! there's not a single active brain cell in the lot of them - fascinating - only thing missing is David Attenboroughs voice over ! 
Sad day - but happy memories - mixed emotions . Thinking of Vicky Dobbins and all her family and friends today . Missed always , gone ... but NEVER forgotten 
Home after a great day rambling around the Wicklow hills(20km total climb 380m today ) - great weather , great scenery - pics to follow 
right I'm off - 5am start tomorrow- going home for long weekend . Everyones stay well or get well , have a great weekend xxx 
wakened this morning at 04:30 by an idiot calling for a taxi - I was gracious . they hit redial I told them to not be so silly ( or words like that ) . When I went back to bed , in that half sleep time , before oblivion took me again , I remember having some profound thought about something and deciding to write it down later .... only bloody forgot exactly what it was !!!!! :( 
the UK tax man just gave me money back ..... yes you read it right - they gave me money back and it wasn't a piddling amount . If you moved outside the UK in the last financial year it mght be well worth your time getting a tax review and before anyone sends begging letters , SHE who must be obeyed knows about it so you've no chance for you ! 
why do all these so called football stars get paid so much - so far all I've seen is crap . they're obviously beleiving their own legends . North Korea get a fekkin bag or rice for playing and they're so far as good if not better than Brazil ! 
serious panic attack ! filled fridge with bottles of Bud , big TV ready and waiting , THEN I discover there's no bottle opener in the flat lol ... rushed out and got one - panic over . Bring on the football ! and before anyone asks I support A.B.E. ;) 
ooh err ! need to sit and let my heart rate recover - young woman in the hotel next to my appartment block standing at her window less than fully dressed - I must look away ... in 5 minutes ;) 
just strayed onto BBC3 - the Eurovision qualifiers are on - my ears are bleeding ! but there's a morbid fascination - can't turn it off - I'm losing my ability to reason - higher brain funtions closing down - help 
oh FFS they fail to beat the USA and STILL go on about fuckin ' 1966 Get a Grip - remember april 15th 1967 Wembley stadium ? Naw didn't think they would lol 
Breathe easy now Conner . RIP 
... And what is to cease breathing , but to 
free the breath from its 
restless tides , that 
it may rise and expand and seek God unencumbered . 
xxx 
(¯`v´¯) 
` *.¸.* ´please pass this heart around in memory of all our loved ones at Christmas time that have sadly passed away , they may be gone but NEVER EVER be forgotten !! Merry Christmas to all our sleeping angels 
anyone else notice the commentary on the south Korea game ? no actual commentary just silence then the commentator blurts out a list of triple barrelled oriental names - like he had a dose of oriental tourettes in a Korean resturaunt ! 
Wicklow again this weekend - there must be a big hill i haven't been over yet :) then Achill island next week ( weather permitting ) 
just home from work - switched on the news ....... AW FUCK NO !!!!!!! the jammy sods got through 
is only sitting here on FB ' cos my legs have seized up and I can't walk to the couch to stretch out and gawp at the misguided idiots on extra factor ;) 
it's apparunt frome my lost staitus that mie speeling has beekum attroshus 
my prediction for the England game tonight ... less than 5 seconds after the programme starts ( 30 minutes before a ball is kicked ) 1966 will be mentioned ! oh yeah and Algeria 2-1 :) 
hhope the good weather does hold this weekend - off the the " valley of the two lakes " to tramp arounf the wicklow countryside - might even visit ST . Kevins stump or the holy stone of clonrikket(father ted reference ) ;) 
Jeez the english sports commentators will clutch at any straw to mention 1966 - North Korea being in the tournament this year is a gift to them since their last appearance was 1966 ! shut the fuck up about it , in case you hadn't noticed England aren't playing- look up this date 15/4/67 ( home championships - Wembley ) 
Virgin mobile finally admitted they got it wrong saying I'd called to activate my account while lying in ICU - they've " graciously " canceled the bill and closed the account - amazing what you can get them to do when they've been caught out in a blatant lie . 
too much time on my hands today -is it just me or is that new Ikea ad with all the cats really saying " ever wondered what that smell was ? well we let cats piss all over the furniture at night so you can get the pungent aroma of ammonia in your home " 
all thoughts today for Ellis Natale and her family - nothing but good thoughts and wished coming to you x 
come on SLOVENIA ! ;))) 
So it looks like the Libs got a fair amount of their 20:20 tax policy in but I fail to understand the phrase " Emergency Budget " - if it's an emergency why are they waiting for 6 months to activate it ? ( not that I want it sooner ) smacks of the old trick of give them bad news months in advance so that we can load a wee bit more bad news on them later ! - wonder what's coming next 
panic over - have my travel home planned like a military operation except for one minor detail ... managed to lose the ferry booking reference ( don't bother berating me I've been already done it ) - until 10 minutes ago I was going nowhere ! been on hold with P&O since 08:45 to get that damned reference ! 
Back to Ireland tonight and straight to work tomorrow - really can't wait ! ( can you see the sarcasm dripping from this status ? ) 
my time at hameldaeme is nearly over :( back to Ireland on Sunday night and work on Monday .... still , glass half full ... only 4 weeks until T comes to Ireland for a holiday :) 
Oh here we go , now my EVERY move will be monitored - " the wife " has an FB page ;) 
ALBA GU BRÁTH !!! feeling a wee bit homesick today ;) 
going to climb Croagh Patrick tomorrow ( NOT barefoot ! ) ... I will then be spending Sunday lying in bed unable to move ! :) 
looks like the Lottery have lost my email again ... back to work tomorrow 
I'm obviously suffering from oxygen overdose - actually thinking about ironing some shirts for work rather than sitting doing sod all - too much fresh air yesterday - it's gone to my head 
I suppose like most people I have my routines and there are certain things in the world that can be taken as constant and immutable - imagine my confusion then when I went to the local Indian take away tonight to see it being run by a Chinese couple ! I did go back outside and read the sign again ! :) but now my world has been shaken , I can't be sure about anything now 
Decisions , decision ... tomorrow go west to the wild coast of Achill and 80% chance or rain and spectacular cliff walks or wimp out and go east to Wicklow and 25% chance of rain ? of course option 3 is available ... do sod all , all weekend 
well that was a week to remember ! 
Last Monday went to Cork , Monday night had a heart attack , Tuesday went to work in a lot of pain , Wednesday drove home from Cork , Thursday went to the GP then ECG , morphine , GT spray , hospital , echo , multiple drugs , angiogram , 3 stents installed , 81% of my hearts main blood vessels were blocked ! 
Home now and No Mum not straight on here :) 
Post heart attack diet is really working - lost 9.5 kg ( 21lbs or 1.5 st in " old money " ) since the start of October - just cut out fries , crisps and substituted fruit . Eat less/move more works :) 19kg to go to hit my target 
Right ! next time I say I'm going up a mountain send for the straight jacket . The promised sunny spells missed Co . Mayo until later in the afternoon - was cold , wet and completely cloud covered on the summit so precious few pictures :( tomorrow is deffo a day of rest 
wimped out and went to Wicklow today in search of the sun rather than to wild wind swept Achill .... boy did I get it wrong - it was savage wet and windy but fantastic - fair cleared the cobwebs out ! :)) 
In a complete contrast to the eejit Dr that asked me why I was there ( after my heart attack ) my regular GP came back today from holiday - obviously to a very full day of catch up and appointments but still finds time to call personally to talk over my recent " event " - take a lesson eejit Dr 
watched " DEVIL " last night - wasn't particularly impressed but I did hesitate this afternoon when the elevator in apartment block foyer opened as I approached it - empty and uncalled lol but then as I was the only one in it .... that means I am the devil ! mwahaha 
the Devils Backbone - film 4 now - my personal favourite of the Guillermo Del Toro " horror " trilogy :) 
woohoo ! car is fixed for no cost - apparently the fuel pump brushes were dirty - all it took was to bounce the back of the car while trying to start it to " wash " the brushes . i'd never have thought of that - there's never been any bouncing action in the back of that car ;) 
Back to Ireland tomorrow :( but no work until the 15th :))) 
been on the go since 2am - home now so the R&R can begin - aye right ! fat chance of that ! 
had a coronary care follow up today : BP 117/70 , total cholesterol 3.8 was told , again , no driving for 6 weeks , no work for 6 weeks , can begin to do exercise that I enjoy but no sex for 6 weeks !... come on doc make your mind up do I get the exercise or not ? ;) 
off to watch as 300 of my ancient ancestors of Sparta ( well they apparently had broad Scottish accents ) say " come ahead Darius - see this spear ? am gonny stick it right in yooo ! " 
what price life in this country ? €120 per month apparently . I'll never moan about UK prescription charges . My stuff actually costs €202 per month ! €60 for 28 enteric coated aspirin - someones taking the P . The money they " graciously " allow me to keep for one month could buy almost my whole years drugs in the UK 
FFS it's Chicos ' dad !!! 
right arm drained for liver function tests and left arm stabbed for flu vaccine and it's cold wet and miserable outside so today I will be vegging in front of the telly ! 
Who are these ejects that have phone access and vote for Wagner ? And since when did they decide to mime for survival ? 
Virus spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama Clinton Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her , you get the virus too ! Please .. copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES .. please pass it on !! 
watching the weather :( snow just stay off until Monday - have to drive from Athlone to Larne . 320km through a snow covered country that has managed to run out of salt after the first snow fall - " we're ready " said the councils - WTF for ? it certainly wasn't the weather ! 
made it home - 5 hours Athlone to Larne , 2 hours on the ferry , 1 , 5 hours Cairnryan to troon and I get 1/2 mile from home and some numpty that couldn't decide what lane to be in ( only 2 available ) nearly causes a pile up - eejit ! 
