Moser's Autrian Cafe ' in NewCarlyle . I had lunch there today and was impressed . Wienerschnitzel and the such . I had Gulasch 
Just recieved a text . She just went over the Mississippi for the first time . 
My Leena has left on a trip out west with her friend and her parents . It was difficult to say goodby . I actually found myself experiencing gratitude for text mesaging . I never thought it was possible . 
I have to share this with ya'all I just watched Jeremy weedwack the greens I planted for Marie's guinea pigs . And then step on them as he weedwacked on . 
Both of my daughters are home . It's a good day . 
I believe I will soon regret this Facebook . I have a list of things to do . On the other hand Jeremy does have fantasy football and baseball . 
Work toward understanding No matter how uncomfortable 
It's my favorite time . Time to go to bed and read . 
Rumor has it that Danny Gokey will be on Dancing with the stars 
Lone Star , sounds good . I remember when I was 18 my friend and I went to SanAntonio for a week and they sold single iced beer at the gas station . I couldn't believe it . Right there on ice even on Sundays . Texas . 
my husband is at a cubs game with , check this out , my stepfather ( his step father-in-law ) his step brother-in-law , and his step father-in-law's x-wife's husband . Should I draw a diagram ? 
I was a peripheral visionary , I could see the future , but way off to the side . Steven Wright 
anyone want 2 very cute guinea pigs ? 
I love you Farrah and you will be missed . 
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things . Henry David Thoreau 
Can anyone recommend a place to buy eyeglasses ? 
Did anyone catch last nights Daily and Colbert ? Nicely Done . 
" Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity . " - Martin Luther King Jr. ( 1929-1968 ) 
Last year I went fishing with Salvador Dali . He was using a dotted line . He caught every other fish . Steven Wright 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- If you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When finished , paste this paragraph into your own status and see what happens . You'll be surprised what people remember about you 
Who's afraid of Rush ? 
" Not everything that can be counted counts , and not everything that counts can be counted . " - Albert Einstein ( 1879-1955 ) 
favorite quote of the day " The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it . " - George Bernard Shaw ( 1856-1950 ) " Cynicsm results from gaining experience while losing optimism " Lord of the Flies ( one of my favorite books ) 
Have you learned the lessons only of those who admired you , and were tender with you , and stood aside for you ? Have you not learned great lessons from those who braced themselves against you , and disputed passage with you ? " Walt Whitman 
This morning was Marie's High School Honor Roll breakfast for parents and students . Nicely done Marie .... 
the banquet was very nice . Very well organized . And everyone one knows how much busy parents appreciate that . 
" Re-examine all that you have been told ... dismiss that which insults your soul . " Walt Whitman 
FACEBOOK IS BLOCKING ALL YOUR FRIENDS NEWS FEEDS EXCEPT 250 THEY CHOOSE . TO UNDO BLOCK : Go to your HOME page . Make sure your news feed shows LIVE FEED . Then scroll to the bottom , click Edit Options , You will then see your NEWS FEED SETTINGS . Change t ......... he 250 to 5000 for Facebook's friend limit and your feed will work again . Copy this and post it for your friends to seeRead More 
The beginning of self-knowledge : recognizing that your motives are the same as other people's . Mason Cooley 
hurt my back last week and it is not getting any better . Any Advice ? Please . 
Marie's sports banquet is tonight 
everyone be careful and check your receipt when shopping there have been reports of cashiers added cash withdrawals and pocketing the money . 
god is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh I stole this from Sanmit's favorite quotes . Thanks Dude 
All you ladies check out Army of One.org and see if you can help 
anyone else watch FrontLine tonight ? 
Is this a picture of Drew ? No ? Are you sure ? 
advice for the Holidays The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing . -- German Proverb 
Simeri's tonight . 
" Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo . " - H . G . Wells ( 1866-1946 ) 
In matters of conscience , the law of the majority has no place . Mohandas Gandhi 
" There is a period of life when we swallow knowledge of ourselves and it becomes either good or sour inside . " -- Pearl Bailey 
I've got a song stuck in my head . And it goes a little something like this " Pants on the ground , pants on the ground . Lookin like a fool with your pants on the ground . " 
" Nobody can stop the STORM so be a STORM . " For all my younger friends . 
“The minute you settle for less than you deserve , you get even less than you settled for” Maureen Dowd American Journalist 
" Replace Fear of the Unknown with Curiosity " 
Does anyone have any experience with dental implants and dental bone grafting ? 
“There must be some kind of way out of here , ” Said the joker to the thief . 
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy & paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments ......... 
Pray For Peace And Planet Love ! 
Ciao's Italian Ristorante & Pasticceria Ask us about private Italian cooking lessons - small or large groups . Call us at ( 574 ) 289-2426 for details ! 
Youth is wasted on the young . I have always heard that and now I believe it . 
“If the person you are talking to doesn't appear to be listening , be patient . It may simply be that he has a small piece of fluff in his ear . ” Winnie the Pooh quote 
Daughters outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* •Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? Awesome ? Daughter(s ) ? in the ? world . And I would add sons to that list as well 
OK enough of this goofin ' around . Time to get to work .......... 
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom . Bertrand Russell 
no , not today 
Doppelgänger 
Anyone know a good carpet cleaning service ? 
Today I realized how much I miss listening to ACDC . 
It kinda caught me by surprise . 
Happy birthday Leena . 
" Sometimes it's necessary to go a long distance out of the way in order to come back a short distance correctly . " 
Edward Albee 
The Girl you just called fat , she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid , he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly , she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped , he is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Repost if you are against bullying 
I keep my friends eternally 
We leave our tracks in the sound 
Some of them are with me now 
Some of them can't be found 
It's a long road behind me 
... And I miss you now ................ Neil Young 
Michelle is a grandma :-) 
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . ” -- Ralph Waldo Emerson 

" Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . " -- Dr. Seuss 
“What you must dare is to be yourself . ” -- Dag Hammarskjold 
.. and suddenly a clown truck full of clowns cut us off ... 
watching your daughter being collected by her date feels like handing over a million dollar Strativarius to a gorilla . -- Jim Bishop 
Happy Birthday Patty V 
more people should be like Leena . 
Loving , loyal , courageous , soulful , silly and perceptive .... 
Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent . Sherlock Holmes 
Does anyone know a occupational therapist who would be willing to talk to Leena about his or her job ? 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Play along . Copy and paste this to your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of the sentence . Andy Gibb . Mid 70's Wisconsin state fair with my cousin Manette . Boy were we in love and we gladly shared him . Manette do you remember the year ? 
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt . ~ Bertrand Russell ... 
couch ........... right there on the end . 
Green is the color of life love , renewal , restfulness , calm , restful , contentment , hope , self control . It cleverly and gracefully pulls the mind forward . Eases and grounds . It can be subtle and lacks any undertones of joy grief or passion . Lime , eucalyptus , asparagus , Kermit , and basil . Oh , how I love Green . 
WARNING , PLEASE READ . If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this it is a scam , they just want to see you naked . please copy and paste this to your status , I wish I had received this yesterday , I feel stupid now . 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . They are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins , even if you don't talk much lately . Repost this if you have some of the best cousins !! I know I do 
Any one have an opinion on a vacation spot for this winter ? For 2 adults and 2 teens . Somewhere warm and sunny . 
" couch " on the very end 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke , your house is a mess , you are drunk as a skunk , or your familly is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one .... true friend :) ~ ?!!!! 
When I was a child 
I caught a fleeting glimpse 
Out of the corner of my eye 
My girls are home ! Happy Happy ! 
" Logic is relative . " 
— John Irving ( A Prayer for Owen Meany ) 
Loves reading Eugene Robinson's columns in the newspaper .. 
Today I kept running into the same snake while I was raking and shredding last years leaf pile for mulch . 
What's you talkin'bout Willis ? 
went to Snite Museum of Art with my mother and her water color class . 
My nephew is being deployed today , please keep him in your thoughts and prayers . Thank you ! 
There is no denying that consideration of others is worthwhile and that our happiness is inextricably bound up with the happiness of others . There is no denying that if society suffers , we ourselves suffer , and the more our hearts and minds are afflicted with ill-will , the more miserable we become . We can reject religi ... on , ideology , received wisdom , but we cannot escape the need for love and compassion . 
Dalai Lama 
What is an Advertorial ? -- an advertisement that is written and presented in the style of an editorial or journalistic report 
I love coffee breaks 
I wonder if I would also love smoking breaks ? ( if I smoked ) 
lazy day today . 
Must be the rain . Or someone slipped me decaf . 
The newspapers said , say what're you doing in bed I said we're only trying to get us some peace Christ you know it ain't easy , 
“A joke can be the most skillful passive-aggressive act there is . ” 
............. " Restore Reasonability " . 
Gotta get a little Life on ya 
Go a little further 
live a little longer 
It gets sweeter when you get a little on ya . 
NPR is doing a series on the top 50 voices . 
What is your favorite ? 
My true religion , my simple faith is in love and compassion . There is no need for complicated philosophy , doctrine , or dogma . Our own heart , our own mind , is the temple . The doctrine is compassion . Love for others and respect for their rights and dignity , no matter who or what they are - these are ultimately all we need . 
... Dalai Lama ... 
Well my I took my first born to Midway and let her go to DC for 10 days . 
Trepidation , apprehension , excitement , fear , admiration and wonder . 
Love I guess . 
It's snowing here in South Bend 
Powers back on ! Thanks AEP guys . 
You find a flower half-buried in leaves , 
And in your eye its very fate resides . 
Loving beauty , you caress the bloom ; 
Soon enough , you'll sweep petals from the floor . 
Terrible to love the lovely so , 
To count your own years , to say " I'm old , " 
To see a flower half-buried in leaves 
And come face to face with what you are . 
- Han Shan , 750 
Translated by Peter Stambler 
Did you hear about the dyslexic , agnostic insomniac who stays up all night wondering if there really is a Dog ? 
bringing Leena home today . <3 
*** Loves the quotes from the " Deadwood " series . *** 
So long Mel ............. best of luck to ya . 
-You have eyes , but do you see ? Walking the same streets over and over , you may sometimes see people superficially because you’re only perceiving your projection of them . 
Today , make an effort to really see who is around you . Open your eyes to their deeper truths . 
Daily Kabbalistic Wisdom 
Starting my new part time job today . wish me luck 
Waiting for Leena ohare 
Is there no love anymore 
Living in the Promiseland 
True happiness comes from having a sense of inner peace and contentment , which in turn must be achieved by cultivating altruism , love and compassion , and by eliminating anger , selfishness and greed . 
( smart old man the Dalai ) simple but not so easy 
Be curious , not judgmental . 
Walt Whitman 
what was the first thing Adam said to eve ? 
stand back i don't know how big this thing gets . 
Every single person you encounter , even the ones who bother you , communicate some form of wisdom . Today , pay attention to how often your preconceived notions of people block you from hearing them . Daily Kabbalistic Wisdom 
I have been listening to the news coming from the TV in the other room and I believe there have been more political commercials than actual news . 
I am about to stop watching local news for the next few weeks . 
Very frustrating . 
does anyone know where I can take my brotha for free TB and Hep B testing ? 
C'est la vie say the old folks , 
it goes to show you never can tell 
Has anyone read " The Hunger Games " by Susanne Collins ? 
Take it down a notch people 
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking 
right there on the end of the leather sofa 
Insomnia last night 
Intrusive thoughts 
It has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , and they don't hold grudges . They ...... understand that life is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them ... Re-post if you have @ least 1 of these friends 
" Restore Reasonability " . 
any one with me ? 
Our nation is founded on the belief that all of us are equal and each of us deserves the freedom to pursue our own version of happiness . No one deserves to be bullied . 
Our Prez Obama to our youth 
The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the truth , neither humiliating nor mocking others , being humble , and having a good heart and helping others . 
Lindsay Funke : I'm tired of trying to find happiness through lies and self-medicating . 
If you need me , I'll be at the bar . 
Quote from " Arrested Developement " 
( my favorite tv show along with " All in the Family " ) 
Ultimately , humanity is one , and this small planet is our only home . If we are to protect this home , each of us needs to feel a vivid sense of universal altruism . It is only this feeling that can remove the self-centered motives that cause us to deceive and misuse one another . If you have a sincere and open heart , you naturally feel self-worth and confidence , and there is no need to be fearful of others . 
Dalai Lama 
the winter solstice brings the shortest day - and the longest night ! - of the year . 
the day that marks the return of the sun . 
My daughter Leena got her first college acceptance notice 
I am so proud of her ! ? 
It is my firm conviction that human nature is essentially compassionate and gentle . That is the predominant feature of human nature . Anger , violence , and aggression may arise , but on a secondary or more superficial level ; in a sense , they arise when we are frustrated in our efforts to achieve love and affection . They are not part of our most basic , underlying nature . 
Change 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday(Dec . 6 ) , there should 
be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for a 
campaign against violence on children 
It's daughter's week !! If you have a beautiful daughter(s ) that you love more than you can describe ; copy and paste this to your wall . Your daughter(s ) will only hold your hand for a little while ; but will hold your heart for a lifetime 
Is common sense relative ? 
what to leave in ....... what to leave out 
why so slow and freezing all the time ? 
? ? ? Happy Happy 16th Birthday to my Sweet Daughter Marie ? ? ? 
