Pudding Party in ...... 3 days and counting !! 
For my Savior , Jesus Christ , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he died for YOU and me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ AMEN , copy and repost 
... do the locomotion ... 
Loving the atmosphere here at Comrades . Something about being around these dedicated , hard working and totally crazy runners ! So proud of Moira and my boet ! 
I guess there will always be other fish in the sea .... » 0 » 0 
Officially bored out of my mind ! 
So there is this little thing called ' sleep ' and I'm totally gonna do it now ... yes ! mmmmm love you Mr Bed xoxo 
I hate sad movies , every time I watch them I know I'm going to cry but they always have such beautiful story lines , so I put myself through the tears anyway ! 
Wow what a day ! Moved Graham and Candi into their awesome new place ... congrats guys I'm sure you'll have many happy years there ! 
so sleepy ... zzzz 
Ok , sleep time , been a heck of a long week ! zZzzZZZzz 
Diploma ! Was so nervous but happy it's over =) 
" ... Be my friend , hold me . Wrap me up , unfold me . I am small and needy . Warm me up , and breathe me .... " 
Loving this atmosphere ... Awesomeness !! 
HmMMmm ... wonder why ? 
I cant say well done for last night Denise cos God gets all the glory for that moving and powerful message . but I can say that you were faithful to His calling and a open vessel allowing His word to flow . love ya sweeti xoxo 
What an incredible party ! Thanks Bo & happy birthday xoxo 
Thnx every1 for ur awesome birthday msgs ! I feel suuuuuper loved and wish I cud send a " old granny , smudge that lipstick on ur cheek " kiss and hug back 2 all of ya 2 say thnx xoxo nite :) ;p mwa 
" I can't help if you look like an angel , can't help if I wanna kiss you in the rain so , come feel this magic I've been feeing since I met you , can't help if there's no one else , hmmm I can't help myself ! " 
ouch ! such a headache .... no sleep tonight :( 
LoL ! Had a really fun time tonight ... those boys are CrAzY ! made me laugh ;) 
Stunning holiday , amazing birthday then ... ah man , back 2 work :( 
Feeling sucky right now ... :( wait , make that REALLY , REALLY sucky ! * sigh * 
Just joined Twitter ... am I now a Twit ? Oh well something new to waste the internet ha ha ;) 
Pure joy in trials . pure joy in trials , pure joy in trials , pure joy in trials .... gotta keep pushing through ! 
Church this morning was amazing & this evening's message just put the cherry on top ! 
Only 46 sleeps till Christmas ! 
" Some say the heart is just like a wheel ; when you bend it , you can't mend . And my love for you is like a sinking ship , my heart is on that ship out in mid ocean . " 
Looking forward to this weekend . God is gonna do some awesome things at the mission and lives will be changed ! 
Lets see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are ... Leave a ONE word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name . It can only be ONE word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
" Don't spend your time on and give your heart to any guy who makes you wonder about ANYTHING related to his feelings for you . " - ( He's just not that into you . ) 
" Saviour , He can move the moutains . My God is mighty to save , He is mighty to save ! " 
That piece of paper I'll never get , is screaming at me and all I wanna do is yell back ! 
Stunning party ! Had so much fun and congrats once again Jay ! :) 
That game ... GRRRR !! and that idiot suarez with the freaking tissue in his mouth ... i swear the uruguay team are all bloody drama queens !! disappointed :( 
Feel sick & super tired .... but all i need is rest from God alone . 
Things change in a heartbeat ... one second it's fine , the next it's bad news 
Let's hope that Paul is right ! 
I can't believe that its 2 years today since my mom got shot ! She is laughing , singing and breathing only by the grace of God ! 
Got myself a ghd ... finally ! SO excited ! :) 
" Beneath these clothes you find a man , and beneath a man you find ... his nucleus ... " ha ha you gotta love Jack Black , so funny ! 
Lay Witness Misson weekend kicks off today ! It's gonna be an awesome , spirit filled event and I pray that God uses the missoners and the home team to His glory ! 
It begins again .... 
Yah ! Shopping tomorrow =) 
Eish I hope all this stress is gonna be worth it ! 
Enjoyed that walk ... it's been a while ! Exercise = serotonin :) 
Second last day at work ! 
The fight between head and heart is an endless battle 
All i wanna do 2day is swim till i'm wrinkly , eat ice-lollies till i'm sick & get sunburn .... that's wat Summer is about ! 
If you want something you never had , do something you have never done . 
there are too many mind games to handle 
" Come and behold Him , bow down before Him . Jesus Christ is the Lord ! " 
Nothing better than a nice warm bath , then snuggle into my clean , soft P . J's and indulge with some hot chocolate .. mmmmm ! 
" I need a hero , I'm holding out for a hero till the end of the night , he's gotta be strong and he's gotta be fast & he's gotta be fresh from the fight ! " 
I'm done ! Enough ! No more ! 
What a strange dream ! Honestly , who gets the clothes they're holding stuck in a escalator ? More importantly , who dreams about holding clothes on an escalator !? 
I need to stop thinking so much , it's leading to feelings and feelings suck ! 
Was so moved 2night . God has really blessed me this weekend , being with His people & learning about the amazing things He has done 4 them encourages me 2 have faith in the plans He has for my life ! God bless , stay safe & warm this weekend & spoil ur moms 2morrow with love ! 
" Can't do it by myself , so I'm asking for your help , together we can change the world . Sail past where it's been charted , roll your sleeves up , lets get started ! Together we can change the world , together we can change the world ! " What an incredible song , wow !! 
Sunday lunch ... hmmm yum ! 
So don't feel like work 2day .. and i feel sicky & icky and it's all just sucky & yucky ! ahhh :( 
beginiG to foGet how to Care , don't uNderstand , wish We hadn't trIed at all , never meAnt to Be . 
Yes yes yes ! Netherlands you beauties , made my day xoxo 
That sucked ! :'( 
Be Kind Rewind is such a random movie !?... totally wanna watch their version of ghost busters though ! ha ha :) 
Off to Durbs tomorrow to support those crazy runners ! Good luck to Moira and my big boet who's running for the first time , we'll be cheering you guys on ! 
Dear Mr Rain : I won't do a dance to remove the sun but I will beg of you , please let the rain come ! 
what CrAzY dreams !! 
Well it's been a good year so far ... I mean how much could go wrong in 1 day ;) ha ha HAPPY NEW YEAR xoxo 
Jason van der Watt you gave me one hell of a bruise you big mean man ! Ouch :( 
" Some guys have all the luck ... " 
" If Jesus Christ be God and died for me , then NO sacrifice can be too great for me to make for Him . " - C.T. STUDD 
" Because tonight will be the night that I will fall for you , over again , don't make me change my mind . I won't live to see another day , I swear it's true , cause a girl like you is impossible to find . " LOVE this song ! 
" It's okay baby for you to feel , take as much time as you need to heal , such a pretty girl . " 
Waking up in Durban on Comrades weekend is awesome ! Thinking of my 3 runners ... I know you'll all be great ;) 
" ... and I wonder if I ever cross your mind , it's a quarter after one , I'm all alone and I need you now ... " 
you've caused me so much pain and hurt , you've make my bones ache and sore , you've made me unable to stand under the pressure anymore .... STUPID HIGH HEELS ! ( fun night tho ;>) 
Exhausted ! 
Oh my word ! I've had hicoughs 3 times today .... enough already 
Bring on Summer ! This cold is just crazy ... only 4 the Eskimos I tell u !!! 
Ah man , I hate it when you wake up on a Thursday and you think it's Friday ! 
Good food & a good chat with a great friend . Thanks bud ! 
Takeshi's Castle is too funny ! It's just so hilarious to watch others bail while corny music plays in the background and some British guy talks nonsense ! 
Hmmm .... sigh ! 
I hate this feeling sitting in the pit of my stomach ... and I just don't think it's going to go away ... 
Getting in the soccer mood ... just watched She's the man ! so fun :) 
Yes my boys ! Go Netherlands , GO ! 
Ah man ! the STOOOPID power is out .... :'( 
i NEED a hug ! :( 
Watching Sweeney Todd 4 the 1st time .... I'm NEVER eating another pie again ! 
It's not a fairytale when the princess is really a frog ... 
same old , same old 
Woah , imagine this time tomorrow guys ! The race over , the nervousness gone and the best feeling in the world because .... YOU DID IT ! 
" A bird could love a fish sir , but where would they live ? " 
10 hours & 21 minutes of running and Moira and Graham look great ! I couldn't be more proud of my brother , WOW ! 
Happy Father's Day to all those special dads ! Hope you get spoilt and feel truely appreciated ! Love you daddy xoxo 
I wish it was as easy as the click of my fingers .... 
Black = i hate u . Pink = i like u . Purple = i would date u . Blue = i DID love u . Red = i love u . Orange = i like talking to u . White = i really care about u . Silver = we're close . Green = u're hot . Yellow = i couldn't live without u . Brown = best friends . Copy and paste this as ur status and see what colours u get back . 
so over being sick , so over being tired and SO over feeling like my head is gonna explode ! 
It's going to be a really difficult week , have 2 make one of the hardest decisions ever , am sick-have NO VOICE and .... I don't think just a smile is gonna cut it this time cuz I'm hurt bad . 
Just got out of surgery .... they woke me from my cool dream ... am a hamster now ! 
Feeling sad cause of .....? it's life I guess :( 
" Have you ever hated yourself for staring at the phone , your whole life waiting on the ring to prove you're not alone . " -Pink 
SO SO SO bored !! 
Didn't shead one tear , and I'm a big baby when it comes to sad movies ... just didn't find the Notebook worth crying over ! 
so sad to leave all my kiddies today and also to have to say goodbye to some awesome friends ... been an amazing experience :) 
I want a house oneday , with a room in the middle , made of the shiniest and brightest glass . How beautiful .... ahh I wish*sigh * 
The best things in life are free , but you can give them to the birds and bees . I want your money , hmm honey , that's what I want !! 
" My soul longs for you , nothing else will do Lord ! I believe you will call like the rain . So let it rain ..... " 
Celebrated our church turning 10 years old today on the 10th day of the 10th month of 201o . Wow such a blessed day , Praise God ! 
What a load of nonsense ! Gotta stop listening to these voices in my head cause all they tell me are sweet little LIES ! 
" One day son all of this will be yours . " " What , the curtains ? " ha ha u gotta love Monty Python 
Saw the new Schuster movie with my awesome friends :) was so hilarious ! thnx 2 my sista 4 lending me her jacket , wud of frozen without it ;) u guys are the best !! 
If you and I have ever shared a laugh together , click the ' like ' button below ;) 
WANTED : A heart that never breaks . 
when it rains ... it POURS ! 
Any girls want a par t-t ime afternoon job teaching swimming ? Inbox me ! 
not happy :( 
Feels like Christmas ! got my kit 2day xoxo 
They aren't looking for me . They don't want to find ME . 
" Listen to your heart , when he's calling for you . Listen to yor heart , so what else can you do . I don't know where we're going and I don't know why but listen to your heart , before you tell him goodbye . " 
I want to marry an Italian man . They are exactly my type- tall , dark , passionate and it'll be either pasta or pizza every night ! I just need to find one now ... ha ha ;) 
i hate it wen i cant sleep cuz i immediatley start to think of u , & thinking of u is like waiting for rain in a drought-pointless and without hope :( 
argh ... that's how it is ... ya , just argh ! 
Yawn ..... zzzz 
Hmmm yum , SUSHI ! 
I want one of the PINK Sharks shirts ! How cool :) 
I'm there like a bear ! 
What a day ! so exhausted and drained ! sleep now .... ahh =) =) =) 
Feel deathly sick ! 
Eating popcorn , drinking hot chocolate and watching Pride and Prejudice ... ah bliss ! :) 
Sumtyms i say things i dont mean . sumtyms i say really mean things , i'd like to say now though that i'm sorry 4 harsh words , untoughtful phrases and silly remarks . we have 2 be so careful about wat we say , the tongue is like an untamable beast . watch wat u say cuz words run deep .... 
What a terrible dream ! Glad that's over .... 
" Different is nice but it sure isn't pretty , pretty is what it's about . I've never met anyone who was pretty , who couldn't figure that out . " 
Busy or Cave ? Either way .... SiLeNt ^_^ 
Dis now tyd om te slaap .... zzzz nite almal xoxo 
Can't wait to go camping ! Woop woop it's gonna be so much awesome . Friends , food , sun & a whole lotta fun ! 
=) Had such a nice evening , that pool was crazy cold but thanks my friends for all the fun . We'll miss u Wayne , don't be a stranger xoxo 
Summer , I need you , please come back sooner ... but properly this time .... not just for one or two hours ! Come on , I know we can make it last ! 
Go Bafana ! GO ! 
" Someday my prince will come , someday we'll meet again . And away to his castle we'll go , to a happy forever I know . Someday when Spring is here , we'll find our love anew . And the birds will sing , and wedding bells will ring , someday when my dreams come true ... " 
My mind is blank , my feet are cold . My heart is warm , I like silver and gold . I snort when I laugh , I choke when I cry . I'm unique , an original , just me , don't ask why , just me ... and I love me :) 
Tell me a secret ?! 
Life is full of disappointments , it's how you respond and react which will make or brake you . 
Barn dance tonight was AMAZING ! Thanks to the awesome youth pastors for your hard work and effort ... really fun , yipee ! 
Can't sleep & now there's no power so I can't even write or read , thank goodness for my ipod ! 
What an AWESOME Fun run/walk ! The morning was so well attended , the atmosphere was amazing and the weather was gorgeous ! FaNtAsTiC ! =) 
:'( I don't need the drama . 
Sometimes I wonder if I'm just a little boring ? 
TGIF ! 
You gotta love kids ... one of the girls I teach told me today " Jesus walks on water " ... what a blessing ! and she's only 4 years old ;) 
MERRY CHRISTMAS ! God bless & may Christ be at the centre of this blessed day xoxo 
Happy , no longer needy . Changing , no longer sleepy . Cuz I'm awake to see I deserve suport . Ready to give , so come on , let's start ! =) 
.... empty ... 
" Merry Christmas to all , And to all a good night ! " 
Happy New Years eve everyone ! Party hard , stay safe & enjoy :) 
Was a really awesome day ! Enjoy shopping with my girl Janine :) & had fun at Cath's 21st ;) Sleep now ... 
" Hello there , and I'm so sorry , I cannot sleep , I cannot dream tonight .... " 
Such an amazing day ! WOW really starting to feel like Summer now :) 
Some friends come into your life for a reason , others only for a season . 
Wish it was holidays already ! 
You gotta love the irony ! Feeling like a crook , middle of the night trying to put a dog back in her gate , in my p . j's no less and who should drive past ? The police ! Ha ha good times :) 
Choir practice then Band practice then Sleep practice ;) 
Been such a cool day ! Baby shower , Charles ' awesome party and now off to watch movies with my buddies ... love it ! xoxo 
I want DIAMONDS ! Lots and lots ... after all .... they are a girl's best friend ;p 
been a good day ;) 
" Never let the fear of striking out , keep you from playing the game ! " 
Wishing time would fly ... 
Been so busy teaching my pet rock to play dead ... 
TO THE MEN : Want a perfect woman ? Get a Barbie ! 
Practice what you preach !!!! 
In Jesus ' name , NO more blocks between me and God . AMEN 
Been a good day :) Thinking of someone ... 
Simon says : Do this , do this , do that . ha ha u did it ! 
WOW ! Jerseylicious is something else ! Love it xoxo 
Old habits , die hard ! 
" I want you to want me . I need you to need me . I'd love you to love me and I'm begging you to beg me . " 
So so happy and excited for you two ! Congrats ! xoxo 
Changing who you are for someone else ? I'm going to try not to be that cruel to myself ... 
" You make me feel out of my element , Like I'm walking on broken glass , Like my world's spinning in slow motion and we're moving too fast . " 
Terrible news 4 all Sharks fans : Patrick Lambie won't be playing 2mrw cuz he's getting married 2 me ! 
I can't beleive this is happening :( It's just so unfair , it's not supposed to be Monday again ! 
If anybody has anything to say ... Raise your hand ... and slowly put it over your mouth till the urge to talk has passed ! 
" Love is not a feeling , it's an abillity . " - Dan in real life . 
Some day ! Think I'm gonna sleep lekker 2night after that awesome rain ;) 
" Leave me out with the waste , this is not what I do . It's the wrong kind of place , to be thinking of you . It's the wrong time , for somebody new . It's a small crime , and I got no excuse . " -Damien Rice 
" Take a look , here I am . Can't you see . One simple smile from you could set me free . So if you , take a look , let your heart be your guide . I'll show you love if you take a look , at the girl inside . " -Kirsten Dunst 
If I wasn't allergic to cats I would want a Somali , they are SOOOO cute ! 
hmmm , NO ! 
Loved doing my girl Janine's hair & make-up for 2nite ;) so fun making people look good ! 
~ EiSh ! fEeLiNg NeRvOuS ~ 
So u dont believe in Jesus ? hmm thats weird , then I'm guessing u dont believe it's 2010 cuz * newsflash * , 2010 means 2 thousand & 10 years after Christ ! Think about it ... 
Silence ... 
Fidgety .... 
" I wish men came with instruction manuals " - The mirror has two faces . 
TO NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets . 1 ) They live here , you don't . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more than I like you . 4 ) To you , they are animals . ... To me , they are my babies and family ... who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back ! Re-post if you love your pet ! 
" Don't go wasting your emotions , lay all your love on me ... " ABBA 
WOW ! What a day ... if I wasn't tired before I'm officially EXHAUSTED now ! 
Singing 2nite for Carols by Candlelight ! ah man ... Christmas is so special =) 
Too comfortable with lonely ... 
Love this weather ! xoxo 
Having a good day ! 
What a sucky , terrible , miserable day ! 
1 step forward , 2 steps back 
Well that ' s just lovely ! 
Perfect Men and Unicorns .... both mythical creatures ! 
i look like i've had collagen ... which would be fine if it was on the upper lip too !! 
Tapping my ruby red slippers together and hoping for the best :) 
Just got back from surgery ... they woke me from my dream .... an a hamster now ! 
" A man who finds no satisfaction in himself will seek for it in vain elsewhere " -La Rochefoucauld 
Ag poo ! 
________\o/_______/\_________SHARK ATTACK !!!! 
Ah man seeing my little baby cousin today made me love kids even more ! xoxo 
Gotta practice my cha cha cuz that dance is hard ! 
Going to watch Mamma Mia today , gonna be fun ! 
Tis the season to be jolly ! xxx 
Who doesn't LOVE a good thunderstorm =) 
That swimming pool is calling my name ! 
ha ha ha what a cool day , took the dogs for a swim in a chillyc green pool .... that's what holidays are about ;) 
Thinking I should dye my hair red ... yes , no , yes , no ?! 
Why do I suffer for your cause , why do you force me to become something I cannot ever be ? 
Wow ... my legs are sooo sore ! Christmas shopping really takes it out of ya ; b 
Had a good day :) What a beautiful wedding ! 
Praying for a lucky break ! 
ah man i've missed my reading ! really enjoying my book :) ha ha- nErD 
Stupid , stupid , STUPID ! 
Stop SHOUTING ! 
So tired ! Holidays are exhausting sometimes ... zzz 
' You give me Your shield of victory , You stoop down to make me great . ' 2 SAMUEL 22 v36 
Hmmmm FOOD ! 
It's starting to feel like holidays more and more ! 
" What if a soul gives up , stops trying ? What if it's just so hard and the soul is left dying ? " 
so I like to watch animated movies like barbie & tinkerbell and so I love to watch Disney chanel ... I admit it , I'm a princess ! 
" Incompatible , it don't matter though cause someone's bound to hear my cry , speak out if you do , you're not easy to find " 
I have nothing to say really ... but this status box is so tempting I feel obligated to update it ! 
Busy , busy , busy ! 
" Fear is a dark room where negatives are developed " 
Lost in my own little world ... I promise I'll get back to you ... just as soon as I find the door .... 
You may grow old but some people will never grow up ! 
Shouldn't of let you in , in the 1st place . 
so sick of this right about now ! it's just so unfair sometimes ... 
Hmmmm it's good to be home in my bed ! Night night world xoxo 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU !!! 1 . Nuts . 2 . I'd Marry You . 3 . Talkative . 4 . Sarcastic . 5 . Smart . 6 . Moody . 7 . Dumb . 8 . Spoiled . 9 . Mouthy . 10 . Random . 11 . Hot . 12 . Funny . 13 . Fit . 14 . Amazing . 15 . Tough . 16 . Cute . 17 . Bf/Gf Type . 18 . The Best . 19 . Freak . 20 . Quiet . 21 . Sexy . 22 . Adorable . 23 . I want to kill you ... 
It feels good to be back at singing lessons ! 
Going to watch A Handful of Keys tonight , can't wait ! 
Quickly forgotten ... 
Good workout ! 
I will always be this way :( 
ouT Of siGht , Out oF mInd ! 
Feeling very cantankerous today ! 
interesting .... got eaten by lions in my dream , " woke " up & then got eaten another 3 times again ... then i finally woke up 4 real & decided that i really do have some strange dreams ! 
I wanna work at the Gatsby ! 
don't wanna gwt out of bed ! 
The amount of happiness is directly proportional to the amount of chocolate eaten ! 
Nerves Nerves Nerves ! * bitting nails * 
I PASSED ! 
I wish hair would wash , dry and style itself ! 
In the mood 2 watch Moulin Rouge right now , I wanna I wanna I wanna !!! 
Persecution is one of the surest signs of the genuineness of our Christianity- Benjamin Fernando 
Going out for din-din for my Daddy's bday ! Yeah Happy Birthday Dad :) <3 u ! 
Silver ring thing was totally awesome ! 
I am totally addicted to DrAmA ! 
Another great episode of Grey's! 
AMAZING gnome race 2mrw ! woop woop we GONNA win ! 
I hate parktown prawns ! YUCK !!! 
Feel like a McFlurry ! NOW ! 
Laser Quest was so fun , diner was lekker ! Love my awesome friends xoxo 
i REALLY need a job !!! 
YAH ! YAH ! YAH ! HOLIDAYS :) 
Do yourself a favour & go watch The King's Speech .... BRILLIANT !! 
Blueberry 
What a relief ..... over it 
" Out of reach , so far , you never gave your heart , In my reach , I can see , there's a life out there for me .... " 
" Come break me down , bury me , bury me , I am finished with you . " 
3rd dream that Graham & Candi are having a girl ... can't wait to find out ! So excited , the day is soon :-) 
Wow ! ;) Thank you all for the special bday messages :) i feels so blessed xoxo 
