my exams r finally over and now its time to relax !!! 
studying like hell for chem30 and math31 
im back from jamaica and i got sun burn yay ! 
for some odd reason i cant write on ppls walls i can comment on what ppl say on my wall yet i cannot post on theirs ... odd 
lol i worked my ass off this week so that i would have no work for reading week . I finished an essay thats due in a month , my prelab for chem and my bio lab thats due in two weeks . now im FREE ! 
today i learned that i am not a ghost 
im trapped in my house because of the snow HELP ME ! 
omg i just learned that i got an astronomy midterm right after reading week now i have to study :( 
god damn it i studied my ass of for the chem 201 term 2 test and i only got 65% the only consolations is that the average for all the classes was 57% but omg all that work for a C grade jeeze 
... studying ...... not fun ........ brain hurts 
... Im still trapped in my house and i cant go to university 
I got a B+ in Chem and an 85 on the final YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Im in toronto 
IM BACK FROM TORONTO 
university is back and i feel like crap yay ? 
probably failed myy chem 203 test :( 
my backpack is broke and i had to carry the damn heavy thing to and from university my shoulders hurt :( 
i got 100% on my stats 213 quiz :) but will probably fail the quiz that includes perms and combs 
day 1 of readin week rented uncharted 2 for PS3 and theres no one home , my mothers in toronto and my brother is gone as well . No one can stop me now 
well reading week is here and i started it by watching all the eoisodes if The Guild , good way to start it off 
lol i got 77.8 % on my chem 203 mid trerm i though i failed yay 
AHHHHH got bio midterm tomorrow 
just did my stats 213 midterm .................. probably the most stressful test ever 
I beat uncharted 2 !!!! ( would have done it sooner but my dad wanted to watch the olympics ) now im bored :( 
honestly believes his beard makes him smart 
did my stats quiz in 5 min i had like 55 min to spare 
i should be studying for stats and bio but im just staring at the paper and nothing is going on in my head 
studying chem drank a litre of dr pepper and im ready to go 
exams r over !!!!!!!! 
like death , pants are just an illusion 
just got skype what a magical thing that is 
the mutton chops have landed ! 
BEAT BATMAN ARKHAM ASYLAM over the weekend cause i got no life !!!!!! X ) 
having trouble with this lab .... 
3 down 1 to go ! 
amazing what u find in between the seats if a couch . dust , money , pencils , monopoly pieces , risk pieces , a full deck of cards , and my cell phone 
one more day till my exam and i STILL DONT WANNA STUDY WTF !!!!!!! 
woke up at seven today , went downstairs and saw a kid pissing in my backyard while i was making breakfast . WTF 
lol cant cook , and im home alone , will someone come over and make me some food ? im hungry :( 
Robin : " You can't get away from Batman that easy ! " Batman : " Easily . " Robin : " Easily . " Batman : " Good grammar is essential , Robin . " Robin : " Thank you . " Batman : " You're welcome . " 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOORED ! 
lol oddly enough im glad the storm knocked out my power i was able to study with out any distractions ..... but now ...... 
Can't w8 to see kick ass 
losing faith in humanity because of Ann Coulter 
i am so smrt i went to class today , and found out there isnt any ! or any friday for that matter YAY ! 
well i definitly failed the stats quiz today cause i have no clue how to use minitab or even excel for that matter 
MY GOD . Just as i was 
entering the university this afternoon a golf ball sized chunk of hail 
smacked in head . OUCH 
Actually enjoys studying bio alot those 5 hours went by fast ..... but chem my god 5 hours felt like 5 days i hate it i wish i nvr have to do chem again ( looks on degree navigator and sees chem 351 ) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
scott pilgrim vs the world is probably my fav movie ever now !!! 
UGH bio exam today then chem tomorrow .............. sooooo tired of studying 
its 12:30 im bored and i dont wanna go to sleep cause ill have 2 study tomorrow ... 
in the library AGAIN studying ( attempting to anyways ) and i got here at 8 am my exam is at 7 pm fml 
bored again 
they cured ebola ? holy sht ! 
likes modnation racers 
my money is on al capone 
discovered that theres an animal called sea pork 
guess ppl owe me money cause the zande warrior kicks ASSSS 
EXAMS R OVER ! 
my cat took a bite of my cheesecake 
does not want to go back to school 
really misses hapkido 
oficially awake 4 24hrs 
hates calgary transit 
Everything is under control ? YOUR GRABBIN A FUCKING BAZOOKA U DUMBASS !!! 
who keep phoning me ? 
my soci proff just did a wicked mr mackey impersonation 
lol Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia- the fear of long words ... whoever termed this was an asshole 
loves ants 
FEEL SMART ..... S-M-R-T !!! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! got a 95% on bio 233 final and an A in the classs !!!!!!!!!!! 
watchin house ... 
got an exam at eight in the morning tomorrow so ..... GOOD NIGHT EVERY BODY 
thinks hes gotten sick somehow 
I gots me learners ! 
my bio 311 prof looks like charles darwin ! 
Luke skywalker : So i was attacking the death star when it hit me ! " i need a computer that can target the exhaust hatch ! " SO i tols the boys at microsoft and BOOM ! Windows 7 comes out . Now i can rely on bvlowing up the death star without using the force . My name is luke skywalker , and windows 7 was my idea . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! I CANT DO GENETICS ! 
SCARED OF THE FINAL 
imma GOING TO ORLANDO !!!!! 
playing just cause 2 really fun game once u get used to it 
MAG is awsome ! 
Roses are Red , Violets are Blue , In Soviet Russia , POEM READS YOU ! 
fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel fuzzy navel 
my brother just performed a random act of kindness ... IS THIS REAL LIFE ? 
Im sorry i thought you was corn 
hates it when I'm working on a lab and suddenly I'm watching cartoons and posting on facebook 
thinks hes gotten sick 
remember if the toast lands butter side down its the devil !!!! 
finally home and happy 
freedom !!!!! 
does anyone remember math 211 cause apparently i cant do it :( 
supposed to work on a lab with my partner ... hes a no show WTF ! 
Stereoscopic 3D is just a parlor trick . It's an 
interesting effect that is an unusual quirk of humans having two eyes . 
It's not a step towards that possible future , any more than a cardboard 
cut-out of Henry VIII is a step towards the invention of time travel . 
redid his shopping cart and is redy to pik his classes for fall and winter 
They asked me how well I understood theoretical physics . I told them I had a theoretical degree in physics . 
WOW my math GTA calculated 5(1)+8(0) = 13 lol 
well my week off is over i guess its bak to classes ... ugh 
i saw the last airbender today ....... could have been better . ill give it a C 
aw man my TV is busted :( now what am i gonna do ? 
my brother fixed my laptop HUZZA ! 
UGH midterm today :( 
life is but a drop in the bucket compared to those who r dead 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone's status , word for word , and see if they notice 
mama mia papa pia , baby got da diarrhea 
apparently i am not immune to my brothers griefing 
my brother wont let me play starcraft 2 :'( 
boy scalpels sure are sharp ! 
ell it seems my only class today is cancelled ... came all the way here for notin 
classes have started and i am depressed 
GUESS WHOS BACK 
finished my anthro final in 20 minutes spent the next 15 minutes goin over it again 
the k key from my key board fell off >:( 
i did not hit my head on the garage door 
LOL I finish at 10:45 today 
wearing my cat as a hat 
WHAT HAPPENED I USED TO BE SOO GOOD AT BAD COMPANY 2 ? 
just learned by brother is a big fukin greifer on minecraft 
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo 
:( spectroscopy is hard :( 
kidnapping ? more like surprise adoption ! 
just saw inception ... but now i wonder ... DID I WATCH IT ? 
Always remember you're unique , just like everyone else . 
John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden 
AHHHHHH where the hell is my mouse !!! 
TRON WAS AWESOME ! 
reinstalling everything on his goddamn laptop 
is sitting in the loft studying for chem :( 
is making a pizza 
memorizing the anatomy of a lamprey fun ! 
I hate being bipolar , Its fucking awesome ! 
for those of you who have seen me with my mutton chops today youll be sad to know that they are no more . And for those who have not seen them , dont worry theyll be back next year 
