omg omg i want 2 c bruno ! and year one of course 
wants 2 c the last house on the left 
the mummy 3 is well not as good as the first 2 .... but i can't work out why ... 
is it just me , or is that new no alchohol beer they're advertising THE worst idea EVER ?? hitting edinburgh 2morrow , yayyy 
hopes to be involved in the uni's new newspaper - it's satirical and way cooler than the other one with its ' student news ' 
can't get sean kingston's ' beautiful girls ' out my head for some reason ... 
kill bill 2 is shit 
:D -,'-< 
" where to go when u casn't go on with this filthy fable , tell me Mabel " 
life is too beautiful to be real 
the new harry potter is shit 
Uni soon !!! whoop-dee-do heeeeeeeeeeeere we go ! 
uni soon ! 2 weeks til freshers ' week ! 
wonders if the new harry potter will be any good ... 
om tare tu tare ture svaha 
' let it never be said that romance is dead ... rubyrubyrubyruby ... ' 
" They send one of yours to the hospital , you send one of theirs to the morgue . " 
" with naked sword at the Council board , /And under the throne the snake " 
what's on my mind ? pure ecstasy i guess - either that or nothing . you can't have everything . though i try my best . lol . 
" Take me now ... " 
is going 4 it ... 
went 4 it ! 
having a quiet nite in - classic song nite . " woa-oa-oa .... mysterious girl .... i wanna be with you , girl i wanna spend the night with you , i wanna be with the woman that i love " . weird 2 think that in just 4 years he's married and now divorced - bit long for a celeb marriage rly . y do they even bother getting married ?? they shud just shack up ! celeb weddings r just PR to get our attention . 
" tonight we dine in hell ! " - nothing beats a good stabby classic ! 
I'd be pole-dancing right now if I could just find a pole ... anyone ? 
what's on my mind ? hmmmmm .... ice cream ? 
yessss !!!!!!!!!! EDINBURGH !!!!!!!!!!! GR8 DAY ! :D 
feels like siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiingiiiiiiiiing 
' teardrop on the fire ' 
" Everybody knows you cried last night . " 
i'm so happy and i dunno why 
SocialInterview is kewl . y does my crim law lecture have to be now ?? cant w8 2 c Triangle ! 
is one smug bitch 
what's on my mind ? the Song of Life ! it goes like this : lalalalalalalalalalalalala ..... lalalalalalalalala .... lalalalalalalalala ... LA !!! 
teardrop on the fire .... 
now I know y ppl like socialinterview lol 
admits to being a druggie suffering from caffeine withdrawal symptoms cos haven't had coffee for 2 days . 
been on the Angels webpage looking for my photo but its not up ! 
" baby boy not a day goes by without my fantasies " 
;D 
wants chocolate ! 
is happy 
tutorial in an hour ! crap ! 
lalalalala .... 
wildest night ever on Sat , and i still can't b-leev everything i did , its so funny ! hahaha ! 
nuffin much . life's beautiful . what more'd u want , fbook status ? stop askin me whats on my mind ! 
is actually LOOKING FORWARD to Crim law exam 2moz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
;p 
just applied for the xchange !! 
Everywhere i go , they say : INVU ; cos when ure in front of a mirror it's W , and when it's time for T they all ask Y do INVU ? Is it cos ure as skinny as a YR ? Y , Y , Y do we NVU ?? But O we do , we do , we do ; R we do , we do , we do ! 
Everywhere i go , they say : INVU ; cos when ure in front of a mirror it's W , and when it's time for T they all ask Y do INVU ? But O we do , we do , we do ; R we do , we do , we do ! Everyone says this wherever I go , and Cessa says : especially my sister FL , who's as skinny as a Y R , and my brother we call L cos he's so F M-inat ... e and our last name's Macpherson . 
" how extraordinarily dramatic life is ! " - Oscar Wilde 
Everywhere i go , they say : I-N-V-U ; cos when ure in front of a mirror it's W , and when it's time for T they all ask Y do I-N-V-U ? Is it cos ure as skinny as a Y-R ? Y , Y , Y do we N-V-U ?? But O we do , we do , we do ; R we do , we do , we do ! 
soz i've not been on l8tly , esp . Siobhan , thnx 4 all the stuff u sent me , i wasn't ignoring any1 . 
Everywhere i go , they say : INVU ; cos when ure in front of a mirror it's W , and when it's time for T they all ask Y do INVU ? But O we do , we do , we do ; R we do , we do , we do ! Everyone says this wherever I go , and Cessa says : especially my sister FL , who's as skinny as a Y R , and my brother we call L cos he's so F M-inate and our last name's Macpherson . 
did u seeTower Block of Commons last nite , hilarious ! and those houses were SOOO DIRTY u wouldn't bleev it was in this country !! this bathroom had mould on the walls and a rusty shower curtain pole and in a NEW house let out by the council , they ' d left the sofa and it was BLACK with dirt !! 
Maybe someone should apply for a licence to shoot stray dogs humanely , then they could shoot her cos she's a bitch . I hope she's reading this haha . lol . 
" take me 2 the place i love , take me all that way " 
Avatar is so good ... i think i'm hooked now ! defo going 2 c it again . 
why does fbook keep on telling me to add ppl i dont even know but somehow share 40+ friends with ?? i dont care !! then when i add them , it doesnt even work and it keeps telling me to do it !!! and its always the SAME names ! 
going 2 c Avatar 2moz - yess ! 
And meeting with a woman who mercy-killed her son then slagging her off behind her back that she got away with it . She gives Christians a bad name . Bet if her and George Bush were fuck buddies and had an offspring , it'd be the 3rd antichrist that Nostradamus is meant to have predicted . 
" take me to the place i love , take me all that way " 
is finally relaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaxed ... 
is in a poetic mood ... 
is wondering what sort of stunt a certain LSC candidate will come up with next ... Universal Studios just HAS to make a film about this . It'd be even better than Legally Blonde 1 and 2 or those chick flicks I h8 - Slap her She's French had NOTHING on this plotline ! 
Only 2 days till the elections !! 
is going to Stirling on Wed for a catch-up yesssss 
So now we wait ... 
my Commercial lecture's been cancelled AGAIN - 3rd time in a row ! Just checked elections site , it was a good run and I've no regrets - plus I'm still on the Council heheh ... always take out an INSURANCE , ppl ! 
plus theres no such thing as a " moral code " , and it's useless to make up " moral codes " unless its only for yourself , personally - I have a set of principles , but don't believe in morals in this narrow sense they are talking about . 
AOL NEWS STORY - child of lesbian parents chucked out of Catholic School : " If a child of gay parents comes to our school , and we teach that gay marriage is against the will of God , then the child will think that we are saying their parents are bad , " he writes . " We don't want to put any child in that tough position . " - well , what do you think you should stop doing ??? 
cool , I reached the 400 friends mark . No longer will I feel like a social outcast , rejected by my peers , as I stare pitifully at my 380-something figure and feel those with that magic 400+ looking at my profile and shaking their heads sadly ... 
Someone also wrote that the school teaches kids " that god is an authority over their life " !!! and gives them a " moral code " !! omg can you imagine the effect on young kids ? They'll never be normal . And how is it " moral code " to discriminate against people just cos theyre in the minority ?? 
Craig's friends in LSC have got the student support officer to send their email claiming he's not breaking rules ! will they ever play fair !! 
all the drama ! the passion ! the ( insert dramatisation here) ! and now its all over , and nothing but studying and exam revision ... looks like I'll have to find a new hobby . Maybe I'll even get a job haha lol !! 
If you're at Edinburgh Uni , vote now on MyEd in the EUSA elections and get your vote in before 7pm tomorrow ! 
yippee i got an ISA , now they can't tax my interest ! 
OMG I can't believe ANN WIDDECOMBE was presenting a program about RELIGION on the BBC , it's an insult to Christianity to have such an evil person talking about it , bitching about how we need to be like the Puritans and slagging off teen parents , divorce , abortion , euthanasia , drinking , " sexual promiscuity " ( whateva tht is ) , etc etc . 
I wish the 10th series of Family Guy was available on dvd right now . Wouldn't it be so cool if Quagmire was a real person and I knew him , bet he would give me a more thorough education than my degree course ;D but Peter's my fave fat idiot on this planet . 
a uni in America suspended their star player from the basketball team for having sex and not being married - i thought America was the land of the free ? and what is desirable about post-maital sex anyway ? i bet it's crap 
can't wait for the bellydancing performance ! I get to be onstage at the Pleasance theatre :D yay 
such a boundless imagination , so very little actual drawing skills 
yay i'm head of advertising :D still wish i'd got the marketing/PR position tho ... still , can't wait :) 
Watching chalet girl 
just had a gr8 day in the Burgh with Lorna and Tizzy :D 
s my dog's b-day , he's 3 ! :D he had a gr8 time in Floors Castle , took him there for a bithday treat cos he loves running around there :) 
wants to see Sucker Punch :D 
Titanic 2 ?? Seriously ..... where do these movie director/screewnwriter ppl get their ideas ? 
MMMMM .... EASTER EGG ... 
is happy :D 
hopes to get a shit job with sugar pay so I can loads of ear piercings ! 
Fed up with this snow cos i cant go anywhere , see anyone , do anything , and have missed classes at uni and bellydancing . Im just going to retreat into soc 
end of the year , yippee . well , we've still got exams and it's not technically the end of 2nd year , but u know what i mean ... 
don't u just h8 it when ur schedule is sooo booked u can't find time to do like 1 little thing ?? it's like Sex and the City but without the designer dresses . 
Am cutting down to just 2 choc bars a day so i hav more to spend on piercings ... and i dont hav withdrawal symptoms yet ! :) 
" we'll make heaven our place on earth " .. nothing like the classics ... and that " i'm the worlds greatest " is STILL one of my faves even tho it was my fave song when i heard it aged 11 ! 
is happy ;) 
Imagine what a truthful CV would look like ? " Interests : watching TV , masturbating , getting drunk , having sex " 
exams in like 2 days . for 2 days . and they're the same course . 
thanks for all your birthday wishes everyone ! :D XXXX 
ial isolation and be a hermit 
wants a job so she can get loads of ear piercings ! 
I had £6 billion I would be ecstatic but also very bored . It's the chase , not the prey that does it for me . 
can't believe i have liberal moral views - always thought i had strong ones , but i took a real psychological test on fbook and it says i do ... and now i realise i've had liberal moral views all along , since i was about 11 , i guess ! 
wishes BBC would play Family Guy all night from 7 to 2pm 
it's amazing how they stick the last half of the commercial course in 1 question , and the rest of it in the other . we spent months learning an entire type of law and they grade us on what we write in 2 hours . yeah . 
A vicar banned from fostering for being homophobic and not allowing gays into his home on AOL News said " Even if we disagree with the rights of gay couples to adopt because it goes against our Christian beliefs , it doesn't make us bad foster parents " ... like really ... he said that . 
I don't want to be twenty years old . But I can't help feeling it's going to be a significant year for me ... 
got Avatar yesterday ... blue people are so cute ! 
is bored 
O MORE EXAMS !!! FUCK YEAHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! 
is happy :D - and chk out BMEzine , it's so kewl lol ! 
Is playing ' God tv'/god channel on the tv !! and watching loonies jumping around and falling over ... it'd be hilarious if it wasn't so tragic ! am getting used to it but still , I'll never get creeped out by any horror films again after this . 
chk out BMEzune ! 
hi Ewannn ... r u going to T in the Park ? I don't think I'm going this time lol x 
got a job :) 
glesga on sunday :) 
is happy :) 
" he kissed me/his one and only/his beautiful liar " 
" Oooh heaven is a place on earth " ... Ms Carlisle , you were sooooo right ... 
is feeling happy :) 
My mum got egg rolls from hong kong and they are called Ching Kee rolls !!! Thats the companys name ! Lmao ! 
" hush little baby don't u cry everything's gonna be alright ... daddy's here to hold u thru the night " 
he was a sk8r boi , she said c u l8tr boi ... the classics rule ! 
yippee the box-extension thing in my room is now painted ... now i'm going to do crazy paintings on top just like the rest of my room ( which is an interior designer's worst nightmare lol ) 
has decided to stay the same skin colour for ever and not use lightener creams or surgery , even when I'm a legal professional . It's a big decision and I never thought I'd be making it , but it's the right way to go ( 4 me ) . 
loves online shopping cos u can browse the same store for 2 hrs - imagine tht in real life . 
printing nearly 100 sheets just costs a couple £ !! if only i'd known it was so cheap to waste trees ! 
Just got facebook mobile ! :) 
A Hungarian 18 year old sold her virginity for 200k ! To a British guy - she's flying here . Lucky bitch , I'm so jealous , bet loads of girls and guys wish they'd thought of that instead of giving it away for free , maybe they should get a hymenoplasty and do it ! 
Loves bellydancing , its so cool ! 
read Freud's ' totem and taboo ' last nite , i didn't know i love psychology ! i wasn't planning to buy it , i just did . if he's right then we as a species are so screwed up . 
;D happyhaappyhappy 
Am reading all of de sades books , its not as freaky as i thought it wid be :) 
:D 
;D oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah ... 
A customer at work told me im a sexy girl with sexy skin colour and great face and tits ... Hows tht for a compliment ! lmao ! 
Is at work :) 
i'm stretching my ears ! :) 
had to chuck out £60 worth of unused hair styling and bath products - i forgot i had them and kept buying new ones ... most weren't even opened ! and some were 3 years old so i guess i can't put that in the bath , they mustve gone off . 
Is hippy hoppy happy woop woop 
Just got the latest family guy boxset frm gyle centre ... cant wait to get home and hav a family guy dvd orgy ... 
Loving the boots i just got from schuh ! Wanted the bondage style but it was sold out in scotland , then i saw this pair and fell in sweet sweet lurrrvve ... 
Is going to be a ( mostly ) blonde in an hour :) 
uploaded first pic to anime otk site :) yeah after 11 years of doodling this shit , I'm finally showing it to the world :) 
And i just found out the swearword chink means the best of the best in Chinese ! So its a compliment ! 
Read half of " Justine " last nite - it's not nearly as violent as I was afraid it would be , and the descrptions aren't graphic at all , they lack tension , emotion and creativity . 
yay bellydancing in 15 mins :) 
yay i hav mobile/wireless internet on the laptop ! woohoo ! 
is finally relaaaaaaaaaaaaaxed 
... and wait ... 
btw , someone called " Tabber7 " commented on the story , saying Karl Marx worshipped the devil and Marxists are taking over the world and responsible for allowing gay marriage as part of their plan for world domination . The Catholic Church is apparently our only hope - well , if you're straight , a virgin/married , a Catholic , etc , of course ! 
