Needs that stupid testimony book for Mr. Chris and my mom isn't letting me buy it cuz its a " waste of money " and I don't have a library card -___- somebody help me out 
Just got her free Levi Curve Jeans :) 
Is the only dancer without any dance photos :( 
... bored so im goin to the zoo ... again 
Oh , i get it now ... topeka + google = april fool's joke =D 
wants to go to the beach next week 
[]= ==[ """ | """ | """ | """ ]|) > ---- ? 
listening to the beatles 
so tired from rehearsal ... don't think i could do it tommorrow 
sleeping at 10 and waking up at 11:30 really does have its benifits 
Bob Dylan sounds like he has laryngitis ... 
finally stopped raining ... if only i actually had something to do today 
Don't know if we have homework ... What's Ms. sargent's Hw ? 
I don't think I'm sick anymore !!! 
such a nice day with nothin to do ... 
James E . Harris Jr , I need to talk to you IMMEDIATELY 
I didn't get to watch adventure time ... I feel like such a lame 
I can't stop eating pringles ! I'm pretty sure its laced with crack 
is waiting VERY impatiently 
I cannot wait until school is over ! 
uhh ... its gonna rain 
i woke up at 1 pm fully energized from jessica's lauselle's sweet 16 . It was sooo fun ! 
Blue waffel . 
I have a cold ... -_- 
I Left my swimmy ( the name of my fish neckalace ) at the theatre . So if you see it PLEASE DON'T STEAL SWIMMY ! 
I Want a freakin valentine -__- 
I BETTA go to the beach on monday 
beach was sooo much fun but my hair now looks like a train wreck 
New phone my number is 347 628 0758 . text me when you get this so i could have it in my contacts :) 
Every fiber of my being wants to go to the beach tomorrow ... 
could use somebody 
New cell phone ! text me your name so i could hav it in my contacts : 3476280758 
Had fun today with Brittney Jones 
Had so much fun at the beach today with isabella lupin peralta ! 
saw " Dispicable Me " ( Yay ! ) and is in a very intense poke war with Roy Rodriguez 
My computer finally works again ... :) I missed fb 
When do we go back to school ? 
is unable to do anything because of Adolph's(aka mom ) absolute monarchist facist policy . Living in a totalitarian state has ABSOLUTELY no benefits . I probably won't be able to hang out for like a week or even go outside and I won't be surprised if I'm starved . I better stop talking before Louis XIVI sends me to the gulliotine ... I dream of independance ... 
you know its way too hot when your cat tries to sleep in the refridgearator ... 
had an interesting talk with Kaya Bianca Mehlomakulu and Patches Sr Aol Reilly at south street seaport 
wants to go to the kings of leon concert soooo badly ... 
PEOPLE TEXT ME ! I got a new phone 347 628 0758 
got a ballet scholarship for the fall and is mad excited 
I LOVE JOLENE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Really wants to go to the new pop tarts store in times square 
had fun today with Kaya Bianca Mehlomakulu broadway in bryant was awesome ! so was the iguanas in soho ... 
Tried to go to the Pop-Tarts store today ... 12$ for 6 pop tarts my ass ... and the line to make your own pop tarts was hella long -___- 
Valentines Day is coming up , copy this on your status , and see what people Say : 
Gold'- Be my valentine 
Red'- I use to like you 
Orange'- Will you be mine ? 
Yellow'- I think your cute 
Green'- I want to get to know you better 
Purple'- I love you 
Pink'- I want a kiss 
Blue-Betstiesss :) 
I like it on the dresser 
My legs have been sore for a week now ... this can't be normal 
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow :( 
I miss him alot :( 
My computer isn't being nice to me -____- 
is about to go to the beach :) 
why do the adults in my life keep making me do things i obviously don't want to because they're too damn lazy to do it themselves ? This is getting really annoting and I really hate walking around my neighborhood ronning errands for lazy people due to the fact that everytime I step out the house some hood rat and/or bum trys hitting on me . -_- fml 
I really want my I-Pod back , whoever stole it really sucks 
How come everytime I'm unexplainably sick my mother asks me if I'm pregnant ? Well it's really annoying and no mom I AM NOT PREGNANT and I'm also NOT SEXUALLY ACTIVE . Thank you very much :) 
Stop poking me Roy Rodriguez -_- 
Dear Justin Beiber , You are not the kurt Cobain of MY generation so stop fooling yourself . Kurt Cobain was an actual musician who made real music but if he were alive to hear such a ridiculous qoute I bet he would say : " Well , I feel like the Justin Beiber of MY generation and thats why I shot myself in the head . " 
MUSE WON !!!!!!!! 
i'm hungry ... 
These repertory drama pages are starting to get extremely annoying . Its pathetic 
Every year it feels less and less like christmas 
I'm snowed in and I can't go anywhere ... I wanna go home 
I've just declared born this way by lady gaga the new gay guy anthem 
Cee lo is putting lady Gaga to shame with that outfit !!!!!!! 
:( 
Why are everybody's profile pictures cartoons ? Am i missing something ? 
So there's an awesome rave/party tonight and I'm most likely not going because I'm a lame :( 
Now time to tackle that essay ... 
I hate fuckin transcendentalists -_- 
i think im allergic to milk 
Do we have homework for chris's class ? 
Today , I got asked directions for weed -_- 
Thanks for the happy B-Days :) 
I'm 17 years old , its friday night and Im at home eating a veggie burger 
Pineapple 
Why does everyone have a tumblr now ? 
