I'm in whitehorse for 6 weeks 
I'm back home and have a new baby brother 
I MISS CAMP !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
MOTLEY CRUE JANUARY 23 !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
IS AT MONICA'S . Monica Joan Ogden TO BE EXACT . 
avatar was a horrible movie 
i dont get y people are afraid of the unknown becaues the unknown is usually way more fun than the known 
merry christmas , happy hanica happy kwanza and whatever other celebrations there are today 
happy christmass eve 
IT'S CHRISTMAS BREAK !!!!!!!!!! 
ONLY 2 MORE YEARS TILL THE WORLD ENDS ! I'M STOKED 
it's alot of peoples birthday today so happy birthday 
73% ! highest in my corps 
just saw a pink floyd tribute band :) 
STOKED FOR MOTLEY CRUE ON SATURDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
CRUE ROCKED !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ahhhhhhhhhhh i cant think of what 2 write 4 the next scene of my play im freakin out D= 
NSCE phase 1 tomorrow 
2nd place !!! 
IMPROV SOUTH ISLAND CUP !!!!!!!!! VIC HIGH FTW 
MOTLEY CRUE !!!!!!!!! stoked 4 saturday :P 
eating chilly ... yum =D 
EVERYONE IN VICTORIA ! go to the improv south island cup finals tonight at 7:30 at vic high to watch some awesome improv and hopefully see vic high win . Tickets are $8.00 for students and $10.00 for everyone else outside the auditorium in the foyier 
you'll have to excuse me I'm not at my best , I've been gone for a month , I've been drunk since I left and these so called vacations will soon be my death , I'm so sick from the drink , I need home for a rest 
too much popcorn ... blaaaaaaaa 
I NEED YOUR CLOTHS ! YOUR BOOTS ! YOUR MOTORCYCLE !!!!!!!! 
goin to see the wolfman 
doing a novel study which is due tomorrow :( 
my computer is FUBAR 
STOKED TO DIRECT A PLAY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
<(") WE LOST HOCKY ! y did they use broduer instead of luongo ? OUR TEAM IS DUM 
EVRYONE AUDITION FOR MONICA AND MY PLAY THURSDAY FEB25 AT LUNCH AND AT LUNCH AND AFTER SCHOOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OOOOOOOOOOOOUCH MY THUMB ! 
watching serenity 
CAST LIST POSTED TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
congrats to evryone who auditiond today u all did an excelent job ! i hope most of u get the parts u want :) 
of course canada wom they put luongo in net this time :) 
for goodness sake , I've got the hippie hippie shake :P 
I'm walking by the memorial arena with hilevy and alexis when some chick stops beside us in a van chick : " where's shelbourne and mcdonalds " us : " shebourne and mcdonalds ? " chick : " don't laugh at me i'm a tourist , im not from here " us : " there's no mcdonalds street " chick : " where's the nearest mcdonalds . FUCK YOU LUCKY CHARMS ! " { throws lucky charms at us and drives off } fun times =D 
that deaf dumb and blind kid sure plays a mean pinball 
S A F E T Y SAFETY DANCE , we can dance if we want to we can leave your friends behind cause your friends dont dance and if they dont dance well they're no friends of mine 
OZZY IN 4 HOURS 
this is our decision , to live fast and die young , we've got the vision , now lets have some fun 
two of us riding nowhere , spending someones hard earned pay 
itetete ( that means ouch ouch ouch in japanese ) ;) 
going to chill with Forest and Monica today :D 
my spoon is too big 
set the controls for the heart of the sun 
listening to great gig in the sky :) 
going to see nazareth sunday :D 
way too tired for life 
didnt get to go to the zombie walk because of an ftx :( lame 
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo felicia got a higher average on NSCE than me AND school tomorrow D: 
ROB HALFORD OPENING FOR OZZY OSBOURNE IN 5 HOURS 
ONLY 3 MONTHS TILL SUMMER !!!!!!!!! i'd better get into LD&C 
i dont need no arms around me , i dont need no drugs to calm me , i have seen the writing on the wall , dont think i need anything at all , all in all it was all just brics in the wall , all in all you re all just bricks in the wall 
the weekend is over :( 
headed to vancouver tomorrow morning to see roger waters tomorrow night :D goin on a musical journey !!! 
all i can say is that my life is pretty plain , i like to watch the puddles gather rain , and all i can do is just poor some tea for two , and speak my point of view but it's not sane :D 
would u believe me if i told u i was being followed by a yellow submarine ? 
I could use a good laugh : You and i wake up in jail together . Using 
only 4 words , what would you say ? ( note if you comment you gotta post 
this as your status . Fair is fair ..... Play along . ) 
for goodness sake , ive got the hippy hippy shake 
HAS RETURNED HOME !!!!!!! :D 
REHERSALS ROCKED TODAY !!!!! 
this weekend was the first time in over 2 months i've done absolutely nothing :D it was pretty great 
watching godzilla :D 
got 4 hours of sleep last night and 3 friday night ,... put together that is exact amount of sleep the average person should get EVERY NIGHT :O 
got that rainbow feel , but the rainbow had a beard 
hakuna matata :D 
proper preparation prevents piss poor performance 
fml co's parade 
HOW DID WE MEET ? ( Copy this to your status and see who remembers ? ) 
my chanter reed flew across my room , bounced off the wall and is now lost forever :( 
there is snow falling from the sky D: 
You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice . 

If you choose not to decide , you still have made a choice . 
You can choose from phantom fears and kindness that can kill ; 
I will choose a path that's clear 
I will choose freewill . 
only 4 weeks till school's out ... THEN CAMP SOON AFTER :D 
abbey road = THE GREATEST ALBUM EVER CREATED BY ANY MAN , MORTAL OR NOT 
and in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make 
had a very strange night with Geoff Christie Ward , Alexis Magdalena Bégin , Mitchell J Auger-Langejan , Ryan Elder , Anthony Morin , and Jenn Geranium Neufeld 
i'd like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden in the shade 
one acts ROCKED and i dont think im sick anymore so its been an awesome start to the weekend . GOOD JOB CAST AND CREW 
Anyone 
could seeThe road that they walk on is paved in gold 
And it's 
always 
summer , they'll never get cold 
They'll never get hungry 
They'll 
never get 
old and gray 
You can see their shadows Wandering off somewhere 
They 
won't 
make it home 
But they really don't care 
They wanted the 
highway 
They're happier there today 
has just made a resume and decided that he will [ gulp ] apply for a job 
school's starting again :( I CALL SHINANIGANS 
S How I wish , how I wish you were here , We're just two lost souls , Swimming in a fish bowl , Year after year , Running over the same old ground , What have we found , The same old fears , Wish you were here 
OZZY OSBOURNE IN 1 WEEK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
rocky raccoon checked into his room only to find gigans bible , rocky had come equipped with a gun to shoot off the legs of his rival 
TOY STORY 3 IS AWESOME !!! ESPECIALLY IN THE IMAX :D 
i want to be under the sea in an octopuss's garden 
johnny played guitar , jenny played bass , name of the band is the human race , tell me everybody have u heard , pop goes the world 
BLOOP ! WTF IS THIS BLOOB !? FACEBOOK SHOULD NOT BLOOP ! IT SHOULD POP ! AAAAAAAAH >:( 
is at rocky mountain cadet summer training center from july 11th - august 22nd 
we are , we are the saints , we sold our lives away , doesn't matter what you think , we're gonna do it anyway , we are , we are the saints , one day you will confess , and pray to the saints of losangeles 
rejoice , rejoice , we have no choice 
random guy by save on foods arena : " excuse me , could you do me a favor " 
me , Alexis Magdalena Bégin and Anthony Morin : " sure " 
guy : have a merry christmas , and if its not too much to ask could you do somethingh else for me ? 
us : ok 
guy : have a happy new year , and if its not looking too far into the future have a happy valentines day 
guy : and i'd like to ask one more thing , do u have a smoke i can buy 
us : no sorry 
guy walks away 
If wishes were trees , the trees would be falling , Listen to reason , Reason is calling , Your feet are going to be on the ground , Your head is there to move you around 
i hope this old train breaks down , then i could take a walk around and see what there is to see , time is just a melody , with all the people in the street walkin fast as their feet could take em i just roll through town and though the window's got a view with the frame i'm lookin through seems to have no concern for now 
yet another excellent weekend completed :D 
STOKED FOR CAMP 
hey mr. tambourine man play a song for me , im not sleepy and there is no place im going to 
his is a call to arms to live and love and sleep together 
we are the sultans of swing 
and i dont wanna say i told you so but i told u so now you lost control , and i dont wanna be the rise and fall give me more or nothing at all 
OMNOM THANKSGIVING :) 
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY HAPPY BIRTHDAYS 
im fixing a hole where the rain gets in and stops my mind from wandering where it will go 
look at them yoyo's that's the way you do it , playin the guitar on the mtv , that ain't workin , that's the way you do it , money for nothin and chicks for free 
Strangers passing in the street , By chance two separate glances meet , And I am you and what I see is me , And do I take you by the hand , And lead you through the land , And help me understand the best I can , And n o-o ne calls us to move on , And n o-o ne forces down our eyes , And n o-o ne speaks and n o-o ne tries , And n o-o ne flies around the sun 
i remember when rock was young , me and suzie had so much fun , holdin hands and skippin stones , had an old gold chevy and a place of my own , but the only kick i ever got , was doing a thing called the crocodile rock , while the other kids were rockin around the clock , we were hoppin and boppin to the crocodile rock :D 
due to the events that have occurred this weekend , i now have an undying hatred for gnomes 
time to cram 4 history :) 
there are 33638400 minutes in 64 years and one minute is a long time ... 
just experienced the greatest weekend of my life . FUCK YES ROGER WATERS THE WALL LIVE IN VANCOUVER ! 
SVRN THINKS MONICA IS AWESOME 
anyone perfect must be lying anything easy has its costs anyone plain can be lovely anyone loved can be lost what if i lost my direction what if i lost sense of time what if i nurse this infection maybe the worst is behind 
fuck hamster cages 
all the lonely people where do they all come from , all the lonely people where do they all belong 
today is probably the best day of the year , groups of people dress up in rediculous costumes and go door to door , only to be awarded with large quantities of candy . how could you go wrong with something that awesome :) 
loving this island air so much better than alberta :) 
i dont need no arms around me , and i dont need no drugs to calm me , i have seen the wrighting on the wall , dont think i need anything at all , all in all it was all just bricks in the wall , all in all u were all just bricks in the wall 
is sick :( 
BANG BANG maxwell's silver hammer came down upon her head , BANG BANG maxwell's silver hammer made sure that she was dead 
6 hours till the greatest show i will ever have the chance to experience 
ftx this weekend ... 
dr. jones dr. jones calling dr. jones , dr. jones dr. jones wake up now :D 
today is far too ridiculous for me , i just came home to homeless people on my back porch stealing cans 
0 < ( :o ) 
everybody open your mouth , everybody just say ah , everything will be alright this wont hurt at all , everybody get in line , everybody turn and caugh , everything will be alright if you just lay off 
:O THERE IS NO MICROSOFT OFFICE YET ON MY MOMS NEW COMPUTER AND I NEED TO WRITE LESSON PLANS :O 
looks like im not going to the OCH concert :( i gotta teach tonight then wake up early for PAINTBALL !!! :D 
is one cool cat 
put 
this on your status if you know someone , or are related to someone , who 
has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , they breathe 
fire and belch lava . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because 
they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are ... sitting in 
the shower armed with fire extinguishers , while the remaining 1% are 
AWESOME and will repost this . 
So ya ' , Thought ya ' Might like to , Go to the show , To feel The warm thrill of confusion , That space cadet glow , Tell me is something eluding you sunshine ? Is this not what you expected to see ? If you wanna ' find out what's behind these cold eyes , You'll just have to claw your way through this disguise ! 
HAPPY KWANZA !!! :D 
OZZY OSBOURNE TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
HAS FLOOR TICKETS TO SEE THE PRINCE OF DARKNESS ON NOV12 !!!!!!!!! 
OZZY OSBOURNE !!!!!!!!!!! BEST CONCERT I HAVE OR WILL EVER SEE !!!!!!!!!!!... unless i see rush 
is very hungry but is lacking snacks to munch :/ this is a terrible dilemma 
we are the priests of the temples of syrinx 
does anyone have any ideas for a play i can write 
money , so they say , is the root of all evil today 
went and saw easy A and resident evil 4 with Mitchell J Auger-Langejan last night , and discovered that a majority of victorias population is in his corps ' band , which is lame because practice is on monday and people could have been watching movies instead of playing instruments , even those who are not in mitch's corps . 
yippey kayey motherfucker 
there is snow in my city ,... that doesnt belong here :( 
is now WO CRAWLEY !!! :D 
is starving 
he's a real nowhere man , sitting in his nowhere land , making all his nowhere plans for nobody 
If you should go skating , On the thin ice of modern life , Dragging behind you the silent reproach , Of a million tear-stained eyes , Don't be surprised when a crack in the ice , Appears under your feet ., You slip out of your depth and out of your mind 
With your fear flowing out behind you , As you claw the thin ice . 
here am i floating in a tin can , high above the world , planet earth is blue and theres nothing i can do 
so ya , thought ya , might like to , go to the show , to feel the warm thrill of confusion , that space cadet glow , tell me is something eluding you sunshine , is this not what you expected to see , if you want to find out what's behind these cold eyes , you'll just have to claw your way through this disguise 
OZZY OSBOURNE EXACTLY ONE MONTH AWAY !!!! 
dont worry about it 
Open up the gates of the church and let me out of here , Too many people have lied in the name of Christ , For anyone to heed the call , So many people have died in the name of Christ That I can't believe it all , And now I'm standing on the grave of a soldier that died in 1799 , And the day he died it was a birthday , And I noticed it was mine , And my head didn't know just who I was , And I went spinning back in time 
just completed about 48 hours of cadets 
We are the Priests of the Temples of Syrinx 
Our great computers fill the hallowed halls 
We are the Priests , of the Temples of Syrinx 
All the gifts of life are held within our walls 
according to urban dictionary , a severen is a super sexy god of sex xD 
im so glad , im so glad , im glad , im glad , im glad 
north korea launched a missile at south korea on tuesday . now obama announced that americas got south koreas back and sent over an aircraft carrier like yesterday . If north korea attacks south korea , china will probably help them out . wtf 
is out of halloween candy :( 
Shannon Jennings has now officially los status as a 90s kid , she has not done any of the awesome things us 90s kids got to do and therefore is no longer from the 90s , may god save her soul 
i am a rock , i have an island :) 
B est music ever ! 
E ? verybody loves them ! 
A ll the time , we listen to them ! 
T hey are just awesome ! 
L ? osers are the people who hate on them . 
E verywhere ? you go . 
S o , listen to them ! 
all movement is accomplished in 6 stages , and the 7th brings return 
has decided to play donkey kong 64 :D 
living in the limelight approaches the unreal , for those who think and feel , in touch with some reality beyond the gilded cage 
look around , leaves are brown , and the sky , is a hazy shade of winter 
ow owns the osbournes season 1 on dvd xD win 
suddenly misses 1 platoon in whitehorse alot , i wonder why * cough * Christopher Alonso's status * cough * :( 
first place VICTORIA HIGH !!!!! improv is amazing :D 
theres only us , theres only this , forget regret , or life is yours to miss , no other time , no other way , no day but today 
echoes :D 
The line it is drawn 
The curse it is cast 
The slow one now 
Will later be fast 
As the present now 
Will later be past 
The order is 
Rapidly fadin ' . 
And the first one now 
Will later be last 
For the times they are a-changin ' . 
really hurtin to climb a mountain or canoe down some waterfalls right now 
im sitting here calmly watching " The Wall " when my mom bursts into my room : " THE WORLD IS COMING TO AN END !!!! SARA PALIN HAS HER OWN REALITY SHOW AND ITS ON 24 HOURS A DAY !!! and shes going to become the next present because people are that dumb " then leaves . I love my family :D 
mitch oj's mom's a bitch XD i feel sorry for u man 
