Its not about money .. its about conciousness 
The best things in life aren't bought with cards but with hearts 
indha celebrities oda tholla thaanga mudiyalada .. yappa .. 
.. but seriously it looks like the end times .. look at the reasons : 
war-never ending !! 
fanatic belief structure-let god save them !! 
disease-is there a cure or there isnt ? 
compassion-its gone .. 
humanity-where is it ? 
science-hiding behind our closed-mind 
consciousness-aware of it ? 
identity-what do you think of yourself ? lol .. 
equality-dead long ago 
entertainment- and yet people need entertainment (?!) in this whole mess !! 
Global Warming is ' man-made ' !?!?!?.. what about Mars and Jupiter ? :P 
Sun's activity is changing the phase of our solar-system .. and it looks like we are in for a ride :) 
Happy Diwali to all ! 
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life : that word is love . 
There really is an ( r)evolution of the mind .. 
thank you all of you .. for your wishes 
i hate social networking 
It is through the births of holy and saintly persons can we learn and become evolved beings . Merry Christmas to all :) 
a lot to think about .. a lot to admire .. and very much more to do .. but very little time .. 
Wish you all a wonderful time this Christmas and New year . 
when you miss someone you feel empty and alone .. unable to push yourself to do even the simplest of things .. 
it needs courage .. not cowardice .. it needs selflessness .. not selfishness .. and thats love 
i feel the change is near 
[ Social+][S]War[/] .... [ B]Peace[/][/] 
I am different .. 
thanks to all 
It is worth to live life for others than to live it for yourself . 
Our Mind- too small and our Ego- too big to even comprehend the supreme force(or whatever ) 
The Mind-it always wanders .. so as our purpose in life ! 
I don't believe in changing the world .. I want to be the CHANGE that i want to see . 
If you look at people or a cow , a dog or an elephant , or anything and everything with an equal eye .. then you can become an enlightened person -- Srimad Bhagwad Gita 
A Simple word will speak thousand pictures .. :) 
Plenty of things happening in our planet . What a phenomenal time to live !! 
Life is getting unfolded by interesting happenings 
Peace to this world 
something is wrong 
india will win today .. come on india .. play just like any other game .. 
come on gambhir and kohli needs a good partnership .. yuvi and dhoni will finish it .. 
lets dedicate this win to sachin .. 
dhoni's move is brilliant .. he comes ahead of yuvraj and rotating the strike .. awesome with gambhir .. and preserving yuvi for the finish .. captain cool rocks .. :D :) 
dhoni is the hero .. he came in and took the responsibility .. and gambhir .. what a player .. true gem .. 
We are not in information age . We are in entertainment age-mindless , filthy , stupid and useless entertainment :) 
Started exploring Terragen 2 .. 
Only the feeling of ' oneness ' can truly blend this country . Politics is a tool of seperation and deception . Winning and losing matters no more . It is in the conscious sprint that this land's glory be reinstated . But the sprint has to come from within ourselves and not by merely switching political gears . 
I don't belong and thats my greatest treasure . 
Life is just a ride-too complex to worry and too short to hate . 
Time changes everything . But it cannot change what has already happened . 
We are all ignorant of something or the other . But the true quality of a man lies in eradicating that ignorance and not letting it rule the mind . 
