is watching How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days with Chris <3 CHRIS ' BIRTHDAY TOMORROWWW !!! Disney Tuesday and Wednesday with the bestest friends !!! =))) 
RIP Michael Jackson 
woke up with a horrible headache =( Probably because I'm pathetic and get headaches if I stay up past 11 ... Cleaning again today =) 
is so sore from the gym ! Love my trainer =) Thinking a mommy/daughter day sounds good ! Hoping to go see Heather later <3 
needs to be happy again and I'm gonna do whatever it takes to make that happen ! 
is feeling kinda lonely =( Missing Chris so so much <3 Can't wait for mummy to get home tomorrow night !!! 
is going to the gym today to meet my new trainer =) Gotta look good for the cruise ! 
is bored out of my mind ! Pretty much done with my room =) Now I gotta do the closet =/ Oh joy ... 
Happy Father's Day and Happy Birthday daddyyy <3 
is still sore from the gym ! Loving it ! =D Excited to see Heather tomorrow ! Miss her tons ! <3 
is feeling good after a morning at the gym ! Finishing my room todayyy <3 Looking sooooo good =D Got a 102% on my final ! Excited to go back to school in August !!! 
can't sleep bc of that stupid 3 hour nap I took =// Gotta be up early for the gym ... 
Sorry guys ! Had to start fb all over again =( 
My whole body is in so much pain from the gym ! =) Gonna look SO good by the Cruise !!! 
had a great morning at the gym and tanning =) Trying to have a happy day todayyy <3 
is so fucking angry ! Nobody deserves me if they're gonna treat me like that . I HATE people who only think about themselves . They don't deserve to be cared about ! FUCK YOU ! I'm buying a boxing bag . 
is going to see my big and lil seesters for the evening <3 Kayaking with mummy tomorrowww !!! Fun stuff !!! 
had a great morning at the gym =D Tanning and errands todayyy <3 Counting down the days until I see my Lizzyyy !!! Don't ever let anyone else blame you for thier crap ... it's never really your fault ! 
is hurting ... 
is trying to find ways to be happy ... chocolate =) 
loves my mummy so much ! Aha she bought me the most appropriate book everrr <3 Men Are from Mars , Women Are from Venus ! Can't wait for Lizzy to come home ! Spin class tonight then reading my book =D Excited for sleepover tomorrow night with Heatherrr <3 
is excited that mummy has removed the offending bug =))) Got a lovely tan ! Off to the gym then watching The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas with mummy and a lovely cup of tea tonighttt <3 What goes around comes around ! 
is going to IKEA with mummy today to buy futons and fun stuff for the appartment next yearrr <3 So incredibly happy we figured this out ! ='D 
doesn't even know anymore ... 
is really down ='(( Had a horrible nights sleep ... wondering why people are so confusinggg !!! I didn't do anything wrong ! Helping mummy in the office today then gym <3 
is feeling icky today =// But already looking so good from the gym ! Hopefully gonna get some sleep tonight =) Missing my Lizzyyy ... so so far away ... * sigh * Counting down until July 20th !!! Ahahaha ! 
is exhausted after the gym and woke up at 3am for no reason ! Getting a nice tan =) Homework , cleaning , and storage unit todayyy <3 Happy 10 months Chris ! 
is rofl-ing at how many Harry Potter quizzes Lizzy just took =D Very productive day today ! Gym at 6:30 then going to see my other familyyy <3 Diet's going amazinggg !!! Gonna look absolutely fantastic by the cruise ! 
realized something so important today that has changed my view on a lot of things . Challenging/Fighting/Arguing can be a good thing in any relationship ( friends or family ) as long as it goes both ways . Don't EVER try to fight someone who isn't willing to 
has a headache and a huge lumpy bruise on the back of my head =// Kinda scared to go to sleep =((( Kayaking tomorrow with mummyyy <3 
is just relaxing and hoping to get some sleep tonighttt <3 Missing Lizzy tons ! Excited for next fridayyy ! 
is freaking out after watching Knowing ! That is the most intense movie I have ever seen ='((( Heartbreaking ! Excited for Fridayyy <3 Week long birthday celebrations begin ! 
feels like I was just in a head on collision with a freight train ='((( Not feeling good todayyy ... 
feels like everything I say has no effect ... Can't wait to see Lizzy on Fridayyy <3 
is wondering why everyone has to be so rude and competitive ! I really don't give a crap who you are or what you do ! That doesn't make you better than everybody else ! Grow up people ... 
is home from Orlando but going back tomorrow =// Had a great birthdayyy <3 Can't wait to move into the appartments !!! 
is feeling sick from disappointment =// I need my Lizzy <3 Can't wait to go back to school ! 
just wants this to all be over ... this whole thing is pointless ... 
feels like I've been on an emotional rollercoaster for the past month and it just crashed ... time to start rebuilding ... 
is more pissed off than ever ! I HATE people who lie to me and try to bullshit their way out of it when they get caught ! To the person who lied to me ... FUCK YOU ! 
Heartbreak sucks ... and apparantly comes with a migrane * sigh * So excited to see Lizzy on Friday <3 Thinking I need a vacation where nobody can find me ... 
is completely exhausted after a loooonnng dayyy * sigh * gonna relax tonighttt <3 
Ewww ! Germs ! Trying not to get sick from mummy before all the birthday celebrations ! Going shopping with mummy todayyy <3 Call or text me =) 
is awake at 6am ... ROADTRIP WITH LIZZY TODAYYY and Harry Potter tonighttt <3 Pensacola and Destin until Sunday nighttt =) Perfect timing ... not . 
is completely exhausted from Kayaking for 3 hours but had an amazing time =) Head still hurting a lot tho =( Wishing I knew where we stand ... 
thinks The Ugly Truth is one of the most hilarious movies I have seen in years =))) 
is Disney until Thursday celebratinggg <3 HAPPY 19TH BIRTHDAY CHRIS !!! 
thinks my Lizzy is the most beautiful person in the world and anyone who wants to change her should fall in a hole ... 
is being attacked my a mosquito !!! 18 days =// I LOVE YOU LIZZY ! 
is going to see The Ugly Truth with mummy tonighttt <3 
Ahaha ! I'M BAACCCKKKK !!! Bring it on people ! I'm back and feeling more confident than ever and if any of you try to hurt me or mess with me again , you don't deserve my attention ! This is the new me and if you don't like it ... get over it ! =) And to all my 
is going to Orlando to spend the day with my Lizzyyy <3 Funny People and dinnerrr =D 
AAHHHH the bug that was in my bathroom days ago is back again ! ITS HAUNTING ME !!! Relaxing today because I haven't slept in 4 days =((( Tanning and gym later <3 Confidence is up though =))) I'm worth sooo much more than this ! 
SAVE THE TATA'S! I <3 you Lizzy ! 
is excited to see Lizzy next fridayyy <3 Can't wait for birthday celebrations at the most amazing place in the world ! Wishing you actually wanted to talk to me ... 
is going to see Public Enemies with Chris <3 Only a little over 2 weeks before I get out of this place !! 
is feeling extremely unappreciated and unloved ='(( 
is really sad that Chris went home today ='(( Miss him so much already ! But really excited that Lizzy is coming todayyy <3 SLEEPOVERRR !!! 
My whole body is sore from the gym =// Spending the day shopping with mummyyy <3 
is having an awful day ='(( Really wanting to go back to school and be with my girls ! 
is so sad I'm missing Liz and Eric's wedding today ='(( Love them both tons ! Congratulations !!! So excited for the musical with mummy tonighttt <3 and can't wait to spend the day in Orlando with Lizzy tomorow !!! 
is ROFLMFAO =)) 
didn't expect that ... 
just fell out of my bed ... and I'm awake ... 
OMG I NEED to get out of here !!! 
can't wait for Thursday , Friday , and Saturday ! 3 days with my Lizzy ! <3 
" Sometimes goodbye is a second chance " - Shinedown 
had an interesting day at the gym =// Tanning , Publix , and TJ Maxx todayyy <3 Excited to start decorating the guest room with mummyyy !!! 
is doing homework in mummys office =) Busy week ! RIP Kalin Keech <3 Miss you ! 
Doesn't give a shit . 
has lots to do today before the ROADTRIP WITH LIZZY TOMORO !!! O.o Get the car serviced , get nails done , run some errands , spin class , and pack =))) Gonna be a good day I can tell !!! <3 
BOOMCHICABOOMCHICABOOMCHICABOOM !!! =D 
has a really bad headache ='( At least no concussion this time * sigh * Kayaking from 1-4 today with mummyyy <3 Love everyone tons ! 
is extremely sore after Spin class =)) It's been a good day todayyy <3 Happy ! Gonna watch Ellen DeGeneres doing stand-up =D SOOO excited for all the birthday celebrations that begin in a week !!! <3 
is spending the day cleaning with mummy so we can finally redecorate the guest room and I can finally start packing to officially move out !!! <3 Going to Pensacola for good =))) 
is so excited that Liz and Eric are married !!! <3 Love them both so much !!! Going to a musical called Respect with mummy tonighttt ! Features all the songs like " I Will Survive " and " Hero " =)) Exactly what I need right now !!! =D 
is scanning about 100 old photos of everyone ! Going tanning later then gym at 5:30 =)) I'm worth a lot more than this ... 
is slowly getting bored of facebook ... and any stupid social networks * sigh * I wish I was around when people wrote letters to each other and visited . 
is numb ... how could i let myself fall so hard ... 
migrane ='(( 
loved Public Enemies <3 Not excited that Chris is going home tomorrow though ='(( 2 1/2 weeks ... 
had such an incredible day with Lizzy ! First time I've been truly happy in weeks =D 
isn't feeling really off today ='(( GIMMEHUGSPLZ ! Probably seeing the dad today * sigh * but then decorating the guest room with mummyyy <3 
has planned my next 3 birthdays ! Ahaha ! Excited cuz I'm starting to feel happy again and feeling like I can actually do what I wanna do with my life =D and NOBODY CAN STOP ME !!! Ahahaha ! <3 
is thinking I can't take anymore of this crap ='(( I'm too much of a pushover and you all suck for taking advantage of me . Don't EVER try it again ! 
is home with Chris ! Chris ' birthday on Tuesday and mine on Wednesdayyy <3 Disneyyyyyyy !!!!!! 
had a lovely cup of tea while looking through old pictures with mummy <3 Feeling much happier now that I'm not bottling everything all up ! Loving everyone lots ! Therapy , Gym , and Tanning tomorrow =))) SO excited for DISNEYYY !!! 
is off to the gym =) Bummed that it's raining outside =( Thinking today would be a good day to finally finish my room ! 
is sore from the gym =/ Start working out with my personal trainer tomorrow =) 
My fishys had babies =/ 
=D 
has 49 countries to visit before I die ... I seriously just want to travel for the rest of my life =D 
had a great morning at the gym =)) Just hangin ' out with Chris today then probably out for pre-birthday celebratinggg <3 
needs people's opinions ... Is it okay for a guy with a girlfriend to hang out alone with an old love and her family ?!? I think not ! JERKKKK !!!! Can't wait to see Lizzy in 2 DAYS !!! 
I gotta feeling that tonights gonna be a good night ! <3 
is absolutely exhausted after the gym =// Maggie completely kicked my butt ! Gonna watch The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas with mummy and Maimee <3 Much happier today ! Happy Birthday Liz !!! 
wants to marry Danyl Johnson ! <3 HOLYSHIT ! 
feels sick and forgotten ='(( 
Today has been crap , tomorrow will be better =) 
EVERYTHINGSPURPLEOMFG ! 
had an amazing day shopping at IKEA with daddy and Mark =) Watching a movie with mummy then relaxing before a long day tomorrow ! 
just felt my heart break for the first time ... 
Seriously , who chucks monkeys off a cliff ?! O.o 
wants to move to Pensacola for good ! I miss everyone <3 
" So , ya wanna be a hero , kid ? Well , whoop-de-do ! I have been around the block before with blockheads just like you ... " Can't wait to see my Lizzy on Fridayyy <3 ROADTRIPPP !!!! 
8 DAYS ! Gym at 12 , finally cleaning my car , then gym again at 5 =)) Then dancing around the house like a maniac ! <3 
has a horriblly painful headache and hardly slept at all last night ='((( Off to see Miriam to talk about idiots =))) Could use a lovely cup of tea right now ! 
has a headache and wants to go to Antarctica with the penguins =) 
had a great time with seesterrr <3 Sleeping in tomorrow ! Feeling sick ='(( Wishing I new how to fix this ... 
had a great session with Miriam =))) Going to the mall with Heatherrr <3 then out for a walk tonight with mummy !!! Can't wait for birthday celebrations !!! 
is apparantly going to see 500 Days of Summer with dad and a bunch of his friends ... greeeeaaaat * sigh * 
is kicking ass with the weight loss =D Ahahhaaa and nobody can stop me !! 
Research test due Monday D= Booooooooooo ... 
I want a guy who can't wait to say " THIS IS MY GIRLFRIEND ! " with a huge smile on his face =D 
has lots to keep me busy today : Gym , Tanning , Gym , Office , the sleepover with Heatherrr <3 I feel like I'm fighting so hard and not getting anywhere ... I'm so misunderstood and there are only a few people who are willing to take the time to understand me .. 
Epic fail Kanye ... asshole . 
Late night again =// so much work ! First time in years I've left an assignment until the last minute ... now I remember why I always do it early * sigh * 
I love Kendall so much ! <3 Everybody keep her in your thoughts ! Hoping everything goes well ! <3 
All these migranes are actually draining me O.o I can't stay awake anymore ... 
has a migrane ... again =((( These really need to stop ! 
Statistics is a joke ... this class is pointless . 
doesn't feel good ='(( Can't wait to get back to Pensacola ! Decorating with mummy <3 
Riddle : How long does it take one stuck up ignorant asshole to piss me off in an English class ? 
headed to Pensacola ! 
Say I love you because you mean it . Don't say it because you can . 
Free Bingo 12:00 pm - 6:30 pm <3 Oh yea ! This is the life =P 
Homework at Whataburger . Zombieland tonight =D Mmmmm ... Diet Dr Pepper <3 
I love Chris lots and lots =P 
would love an Applebee's Cheeseburger ... 
really enjoyed the Applebee's cheeseburger =) Hoping I don't get sick ! 
Wow ... so there's a murder suspect on campus ... YEA I FEEL SAFE ! Ugh ... 
had fun in Sarasota with Chris =) Yummy yummy ! 
Paranormal Activity tonight ! Gonna make sure I'm squished between the guys lol =) 
is home =D Tarpon Springs tomorrow with mummy , Chris , and the grandparents ! Sarasota tomorrow night with Chris <3 
had fun at Bingo <3 Homework at Chris ' house =) 
So they lifted the lock down ... but the murderer still hasnt been caught ... 
is having one of those days =/ Back to bed . 
I'm not a bitch , I just speak my mind . I'm not a slut , I just get every guy I want . I'm not a heartbreaker , I just get bored easily . I'm not cocky , I'm confident . 
I love hugging . I wish I was an octopus so that I could hug 8 people at a time ! =D 
I'm all happy ! <3 
I love how you can make me laugh even when nothings funny <3 
Awkward moments define my life <3 
<3 My life , my family , and my great new friends ! Today was awful and now it's great ! 
Sometimes I feel like I'm Dory from Finding Nemo . I forget things . Oh dear . 
I haven't smiled like this in a long time <3 
One hug from the right person can make me smile for days <3 Mall and Whataburger today =) 
Heading to Tampa on Sunday for Christmas with the fam <3 Love everyone ! 
It just goes to show how much someone cares when they notice you aren't smiling as much and instantly know something is wrong =D A great friend is someone who is there for you even if they'd rather be somewhere else <3 
* BIGSNEEZE * Oh my goodness , this cold is awful =( At least I'm home for Christmas <3 Love you all ! 
Is feeling loved <3 There's so many people I love and appreciate right now ! Madeline , Amber , Kyla , Sharon , Mummy , Maimee , Daddy , Mark , Heather , Lizzy , Lizzie , my family in England , and of course my baby Christopher ^.^ I'm so happy ! 
There's a wasp in my bathroom and I gotta pee ! =// 
is disappearing for a couple days ... I guess we'll see what happens <3 Ttfn ! 
had a great morning at the gym =) Gonna have a FABULOUS day with daddy and Mark lol 15 days until Lizzy gets home <3 
isn't feeling like today has been a good day ='( I think I wanna move to England ... 
is craving chocolate like never before ... 
has an extremely bad back ache ='( 
Its maybe a little possible that I kinda sorta almost definitely miss you . 
I have a few really amazing friends <3 
Life is so perfect right now <3 School , friends , family ... everything is wonderful =) 
Is hoping this weekend works out wonderfully =) I seem to focus more when I'm with wonderful people <3 
Hangin ' out with Levi tonighttt <3 Back to Tally on Thursday to see Brandon <3 I'm so happy ! 
absolutely loves being back in Pensacola <3 Extremely happy ! 
* sigh * I stopped myself napping between classes so I wouldn't feel like a zombie and now that class is cancelled ... ugh ... Publix and out tonight maybe =) 
Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot , who calls you back when you hang up on him , who kisses your forehead , who shows you off to the world when you are in sweats , who holds your hand in front of his friends , who thinks you're just as pretty without makeup on . One who is constantly reminding you of how much he cares and how lucky his is to have you . The one who turns to his friends and says , ' that's her . ' 
Is in Tally with CHIPMUNK ! BAHAHAHAHAHA !!!! 
Today I realized I was smiling for no reason ... then I realized I was thinking about you <3 
is taking care of my baby <3 I hope he gets better ! 
had a very exciting reaction to the flu shot =P 
RIP Swayze =( 
" I used to be love drunk but now I'm hungover ! I'd love you forever ! Forever is over ! " 
So , it's 5:30 am and I have no idea what's going on because I'm so tired ^.^ GOO'NIGHT! Oh , btw , I LOVE BRANDON ! XD 
On the floor =) 
Feels weird O.o 
You dont remember me But i remember you It was not so long ago You broke my heart in two Tears on my pillow Pain in my heart Caused by you If we could start it new I wouldnt hesistate I'd gladly take you back And tell the hands of faith 
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much more for them =( I know what I have to do now . Im done . 
Finished this months math homework ! Math test tomorrow ... time to study ! Ahaha NOT ! 
Men can be such pigs ! Especially the ones who have someone amazing and dont appreciate it ! I got so lucky with Brandon <3 Hopefully he's around for a long time ! =) I dont think a guy has ever made me quite this happy ! ^.^ 
Oh . My . Goodness . People are so dramaticcc ! Chill out you crazy people ! I <3 Brandon . No drama . Just honesty and fun . Perfect . =) 
is not a morning person -.- 
So , I started off thinking things were too good to be true because usually everything this wonderful isn't real but everything just keeps getting better and better ! He is so amazing ! We actually have real conversations and he makes me feel more special everyday ! <3 On top of all that , he insists on proving to me that he wont change ! ^.^ I'm so happy ! 
Deleted my Twitter account ^.^ I already feel less drama in my life ! So happy Momma is recovering from surgery ! Cant wait to see her again tomorrow ! Excited to see Mummy this weekend ! Got to meet Kyla today =P Love my life ! Happy 1 Month Brandon ! <3 
=/ 
" I miss the years that were erased I miss the way the sunshine would light up your face I miss all the little things I never thought that they'd mean everything to me Yea , I miss you And I wish you were here " <3 
Rough day =/ This migrane is really kicking my butt ='(( Makes me very emotional too ... Gonna curl up in a ball and eat crackers . Nighty night <3 
Hopefully these migranes will stop soon -.- I deleted my Twitter account , about 30 people in my phone , and about 20 people off Facebook =) I really don't ever want to see certain people again . I don't need any of you ! ^.^ I love my Brandon so much ! 
" I'm miles from where you are , I lay down on the cold ground And I , I pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms " 
Going to sleep made my migrane sooooo much worse ='(( Ugh , it wont go awayy ... 
I love Johnny Depp ! I love Tim Burton ! I love Alice In Wonderland ! Most of all ... I love my Brandon ! <3 
Home in Tampa with Brandon ! <3 Alice in Wonderland tomorrow ! Then IKEA ! Then 4 DAYS AT DISNEY ! ^.^ Spring Break <3 
Ate a footlong from Subway and now feels very sick ... oh lovely . 
<3 Eddie Izzard and Brandon ! 
Going to sleep ! Tuesday : Magic Kingdom . Wednesday : Animal Kingdom . Thursday : Bradenton to look at LECOM with Brandon and maybe Glenn . Friday : Hollywood Studios . Saturday : Magic Kingdom . =D I'd say this is the best spring break ever ! Missing Maddy a lot though <3 I love Brandon so much ! Best boyfriend ever ! 
Mmk Taquito Time ! <3 Brandon ! YAY NOT HAVING TO UPDATE TWITTER EVERY 5 MINUTES ! XD 
Heading home to Tampa with Brandon ! <3 
Every Tuesday in February is free breakfast at Chik-fil-a and today is also free pancake day at IHOP ... I would say today is a good fat day =D OM NOM NOM ! I love Brandon <3 
Thinking =/ 
My computer keeps shutting down in the middle of really important stuff ='((( Realized something though : A few months ago I would've yelled and cried ... now I'm just going to take a break =) Yay ! 
People are seriously way too addicted to cell phones ... how about maybe paying attention to REAL LIFE ! Btw , people really suck . Oh ... and I LOVE BRANDON ! 
Feels amazing after a pretty decent 9 hours of sleep =D I love waking up to a 4 page long text from the boy next to me telling me how much he loves me ! Going to Bradenton with Brandon today to look around LECOM and the nearby apartments then back to Orlando tonight so we can get an early start at Hollywood Studios tomorrow ! ? Brandon , Madeline , Heather , Katie ! =) 
According to you I'm boring , I'm moody , You can't take me any place . But according to him I'm beautiful , Incredible , He can't get me out of his head . According to him I'm funny , Irresistible , Everything he ever wanted . I need to feel appreciated , Like I'm not hated . Oh no . Why can't you see me through his eyes ? It's too bad you're making me decide . 
is on a role ! Gilmore Girls Season 7 almost complete ! Lots of errands tomorrow then TV catch up day ! Then Tallahassee on Thursday to see my Brandon <3 Yay Valentines weekend ! 
There are no words to describe how amazing he is to me <3 Nobody has ever made me want to cry from happiness before ... 
I cannot wait to build my own house =) Best 9 months ever !!! 
Hoping my BFFL Maddy gets better :'( 
They can say that I won't stay around I'm gonna stand my ground You're not gonna stop me You don't know me You don't know who I am Don't count me out so fast I've been brought down to my knees I've been pushed right past the point of breaking but I can take it I'll be back Back on my feet This is far from over You haven't seen the last of me 
Oh boy ... I think I may have to cut my hours even more ! Im at school two days a week and working the other five ?? Wheres my break ?? :p 
I love calculus ! No , I'm not kidding . 
It's only been 4 1/2 months and this is already the longest relationship I've been in where I haven't been lied to or hurt =')) He is the most wonderful guy in the world ! I love you Brandon Gilmore <3 Work 10:30 -4 :) 
Ahh ! I hate jetlag ! D= Sooooo tired ! 
Redecorating ! :) 
Finally home ! Feeling awful and exhausted ! Nighty night ! Oh yeah ... IM 20 ! :) 
=) 
Happy Easter everyone ! I hope everyone has a wonderful day ! =) 
Is doing nothing but homework all day . Awesome . 
I have slept approximately 22 hours in the past 8 nights ='(( I'm exhausted ! 
Had brunch at Village Inn with Mummy ! Getting our nails done now ! Then joining Brandon for a movie and the mall ! Yay haircut and shopping ! :) Such a great weekend ! 
Happy to be in Tallahassee with my Mummy & Brandon =) I haven't felt this relieved in years ! <3 Excited to go home ! 
Been awake since 2am from a migrane . Worked for 12 hours . Now I'm home and I'm staying in my room to get some rest . I hate drama queens . I'm so over it . I love you Brandon Gilmore ! You are the absolute love of my life ! Katie and Madeline , you are both wonderful <3 
I love being up early ! It's not even 12 and I've done so much already ! :) 
I love you Brandon ! <3 
Oh my gosh , my head is killing me ! Gonna eat healthy and stay hydrated so hopefully I can get over this pain quickly ! Can't wait to see my Brandon tonight ! I miss him so much ! So excited that Mummy and Maimee get here tomorrow night ! XD 
I'm completely drained ... Happy though :) I love you Brandon ! Thanks for being the most amazing friend and boyfriend ever ! <3 
Not feeling like I'm gonna get much sleep tonight ='( 
I hate Justin Beiber with a passion . Hate . Hate . Hate . 
Wow . I have a whole new HATE for certain people and a lot more LOVE for some others :) Katie is an absolutely wonderful friend ! I love her ! 
Mummy is recovering from surgery , Maimee is limping from surgery , and Brandon can barely move a muscle because of his back ! Everyone is hobbling around the house ! I love taking care of everyone I love but I think it's time for bed now :p I have huge dark circles around my eyes from exhaustion . I love them all tons :) 
I love that one of the trailers we saw tonight was the justin beiber in 3d and the whole audence just said " oh no " :) 
If anyone didn't know already , I love my boyfriend so much ! There aren't even words to describe how happy he makes me ! He's the best thing that's happened to me in a very long time ! <3 Mummy , Maimee , Heather , Madeline , Katie , Kyla , Amber , Bethany . 
Gerard Butler and Johnny Depp are incredibly talented actors :) 
Work from 4-10 :) Another day with Katie ! 
Yay ! All the paperwork is done ! Got the keys to the house today ! Next few weeks will be moving in ! <3 Maddy and Bethany ! 
It seems no matter how old I get or how kind I am , I will never understand true friendship :'( I need to start being more careful again :/ 
It amazes me how many people get upset when things don't go exactly their way and they think the world revolves around them . It's not all about you and it never will be . It's also shocking when your " friends " lie to you frequently . I'm so sick of Pensacola . 
4 months <3 Date tonight with my Brandon ! Mall , Dinner , and Iron Man 2 tonight ! I love him lots ! :) 
He makes me so happy <3 
Exhausted ! Can't wait to get off work ! I love Maddy , Katie , and Brandon ! <3 
Yay FSU ! :) Cannot wait to finish my room tomorrow ! It's looking so good ! Brandon gets here Friday ! <3 Missing Heather and Kyla tons ! 
I severely dislike FSU's library -.- Grrr . 
So exhausted from these past 2 weeks . All the worrying and waiting made me so tired . I'm so glad Mummy is doing so much better but I miss her so much ! I hope things go well at the doctor's for Brandon tomorrow and maybe he won't need surgery ! Gonna try to get a good night's sleep before work tomorrow ! It's so nice to be back to my Bethany <3 I already miss Brandon though ! 
I love my Kyla so much ! She is the best little sister anyone could ever have ! <3 
Now im just tempted to sleep in my car where its warm and quiet . 
Did you know that when someone annoys you it takes forty-two muscles to frown but only 4 to extend your arm and smack ' em in the face ? 
Dr Pibb and Mr Pepper ! Oh wait ... 
Oh my good gosh ! Way too cold here ! I'm staying in warm sunny Florida for the rest of my life ! Brandon , I hope you're okay with that ! 
" Judge me , I'll prove you wrong . Tell me what to do , I'll tell you where to go . Say I'm not worth it , watch where I end up . Call me a bitch , I'll show you one . Fuck me over , you'll get it twice as bad . Call me crazy , but you have no idea . " ~ I'm happy now . I don't need people who make me feel like crap in my life . I have incredible friends and an amazing family <3 I love you guys ! 
Going to see the new Shrek after lunch with Brandon ! <3 
Got some packing done today ! Had an amazing dinner with my wonderful friend Katie and now on the way back to Tally with Brandon ! Gotta stay as far away from the drama as possible ! 
Has an icky tummy bug =( Going back to sleep for a while then spending the rest of the afternoon cleaning/organizing my room ! Watching more of The Office with Brandon tonight <3 I love him so much ! He's amazing ! Happy 2 months baby ! =D 
Work is insanely slow today ... 
I will NEVER like The Office . I Will NEVER Like The Office ! I WILL NEVER LIKE THE OFFICE !!! AHHH ! I LOVE THE OFFICE !!! <3 
My new shower head is incredible <3 Lasagne for dinner while watching movies =) 
I dont understand how I can go to bed perfectly healthy and happy but wake up 5 hours later with a full blown migrane ='(( Even worse , the definition of chronic headaches fits me perfectly . 
" Mama theres no way you'll ever lose me And giving me away is not goodbye As you watch me walk down to my future I hope tears of joy are in your eyes Cuz he is good So good He treats your little girl like a real man should He is good So good He makes promises he keeps No he's never gonna leave So dont you worry about me " 
Sore throat , Runny nose , Achy ears , Headache , and Watery eyes ... Me thinks its time for some hot tea with honey and mashed potatoes =) Lucky for me I have the best boyfriend in the whole world taking care of me =P Yes , I am one of those girls who has to tell everyone how much I love him <3 
I have my computer ! It's so pretty ! I missed it ! <3 Brandon ! 
If you are not secure enough to be single , then you are not mature enough to be in a relationship . It's not love if you're only in a relationship just so you're not alone . Love is knowing you can live without that person but never wanting to . If you can't be alone , you're just desperate . I love Brandon <3 
It's about the time when guys start to get meaner ... I got scared ... he hugged me and didn't let go =')) He really is different <3 I love you Brandon . 
Despite the awful headache and the throwing up , spending July 4th with Brandon's family was wonderful :) and I finally got to meet Rachel ! Tonight's gonna be a long night though . 
Where do all the other socks go ? O.o 
So , today is going to be absolutely wonderful ! The house has been chosen ! ' Tis perfect and I get to live with my girls , Maddy and Bethany ! <3 Pita Pit for lunch then cleaning out cars with Brandon <3 Maybe a movie tonight =) I love my Brandon so much and I love putting it on facebook ... SO THERE ! 
Today is going to be wonderful ! =) Christmas decorating tonight ! 
Woke up at 7am . Worked from 3-11pm . Slept from 12-3am . Cleaned from 3- 5:30 am . Gotta be in Pensacola at 11am . Goodnight . I <3 Brandon =) 
" I’m not gonna get drunk to please the crowd . I'm not gonna be a slut and sleep around . I'm gonna say what I think and say it loud . I'm gonna say what I believe & I'm gonna stand proud . I'm gonna be me , no matter who I'm around . " Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who believes in myself . I know what I want to do and I'll do whatever it takes to get there <3 
My life would be a million times better if I hadn't met certain people . Some people quite literally don't deserve to have any friends . 
This song sounds like a dance Cuz dance songs are cool now So get up and shake what ya mama gave ya ! ^.^ 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRANDON ! <3 You are the best boyfriend in the whole universe ! I love you so much ! XOXO 
Today has been such an amazing day ! :) These have been the best 10 months of my life ! I love you so much Brandon ! <3 
Skype is the best thing ever ! I get to see/talk to my mummy whenever I want and I can sit and hang out with Brandon from 3 hours away ! Yay ! <3 Gotta love a boyfriend who tells you to get skype because he misses you =P 
Being operator sux when it hurts to talk :( i get off soon and i am going home to drink hot tea . nobody talk to me please ! 
Seriously ?! ='(( Idk what to do ... 
He is the best thing that has ever happened to me <3 
First migrane in months :'( So much stress . 
Awesome ! My phone is on the fritz again ... can't make or recieve calls . I may or may not be missing texts but I have no idea because my high-tech $240 phone freezes if I sent more than one text within 2 minutes of each other . Thanks AT&T . You rock . 
" Once is happenstance , twice is coincidence , three times is enemy action and over 600 is clearly the work of an ancient Sumerian demon or some shit " Thanks cracked.com <3 
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity they can train people to stand at the very edge of the pool and throw them fish ? 
Today is an absolutely beautiful day ! 
Suddenly got that huge upset lump in my throat ='( I hate days when all you want to do is cry even though everything is going amazingly . 
I just love Katie :') and what makes everything even greater is that the love of my life has been friends with her for years ! Wishing I could be with Madeline and her family though <3 
How is it that every single second I'm with Brandon I am smiling and laughing ? Maybe it's because he's wonderful and loves me so much ^.^ Good thing lol because I love him lots too ! <3 We . Are . AWESOME . 
Heading to Gainesville for Valentine's weekend with Brandon ! :) 
Brandon and I saved two stray dogs ! :) They were extremely friendly and very stanky ! 
I'm sarcastic and have a smartass attitude . It's a natural defense against drama , bullshit , and stupidity . 
Snuggling <3 Night night ! XOXO 
Is in a particularly good mood ! :) Woohoo ! I love Brandon ! ^.^ 
I meant my computer is going into surgery . Gonna be hard to reach me tomorrow :( I love Brandon so much ! xoxo 
So , today was fun =) Aside from the fact that I burst a blood vessel in my finger and now it's all blue and purple ... Eww . 
My body spent the last 5 months telling me I'm too stressed . I think it's finally given up on me . Headache everyday for approx . 2 months , throat has swollen up overnight to the size of a golfball , allergies are taking over , nosebleeds for 13 days in a row , and it's highly possible my finger is broken . I think I need to slow down and , as my loving friends would say , " chill the f *** out ... " O.O 
Happy Birthday Brandon ! <3 I love you ! 
" Liar ! Liar ! Plants for hire ! " " It's pants on fire . " " Well you would know ... liar . " <3 I love you Brandon ! 
I'm a dinosoar . So ... like RAWR n ' stuff =) 
We spend most of our time talking about nothing but I just want to let you know that all these nothings mean so much more to me than so many somethings <3 I love my Brandon ^.^ 
JUST WANTS TO SLEEP ! D'= I'm exhausted ... 
" When you've hit rock bottom , at least you're on solid ground . When you hit a dead end , just turn around " <3 Mummy , Maimee , Heather , Madeline , Brandon , Kyla , Lizzy , Glenn , and a special thanks to Katie Nix who really helped me out tonight =) Study hard , Get my Interior Design degree , Spend time with my incredible wonderful friends , Sing , Dance , BE HAPPY !! Happy 2 Months Brandon ! 
You know you're in love when you're on the phone for two hours watching the same episodes of Spongebob SquarePants <3 I love you Brandon ! =) 
I went all day with no headache then BAM ! It hit me like a raging bull and in the past 20 minutes it's gone from annoying to start of a migrane ... unfair ='( 
The closest Village Inn to Gainesville is 48 miles away ?! Lame . 
Oh , I wish I was a glow worm . A glow worm's never glum . ' Cause how can you be grumpy when the sun shines out your bum ? 
I dont like that I hate going to work because I know exactly what will happen ! All that goes on is gossiping and saying awful things about everyone ! Why is everyone so two-faced ?! 
Today I was happier than a bird with a french fry <3 I has the best boyfriend in the whole universe and all the parallel ones too ! =) 
Has pretty much hidden the majority of people I haven't deleted yet . It's not cool to swear all the time and constantly mention your alcoholic tendencies . Actually , it makes you look like an idiot . Grow up . Nobody thinks your cool . Anyway , woke up with another awful headache :'( Work 12-8 . 
Today doesn't look like it's going to be a great day =/ Up all night with a migrane , throwing up , allergies , and of course my phone has decided it doesn't want to make or receive calls ... awesome . Good thing I have the best boyfriend in the universe or I would be crying . 
Being this sick is the worst thing in the world . All I want is a gallon of orange juice , lots of pasta , and to stay in bed all day and get better . Unfortunately for me , I have to take care of myself . Sometimes being away from home sucks =( 
For the past 18 hours , I have been experiencing the worst migrane I have ever had in my entire life . 
England until May 17th ! Please don't text or call until I get back ! It will cost you a fortune ! Lol . Feel free to message me on Facebook though ! <3 Brandon just left the airport and I already miss him ! I love the feeling of trusting my boyfriend when I'm away ! Never had that feeling before ! Oh yea ... YAY TARGET ! 
If you want to be happy , be <3 
OH . MY . GOODNESS . GRACIOUS . Kick Ass is my favourite movie of all time . No joke . It was incredible ! =D Fighting off another horrible cold . Hopefully this time I can get rid of it completely so it doesn't keep coming back . Lucky for me I have the sweetest most wonderful boyfriend in the whole world ! I love you so much Brandon ! <3 
Is actually physically ill and can't sleep because of the insane need to have the air set at 67 -.- Wtf ?! That's too cold . I'm not in a good mood . Very bad mood in fact . 
Just got off work ... Im super annoyed at Target right now ... School comes first whether they like it or not . 
Can't possibly thank Katie Nix enough for being such a wonderfully amazing person/friend ! <3 I love you girl ! You are incredible ! 
IS SO EXCITED FOR TOMORROW AROUND 6PM ! :D 
All I ever hear about : 1-The crazy Twilight obsession ... most of you haven't even read the books . 2-Obama's Healthcare Plan ... OMG ! Please get over it ! Duh ! The whole country is not going to agree with it ! Personally , if I have to pay more taxes in order for people without health insurance to be taken care of , then I'm fine with that -.- Try thinking about others . 
15 more days ! =))) I wish my head would stop hurting ! So excited for tomorrow ! It's our 9 months !!! 
I'm having one of those days =( I just wanna get away ... for good I think . 
Ahhh ! =)))) Just found out some amazing news !!!!! <3 
Why would anyone keep turning the air conditioning off in the middle of summer in FLORIDA ?! Ugh ! ='( So sick of this . I never get any sleep anymore . Can't wait for Brandon to come home ! 
Wow ... it amazes me how mean people can be to the ones closest to them without a care in the world -.- I love you Brandon and I would never give you up for anything or anyone ! =D 
I literally have the most incredible boyfriend ever ! =')) He always goes out of his way to make sure I'm always smiling and happy ! And he won me a penguin at the fair ! 
So our 6 month anniversary was ... memorable :p I worked all day then came home and got the stomach flu . He went and saw a surgeon and is now scheduled for surgery . Hopefully after another 6 months neither of us will have anything wrong ! :p I kept 3 sips of sprite and half a tortilla down ! Progress ! :/ 
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges ... 
Awful headache and I can't take anything for it :/ I really hope sleep helps ! <3 Brandon ! 
Not fair . I come home from 12 hours at work and can barely move or keep my eyes open but wake up 2 hours later and can't get back to sleep ='(( So much for sleeping in ... 
Guitar Hero ! :) 
Happy 11 Months Brandon ! <3 
Pier 1 Imports <3 
=( 
Getting ready for class ! Then going grocery shopping =) Tomorrow I'm treating myself and getting my nails done then working on my online classes ! I love being busy again ! <3 I love you Brandon ! Come back soon please ! 
Where's Waldo ? 
I added Katie Nix to my favourite music =) I hope she likes it ! <3 
I dont like when something bothers me , I know it bothers me , but I cant stop it bothering me and I get into a mood :( 
12 hours of work , 2 hours of sleep , 4 hours of trying to sleep , and 2 more hours of sleep isn't what I had planned -.- I hope Brandon is doing welll on his exams ! Cannot wait for him to come home ! :) 
Today is going to be great ! Brunch at Village Inn , Afternoon showing of Harry Potter , Lake Ella for a walk , Scrubs , then dinner at Olive Garden ! Happy 10 Months Brandon ! I love you so much ! :) 
Is awake for no good reason -.- Spending the day organizing my room , watching TV , job hunting , and grocery shopping ... FUN ! =P 
Friday nights in Tallahassee are the worst . Everyone decides to get drunk and scream as loud as possible . Its too noisy to sleep and when I dont sleep I start thinking about everything that makes me cry ='( I wish I could turn my thinker off ... 
Home <3 I love Madeline and Bethany so much ! I have the best friends and most wonderful boyfriend in the world ! :) 
OMG ! PLEASE STOP TEXTING ME ! IF YOU WANT TO TALK TO ME PLEASE DO IT ON FACEBOOK UNLESS YOU'RE HAPPY TO HAND OVER THE MONEY ! IF ANY OF YOU TEXT ME I WILL BLOCK YOUR NUMBERS ! GRRR ! 
Well after a wonderful 1 and a half hours of sleep , I'm awake -.- Grrr . 
Brandon is my Jim <3 I promise I am the happiest girl in the world =') 
Just so y'all know , Madeline is the chocolate to my strawberry ! <3 Brandon , Heather , Kyla , Katie , Bethany , Amber , Glenn , Mummy , Maimee ! =) 
Is attempting to rehydrate since I didn't do a good job of that today ... GULP ! ^.^ 
I'm having dreams about my job at Target -.- or should I say nightmares ? 
It makes me feel like a curse when the 5 most important people in my life have all had something awful happen in the past month :'( 
I dream of a better tomorrow ... where chickens can cross the road and not have their motives questioned . 
Is finally completely moved into my wonderful house with Maddy and Bethany ! Love my mummy so much for coming to help move ! 
Is flying home Thursday ... UGH ! 
Aww shoot . I knew the sleepless nights wouldn't last long . It just hit me that I'm leaving for England in 2 days ! =O I have so much to do before then ! It's going to be a busy day ! 
So much sunblock and still sunburnt ! :( I wish I could stay in Orlando forever :) 
Oh boy ! So in love ! <3 I just can't help it ^.^ After almost 20 years , this is the first time I can say the words " in love " ='D 
Work 3:30 - 11pm :( I'd much rather be back in Orlando ! 
I absolutely love the English countryside ! :) 
WHY DOES PENAIR THINK IM SO STUPID ?! I HAVE THE PROOF YOU DUMBASSES ! ERGGGG ! 
It's just sad when the ITS guys take one look at my computer and say " Oh shit ! " :( Hopefully will be fixed soon ! Missing Brandon like crazy ! I can't believe tomorrow is our 3 months ! It's gone by so fast ! I love him so much ! <3 
My kitten is finally starting to settle down at night ! =) She still makes me sneeze though ! 
Will never be a pro bowler ... shame :( 
Well , I will not be driving back to Pensacola tomorrow . Staying in Tampa for a while until Brandon no longer has a terrifying fever . He may have to have surgery though . Mummy is doing much better :) I have a feeling I'm going to get lectured by Target but that's thier problem . Family comes first <3 
Is going to Clearwater Beach with Mummy and Brandon ! :) Frenchy's Rockaway Grill for dinner ! 
Wow ... I just epically face palmed when I read a certain someone's status -.- 
I'm so in love with Brandon <3 
Goodbye England ! :( Missing everyone already ! <3 
In England ! Cold , wet , and exhausted ! 
Again , I'm even happier today than I was yesterday ! He is just so amazing ! Everyday he makes me feel like a princess ! <3 I love him so much ! 
I feel absolutely awful ='((( No matter how exhausted I am , I can't sleep . I don't drink caffeine anymore , I don't nap as often , I don't take headache medicine , I'm taking care of myself ... I just don't understand ! I'm exhausted and I go to bed early but never get to sleep until the next morning ! Unfair ='((( 
So I just tuned into Fox to prepare for Glee and saw the last performance . Wow . Nobody but Crystal deserves to be on that stage . Guess I'm not missing anything this season . Yay Glee ! Yay beautiful present from Brandon ! Yay computer being fixed ! Boo having a cold ! Boo nosebleeds ! Missing my baby like crazy ! 3 months tomorrow ! <3 
Feeling sick to my stomach :( Got another headache but at least it's the first in a week :) Tried to go to bed at 8:30 but , alas , another late night ... Hopefully I will be better tomorrow ! 
Claritin-D is officially the most incredible allergy medication I have ever taken in my entire life ! It's been a long time since I can remember breathing without sneezing ! =D 
Today , Brandon and I are spending a romantic couple of hours cleaning our cars and running errands ! Aww we're so cute ! =P BBQ and football game tomorrow night ! <3 I love him so much ! 
Berries & Cream ! Berries & Cream ! I'm a little lad who loves Berries & Cream ! BERRIES & CREAM ! BERRIES & CREAM ! I'M A LITTLE LAD WHO LOVES BERRIES & CREAM ! <3 Madeline Cates and Bethany Goolsby =) 
I'm finally home ! ='D 
Is watching Oliver with my best friends , Mr Chocolate Truffle and Dr Pepper . Going to Orlando early in the morning ! 
Wow ... The Last Airbender is quite literally the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life . Rotten Tomatos gave it an 8% ... generous . 
Spending the day with Brandon ! <3 
At the midnight premier of Inception with Brandon , Katie , Star , and lots of other awesome people :) I love my boyfriend ! 
Why do some people feel the need to start drama over nothing ?! Literally ... nothing . Its so pathetic . Anyways ! I found Dr Pepper ! Wooooo ! 
A nice hot shower after a long day at work was just what I needed :) 
Oh my gosh ! I have about 5 things left to move then I'm completely moved in with my favourite girls and best roomies in the world ! <3 Maddy and Bethany :) Loved having Mummy , Maimee , and Brandon around for moving day ! I'm so happy ! 
I'd rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I am not . 
* face palm * 
So sunburnt ! =( I completely forgot about that whole sun thing ! FSU won even though they played terribly ! Relaxing then heading to the mall with Brandon <3 
I can't sleep :( Oh I knew this day would come lol I sleep better when Brandons with me ^.^ I miss him ! 3 months <3 
Halfway home ... it's been a very long 3 days ! So sleepy ! 
I love you Brandon ! <3 Happy 3 Months ! Honestly the best 3 months of my life so far and I know it'll just keep getting better ! ='D 
Strawberry Ice Cream with Gummy Bears :) My life is completely wonderful ! I have the best friends and the most incredible boyfriend ever ! <3 
I can't wait to get home and start working at Target with Katie ! <3 It's going to be so nice being busy again ! =) Road trip to Brighton tomorrow , Party on Saturday , Last day in England on Sunday , Home on Monday , Tallahasse on Tuesday , Back to Pensacola on Wednesday , Work on Thursday ! OMG ! <3 I love being busy busy busy like a bee ! <3 I have such a wonderful life ! <3 
I despise people who use others for selfish reasons . Thats not friendship . On a happier note : I love that I haven't had one headache since I moved out of the apartment ! I'm no longer surrounded by inconsiderate awful people ! I'm loving every second of my life right now ! I'm always so happy and goofy ! Finally me again ! <3 Maddy , Bethany , and Brandon ! 
I feel like I got punched in the face . Stupid sinuses . Work tomorrow from 9-1 then maybe movies with Madeline and Bethany ! Missing Brandon already ! <3 I love him so much ! Yay for Skype ! 
Is planning to do my last two years of school at UF ! =) But I will always be a true FSU fan ! <3 
Is feeling very sicky but hopefully a nice hot shower will help :) Very proud of Brandon for doing well on his final ! My funny memorization tips must've helped :p Missing Maddy and Bethany and Peaches a lot ! 
Ugh ! Hate seeing my best friend in the ER ! :( So happy she's okay though ! I love you so much Katie ! 
Brandon taught me how to play poker . I'm supposed to tap twice to check . I thought you check in the game Checkers . Yum ... Checker's french fries . =) I have an extremely odd way of thinking . 
I can't wait to move and actually be able to relax in my own house . I love and miss you Brandon ! 
Lucky I'm in love with my best friend <3 He is more wonderful everyday :) Missing Poppy Clephane McCarthy already ! I want to kidnap her and keep her forever ! xoxo 
='((( 
I want to go home . Now . 
So , considering I can break most technology ... I'm actually really good fixing my computer O.o Who knew ? 
This country is too cold . 
Isn't it funny that I know my Mummy's credit card number by heart but not mine =) 
I love him so much <3 
<3 
Does not want Brandon to leave tomorrow =( Lame . 
So in love with Brandon ! Love living with my girls ! So happy for Maddy ! Love seeing her so giddy ! Ran into Katie today which was completely wonderful ! Missing her so much ! My life is wonderful ! <3 
I can't sleep knowing he's upset and in pain ='(( I love him so much ! <3 Brandon 
I feel way older than 19 . I'm so ready to have my career and my family and move somewhere far away from these lying immature babies and start a new better life ! 
It's ridiculous how quiet it is during the day but the second the sun goes down and normal people can shut up , my whole apartment turns into the loudest place on campus -.- I love my awesomelly rude roommates . Cant wait to move ! <3 
Oh my goodness ! I just woke up to Brandon walking in with bags of healthy groceries and a Chick-fil-A breakfast so that I'm set for the day because he wont be here and I'm so sick I can barely stand up . He is the most wonderful incredible boyfriend in the whole universe ! I love him so so so much ! <3 Today will consist of food and sleep =) 
Ah , Minion . You fantastic fish you . 
Is home in wonderful warm Pensacola ! Cannot WAIT to see Bethany and Madeline ! :') 
Doesn't wanna leave Brandon ='((((( 
Got no sleep last night because of that migrane and I still have a headache . My phone is acting up again . Hopefully I sleep tonight . I really miss my Mummy and Brandon <3 Nighty night ! 
Why are there phone bills in a country of free speech ? 
I truly am a country girl at heart ! <3 Brandon 
I can't wait to see Brandon on Friday ! =D 
Lonely :( Gonna shower and start packing . Cant wait to see Brandon later . 
Everytime I say I want to lose some weight , everyone freaks out like I'm anorexic or something ! Why can't someone say " Good for you ! " for once ?! Ugh !!! :( I'm just trying to be healthy and feel good about myself ! 
Having trouble sleeping :( Dont want my Mummy to go home ! 
Is supposed to fly home tomorrow but will probably be stuck here instead :'( I wanna go home to see my girls and Brandon ! Stupid volcano . 
Getting ready for my interview ! Then packing for England tomorrow ! 
Hates to see Brandon in so much pain but LOVES hanging out with him while he's on very large doses of Lortab ! XD " Lucky bastards , they all take eating for granted ! " " Hey look , I ate a breadstick ! " <3 Love him so much ! 
Whatever . 
Wishing I could be with my Kyla right now ! I love you baby sis ! 
The party was so much fun ! :) I miss Brandon like crazy ! Ash Cloud please move . I would like to know home now . 
I haven't slept for 2 days . I can barely function anymore . Nighty night ! I love you so so much Brandon ! 
Mall with Brandon to pick up my best friend's birthday present ! <3 
Will not know until 5am whether I'm coming home or not :/ 
So my doctor says I'm experiencing rebound headaches . I get headaches from taking medication . Odd ? I think so . So I have to experience a few days of withdrawl and not take anything ! Lol . Oh well :p HAPPY 3 MONTHS BRANDON ! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH ! 
Singing with Poppy Clephane McCarthy is absolutely one of my favourite things to do ! One day we will have a duet at #1 . That's a promise . 
Is getting sick :( Work at 9am , cleaning my room and my car , then resting . I really do have the best friends and most wonderful boyfriend in the universe ! <3 
Has a very bad headache =( 
On another date with Brandon ! I loves him lots ! 
Muffins <3 I love Brandon ! 3 Months ! ^.^ 
Happy 10 Months Brandon ! <3 
I wish I could shut down my brain sometimes . So I could stop thinking for a while . 
This year has been the most wonderful year of my life ! Happy Anniversary Brandon ! I love you so much ! <3 
Being dragged to The Social Network makes me hate Facebook even more . I'm turning off all updates to my phone . 
Happy Mothers Day ! I love you Mummy ! You are the most incredible person in the whole universe ! <3 Mother/Daughter shopping day in Camberly and at the lovely Festival Place in England ! :) 
Feels so sick :'( nap made it worse 
This is what Brandon got me ! It has a ruby and a diamond and I love it and I love him ! <3 http://www.zales.com/product/index.jsp?productId=2136824 
So Biology is going to be a breeze compared to my high school Biology =) Class was good except for the awful terrible headache I have =(( I shall drink a Yoo Hoo and lay down with an ice pack =) COME BACK BRANDON ! 
I love having Brandon here ^.^ He takes such great care of me ! Mummy and Maimee get here tonight ! I can't wait ! * shudders with excitement * Eeeeep ! xoxo 
Terrible headache ='(( 
Ran into four awful people at the Rave :( I actually get tight chest pains from how scared I get when that happens ... so happy I have Brandon now ! 
Allergies make me feel like I have the flu O.o 
Oh gosh , I hate 5am in England -.- The suns already up . No joke . 
Shopping at M&S in Camberly with Mummy and Gran ! Missing Brandon , Madeline , Heather , Bethany , and Katie so much ! <3 
Happy 2 Days Early Birthday Katie !! =D Spending the day with the birthday princess and her family ! :) Then a suprise 6 month date tonight ! <3 
Misses dance a whole lot ! 
I can't wait to see my Brandon on January 21st ! OUR ANNIVERSARY ! =D 
Ahhhh ! I just had a dream about cashiering ! NOT COOL ! 
Is a little bit of a video game nerd =) 
Ughhhh :( 
I <3 Brandon Gilmore ! 
The true test of a relationship : Whether you can discuss politics and religion without even one argument ! :D 
Work 10:30 - 5:30 then finishing up my room and doing some job hunting :) So excited to have a day off tomorrow ! I love my Brandon lots n ' lots ! 
Shopping at the mall then dinner and a movie with Brandon ! <3 Celebrating 4 months ! :') 
There aren't even words to describe how much I love him <3 
MY AMAZING MUMMY GETS HERE IN 6 HOURS !!! ='D BEST DAY EVER !!! 
So I just took a relationship survey with Brandon to help him get extra credit and it was probably the most entertaining survey ever ! :) Made us both realize how lucky we are to have such a great relationship ! 
Me : " Where can I buy pepper spray ? " Brandon : " ... I'm not that clingy am I ? " Best moment ever . 
I would very much like my computer back . So excited that Brandon comes home tonight ! I don't feel like me when he's not around . I love him so much ! Mummy and Maimee get here tomorrow ! This weekend is going to be absolutely wonderful ! xoxo 
I love Brandon Gilmore with all my heart :) I have the absolute most incredible friends in the world <3 Madeline Cates , Heather Morgan , Katie Nix , Bethany Goolsby , Carole Clephane Tonnison <3 My life is wonderful ! 
I need you now tonight And I need you more than ever And if you'll only hold me tight We'll be holding on forever <3 
Is heading to Tallanasty tomorrow to see my Brandon ! :) 
HAPPY BIIRTHDAY MADELINE ! =D 
Would really like to be home now but the rain is going to make the drive slower :( I can't wait to spend a week at home ! 
Sonic with Bethany ! Love her ! <3 
Is going to Destin with Brandon Gilmore for lunch at Hard Rock Cafe then Mini Golf ! =)) I have the best boyfriend in the universe ! <3 
Is extremely sick of rude people . It's not attractive or funny . Grow up . I love my friends so much <3 
Sunburn just seems to be getting worse ! Must remember sunblock !!! 
Brandon is the most incredible person and boyfriend in the universe ! <3 I love love love him so much ! :) He actually knows how to treat me ! ^.^ 
Work :) Headache's gone ! <3 
Is hoping all my insane study tips will help Brandon on his final =P 
Wedding with Brandon ! :) 
" She was doin ' algebra while you were still in diapers ! " <3 Madeline and Bethany ! 
Is not going home today because of the stupid volcano ='( So , I plan on doing lots of fun stuff to distract me :) First on the agenda : Cake for breakfast ! I miss everyone so much ! <3 Brandon , Madeline , Bethany , Katie , and Heather 
It's been years since I've been this happy ! No more headaches , No more sleepless nights , Best friends in the world , Amazing family , Most incredible boyfriend in the universe ! <3 Brandon Gilmore , Heather Morgan , Madeline Cates , Katie Nix , Bethany Goolsby , Kyla Sierra <3 
The more time I spend with him , the more time I want to spend with him . I'm happy 110% of the time when we're together . I can't wait to figure out what's gonna happen next summer ! <3 I love you Brandon Gilmore ! 
Is back in America ! 
Finally in Tallahassee with the love of my life ! :) He got me a presenttt ! ^.^ Gonna get some good sleep tonight after this lonnggg day ! <3 I love you Brandon ! 
Brandon and I are one of the happiest couples out there but we see each other less often than stupid couples :( Unfair ! At least we're happy ! Going to Tallahassee until Thursday to spend time with my awesome boyfriend before going another week without seeing eachother :( My phone isn't working so just message me on here . Got my first paycheck today ! I'm very pleased :) 
Today is just one of those days that I am completely exhausted ! Brandon's cousins wedding was beautiful ! Watching Tim Burton's Alice In Wonderland with my love <3 Then getting an early night because I work at 5AM WTF ?! Erg . 
You see , I can be myself now finally In fact there's nothing I can't be I want the world to see you'll be with me <3 
Don't tell me not to fly I've simply got to If someone takes a spill it's me and not you Who told you you're allowed to rain on my parade ? :) 
Today is the beginning of my awesome life without any notice of people who bring me down :) I only want the nice people ! =D 
After being stuck in England because of the make believe " Ash Cloud , " I am finally going home tomorrow ! Waking up at 5AM . Awesome . 
I can't stay awake any longer ! ='( I'm so tired I'm starting to feel sick ! Hate jetlag . Goodnight ! <3 4 Months tomorrow :') 
Getting ready to spend the rest of Father's Day with Brandon's family <3 
Would very much love to be able to relax and get some sleep =( 
Ugghhh ! I want to sleep but I CAN'T BECAUSE OF ALL THE NOISE ! -.- 
Heading back to the dreaded Pensacola in the morning -.- Buying boxes to start packing then off to the Pensacola Interstate Fair with Brandon !! Then Brooke & Stephen's Wedding on Saturday ! <3 
OMG ! I went in for my interview and they hired me right then and there ! I'm now a Target Team Member ! <3 I get to work with Brandon Gilmore and Katie Nix ! Two of my absolute favourite people ! I'm so happy ! England tomorrow ! <3 
Lol . People are soooo fake . If only they knew what really went on behind thier backs ... they'd all hate eachother . Cannot wait to go home ! Less than 2 weeks ! Going to dinner at Brandon's house ! 
Getting up at 5am to be at the hospital for Brandons surgery :( I'm worried but everything should be okay . 
The thunder is terrifying ! There's lightning everywhere ! Going to see The Sorceror's Apprentice with Brandon :) 
The longer I'm away from Pensacola , the less I miss it . I miss my wonderful friends and roomies of course , but it would be nice to have a fresh start somewhere where my life isn't contaminated by people who talk about me behind my back and are wierdly obsessed with me ... I think moving so much in my life has given me the itch to move again =P Haha ! Hmmm ... where to go next ?! =) 
How is it I go to sleep at midnight almost crying from exhaustion but wake up 2 hours later and can't sleep ?! :( 
I am moody and messy I get restless and it's senseless How you never seem to care When I'm angry , You listen Make me happy , It's your mission And you won't stop until I'm there Fall , With you I fall so fast I can hardly catch my breath I hope it lasts <3 
Laundry and Mall today with Brandon ! Gonna have some delicious chinese food for lunch and do some shopping for my best friends birthdayyy ! :) 
Had the most wonderful anniversary weekend with Brandon Gilmore <3 I miss him like crazy already ! 
Music really is my life <3 
Is baking more brownies ... because I just ate the last one ! =D 
I'm not ready for Brandon to go back to Tallahassee in a few days ! ='(( Maybe I should kidnap him ... 
I feel like I need a change . I feel good about myself , but I want to feel great ! One month from now I will look like a new and healthier me :) and I will be in a great place financially , academically , and emotionally ! <3 This is going to be the best summer ever ! Happy Birthday Madeline ! I love you Brandon ! 
Heading to England today ! It's going to be so hard not being with Brandon ='(( I love him so much ! <3 
It's like I waited my whole life for this one night It's gonna be me , you , and the dance floor Cause we only got one night Double your pleasure Double your fun And dance forever ever ever ! <3 
Steelers ! 
I really hope I can make my phone last until October 29th ! =/ 
I actually can't wait to go to the doctors ! 
='( My throat and ankle are both swollen . I wanna sleep ... 
Read a very sad true story and is now a bit choked up :'( 
Oh jetlag ... I HATE YOU ! Awake and hungry -.- 
Boy You stand by me I'm forever yours Faithfully <3 
I pray your brakes go out runnin ' down a hill I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill And knocks you in the head like I'd like to I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls I pray you're flyin ' high when your engine stalls I pray all your dreams never come true Just know wherever you are , honey , I pray for you ;) Best song ever . Thanks Madeline :) 
Sex and the City with Madeline , Bethany , and Lauren ! <3 
Prince of Persia was pretty good :) Going to a wedding with Brandon tomorrow ! <3 
Happy 6 Months Brandon ! :) Literally the happiest I've ever been ! I love you so much ! Work 11 - 7:30 pm and surgery for Brandon :( 
My government notes printed on about 40 pages ... oh joy ! 
12 days until Brandon gets here <3 
He's my best friend <3 I'm just in love with him too :) 
Shrek Forever After has the best soundtrack ! Awesome movie ! :) I have the best friend/boyfriend in the whole universe ! He makes everyday wonderful ! 
Burnt my finger really badly :'( It has a blister on it . 
I dont like that I still have down days :( 
Just had an awesome long conversation with my daddy ! :) It's been a long time ! Walmart with Brandon ! Gosh I lead a thrilling life :p 
I get off the phone with him and instantly miss him again ='( I can't wait for Friday ! He finally comes home for the rest of the summer ! So in love with him ! <3 
I rarely ever have anything but happy statuses ... but tonight has sucked ='(( I'm so ready to curl up in a ball and sleep . 
Hates cashiering with a passion . Within my first hour of doing it , some really old lady got pissed when I asked for her ID and said I shouldn't be a cashier if I can't tell she's old enough to buy alcohol ... UGH ! It's the law you dumbass ! 
If I didn't have family overseas , I would be more than happy to delete facebook . I absolutely hate the drama and immaturity . 
I can insult people on levels that they can't even comprehend ... LIKE STUPID GIRLS WHO WORK AT PENAIR ! 
I am completely useless when it comes to technology . I break everything . Had a lovely Skype date with Brandon ! <3 I love him lots ! Heading to bed ! Nighty night ! xoxo 
So sleepy ! Goodnight everyone ! Work from 12pm - 6:30 pm AND I get to work with the lovely Katie Nix tomorrow ! <3 
Relaxing with Brandon :) Watching Tron and playing Sims 2 ! 
Is probably not going to Orlando for my birthday anymore :( 
No matter what I will find a way to go to Islands of Adventure on my birthday and see the Blue Man Group ... MWAHAHA ! :) 
Loves my friends more than anything ! They are the absolute most wonderful people in the world ! <3 Mummy , Heather , Madeline , Bethany , Katie , Kyla , and of course Brandon ! 
Brandon is home :) Can't wait to see my lovely gorgeous Mummy on Wednesday ! My eyebrows no longer look like they were taken over by ferrets ! Work tonight from 4:30 - 11:00 . 
Happy 9 months Brandon Gilmore <3 You are the best friend/boyfriend in the whole wide universe =))) 
Might be stuck in England until Wednesday :'( Thanks Ash cloud -.- 
Is feeling rather blah . Heading to Sharon's Rock Music School for the evening ! :) Should be loads of fun ! Missing everyone loads ! <3 Brandon , Madeline , Bethany , Katie , Kyla , Heather <3 
Delicious Blueberry Muffin for breakfast :) Work at 9 , gotta clean my room and my car , then grocery shopping . Fun filled day if I do say so myself :p 
Feels pampered :) Just gotta get my hair done ! It's so blonde ! I love my girls so so much ! <3 Madeline Cates , Bethany Goolsby , and Katie Nix <3 You guys are the greatest ! Loving Brandon Gilmore so much ! 
Everyday I love him more and more ! He is the love of my life ! I'm just so happy all the freaking time ! =P I have the best boyfriend ever and the best friends in the world ! <3 Brandon Gilmore , Katie Nix , Madeline Cates , Bethany Goolsby , Heather Morgan <3 
Walmart babies piss me off . Target babies are CUTE !!! 
I'm officially sick of everything . There's too much drama and bullshit and crappy people . I'm so over it . I'm just going to spend all my time with people who care about me and don't hurt me . 
Found out some stuff about my past that truly makes me wonder how it's even possible for someone that close to me to be so two-faced ... and how someone I thought hated me actually turned out to be one of the greatest people in my life ... it really makes me wonder who my real friends are ... I love you Katie Nix ! <3 
So far away from where you are These miles have torn us world's apart And I miss you Yeah I miss you So far away from where you are Im standing underneath the stars And I wish you were here <3 
Be jealous . I have an awesomely crazy family , amazing friends , and the best boyfriend in the universe ! <3 
This face mask is rather refreshing :) While I have the energy , I am pampering myself ! 
I honestly think this is the most epic fail at an attempt to be controlling in the whole universe . For one year , one person tried to keep me away from 4 people ... they are now my 4 best friends . IN YOUR FACE ! I love you guys so much ! You mean the world to me ! Brandon Gilmore , Katie Nix , Bethany Goolsby , and Madeline Cates <3 
Job hunting :) 
You can bend but never break me ' Cause it only serves to make me More determined to achieve my final goal And I come back even stronger Not a novice any longer ' Cause you've deepened the conviction in my soul Oh yes I am wise But it's wisdom born of pain Yes , I've paid the price But look how much I gained If I have to I can face anything 
I am strong I am invincible I am woman <3 
Today has been a very happy and sad day ='( 
Doesn't like seeing my Mummy like this :'( 
Is having dinner with Katie and her family tonight ! :) 
Found a faster way to get to UWF ! Ha ! :) 
I hate Target for making me work at 5am but I love them for being just so darn awesome :) My throat hurts though :( Spending my 4 days off in Tallahassee :) It will be nice to get away for a bit <3 Brandon is so amazing ! :') 
Finally after 6 weeks I'm well enough to get back to P90X , Zumba , and the gym !!! Ahhhh !!! I'm so excited ! =D 
There was only 7 questions on the Calculus test ... kinda lame if I get one wrong ! 
Ohmygosh ! Finally bed time ! =')) Zzzzz ! I love and miss you Brandon ! <3 
Just had a wonderful hour long conversation with my little sister because it's her 17th birthday ! Happy Birthday Kyla Fletcher ! =D 
I love you Lauren Carden Carpenter :) 
Can't seem to keep a smile on my face for more than a few seconds :( I must improve that . 
I hate Target for making me work at 5am . Gonna get 2 hours of sleep before my awesome 6 hour shift then sleeping ALL day . 
Loves Madeline with all my heart ! <3 
Is driving home late after fixing my own tires ! Work at 9am ! <3 Cannot WAIT to give my Madeline her present and see my beautiful Bethany ! =) Had a lovely time with Brandon ! He is absolutely wonderful ! Glee tunes in the car ! 
Well , Mummy is home and doing well :) but now Brandon is in Urgent Care :( Oh what a week ! 
In a bad mood =( At least I'm all set for classes ! Today has been a very stressy day . Work 3 to 10 . 
Today has been an absolutely incredible day ! I have the best boyfriend a girl could ever ask for ! I love him :) These past 4 months have been the happiest of my life ! <3 
Ugh . Today is gonna be one of those days =/ 
Hit my freaking toe ! 
Wow . I'm exhausted . Sleeping in tomorrow :) Cannot WAIT for my Brandon to come home for the summer ! I miss him so much ! <3 
Oh jetlag . We meet again -.- 
Feels horrible :'( It's not fair that I'm ALWAYS sick . 
Hanging out with Brandon and Katie <3 
Still has a tummy virus ='( Lost weight bc of the stupid thing ! Really dont have the energy to work but I gotta :( 4:30 to close . Katie's birthday tomorrow ! My birthday in 5 days ! 
8 1/2 hour shift working with really rude two-faced people and going on almost no sleep ... Today isn't looking the best ... 
Got sent home early from work :( Throbbing headache :'( Resting in my cold dark room . I wish Brandon was here . 
Only 2 more hours to go ! I love my job :) 
It's my half birthday ! Just as exciting as a whole birthday ! :D 
Is feeling much better and happier than I have for a while :) and I'm sleeping better ! Going home will be wonderful ! I love you Brandon ! 
Had an awesome day :) I love my roomies ! Brandon is completely wonderful ! <3 
Ugh ! So not happy ! It's not fair when people do stuff to you that you KNOW they would hate if you did to them ... and I never would :( Feeling much better after rehydrating , napping , and taking a cold shower :) Gonna take all my healthy vitamins and medicines and tomorrow should be a much better day at work ! <3 Brandon Gilmore , Bethany Goolsby , and Daniel Quinn :) 
HAPPY 42ND BIRTHDAY TO MY DADDY ! I know he would be thrilled that I am telling everyone his age ! HAPPY 5 MONTHS TO THE LOVE OF MY LIFE ! :) Fastest 5 months ever ! Work tonight 5:30 - 10:30 and a horrible headache -.- NO WORK FOR THE NEXT WEEK ! =D 
So far , today has been the most boring day at work ever ! 
Shrek Forever After with Brandon ! :) 
Backache/Cold/Allergy/Prescription Meds , New work uniform , and birthdays has made this a particularly difficult month :/ 
I miss the years that were erased I miss the way the sunshine would light up your face I miss all the little things I never thought that they'd mean everything to me Yeah I miss you and I wish you were here <3 
Fed up today ... probably an early night :( 
I've had this migrane for 24 hours and it's just getting worse ='(( I want my Mummy ! 
Is down about everything today :( Work until 4:30 then fireworks with Brandon's family tonight ! At least that will cheer me up :) 
At the movies with Brandon seeing The Other Guys ! It's his first day out of the house since surgery and he's doing awesome ! :) 
Was very sick last night :( Brandon took care of me and now I'm all ready for a busy day at work ! Gosh who doesn't love July 4th weekend :p Busy like a bumble bee ! 
Valentine's date with Brandon tonight ! Bonefish for dinner then seeing Just Go With It ! :) I love him so much ! 
Had a lovely nap :) Time to pick up some antibiotics and cough syrup then get a hair cut ! Gonna try something new for the winter ! 
I can't remember the last time I felt so drained and exhausted ... 
24 hours later and I'm still nauseus and have a headache :( Only one more hour of work then I get to completely clean my room ! My next paycheck will be hefty like a glad trash bag :p 
My tummy still hurts really badly :( Work 10 - 5:30 then spending the evening cleaning my room and putting stuff in space bags :) 
Wow ! It's 101 degrees outside ! Off to work :) 
Ughhhhhh ! 
Mummy is lots better today ! =) 
So proud of my Katie ! =D She is amazing ! Worried about Brandon though :( Stupid cyst is back ! Work 4:30 to 10:30 . 
It's always the tiny sweet things that are most important <3 
Watched The Crazies with Brandon and now I'm not really wanting to sleep ! Lol . Work tomorrow from 10am - 5:30 pm . Hopefully I sleep well tonight ! :) Oh yea ! I love my Brandon <3 
No Target ! I will NOT work an extra shift today after an 8 hour shift yesterday , a swollen ankle and awful chest pains ! -.- 
Just gonna stand there And watch me burn But that's alright Because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there And hear me cry But that's alright Because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie 
Now your photo's don't have a picture frame And I never say your name and I never will And all your things Well I threw them in the trash And I'm not even sad Now you only have yourself to blame For playing all those stupid games You're always gonna be the same and no You'll never change ! <3 Thank you , Brandon , for not being an awful friend/boyfriend :) 
Today was interesting ... I worked a double shift last minute and made my boss look stupid :) I love those kinds of days . Off tomorrow but TONS to do ! My feets hurt =P I MISS KATIE ! BRANDON COMES HOME TOMORROW ! =D My life's kinda awesome ! 
Wow ! The Karate Kid was amazing ! My new favourite movie ! Incredible acting by little Jaden Smith ! :) 
I have such a lovely family <3 3000 miles away and they still make me smile ! =D 
Actually feeling a lot better :) Yummy healthy V8 splash ! 
I would just like everyone to know that I am completely head over heals in love with Brandon Gilmore <3 That's all =) 
Tampa <3 Not looking forward to tomorrow but glad to be home :) 
Driving back to Tampa tomorrow with Brandon to see my loverly Mummy ! <3 
Was up at 7:30 to begin my busy day :) Chik-Fil-A breakfast , Take Brandon to the doctor's , Get my paycheck , Buy things , Pick up Justin from day camp , See The Last Airbender :) 
He is good So good He treats your little girl like a real man should He is good So good He makes promises he keeps No he's never gonna leave So don't you worry about me <3 
Work wasn't actually too bad :) 8 hours of cashiering was a little rough but everyone who works at Target is so great ! My ankle is so swollen ! Missing Brandon like crazy ! Hoping Katie gets better soon ! Love my roomies so much ! <3 I am happy :) 
I'm convinced these antibiotics are some form of torture . Not being able to sleep doesn't seem like it would help with that whole getting better thing . 
I am so in love with him <3 Happy 5 Months Brandon Gilmore ! I love you ! 
Gonna finish painting my room today with Mummy while watching FSU vs . UF ! :) 
It's been a long day . Work was terrible today :( Why do people have to be so incredibly rude ? I wish I could be there to take care of Brandon :( 
I couldn't possibly love him anymore than I already do ... and then I always end up loving him more <3 
Hasn't been able to sleep for more than 4 hours a night for the past week even though I go to bed almost crying from exhaustion . Whatever little insignificant piece of health I have left is being destroyed by my lack of sleep -.- Work from 12 - 6:30 . At least I get to see Katie today , FINALLY ! 
Going to see The Karate Kid with my baby <3 I love him so much ! :) Brandon won $4 today at the survey for his awesome drawing of us which is in the top 10 ! 
The fire alarm went off at The Rave ... 
Is baking more brownies to keep my mummy ... I mean tummy happy ! :p 
On the road to Tampa with Brandon ! :) 
Well , Brandon's at work until 4:30 then I start work at 4:30 =( Going to sleep all day until work so that I am awake and ready for the midnight premier of Inception with Brandon and Katie and more fun people ! =) 
Migrane's gone ! =) I've been up for hours though ! I used to take Excedrin daily and now it makes me all loopy ! Brandon is completely wonderful for taking care of me for the past 24 hours ! <3 I really love him ! I am so incredibly insanely lucky to have him ! 
Has been with the most wonderful guy in the world for 8 months today ! =) I don't know how I got so lucky ! I love you Brandon ! <3 
Is there really anything funnier than Bethany under my car trying to feed and talk to a turtle , Me outside brushing my teeth , and Maddy taking pics ? I think not :) 
So happy my Maddy is feeling better ! Today was a long long day ! I love Brandon so much it's hard to believe it's even possible to have all that love ! :p 
I can't believe it's been almost 6 months already ! Part of me can't believe how fast time flies and another part of me can't believe it's only been that long ! =P I love him so so much ! <3 
Mummy and Brandon are both back in bed and asleep , Maimee is comfy and snoring , Kitchen is clean , and I took a lovely shower :) Time to relax until I am needed again ! 
This song sounds like a dance song Cuz dance songs are cool now So get up and shake what ya mama gave ya ! ^.^ 
At this moment , I despise my bank . I plan on being extremely difficult and rude until they fix it . I'm VERY angry -.- 
I love you Brandon <3 
2 days off work :) Gonna get rid of my icky sicky while I have the time ! Cleaning and errands today ! <3 I love my boyfriend ! 
Rent <3 
Bad mood and about to work :( 
He is completely wonderful ! =') I love you Brandon ! <3 
My car hit 40,000 miles today ! Work tomorrow from 11- 7:30 ! If I like you , come visit :) 
Wow ='( 
Work 11- 7:30 :) Oh boy ! I do love him a lot ! <3 
This week has been crazy ! Mummy is recovering very well and looks beautiful as always ! Maimee is still kinda limpy ! Brandon is taking Vicodin and Levaquin and may have to have surgery ! Aren't I the one that's usually unhealthy ? :p 
It makes me sick to know that someone from such an incredible and amazing family could be so two-faced and treat me like that for so long ... and that whole time I could've been with someone who actually loves me and makes me so happy <3 I love you Brandon Gilmore ! 
Spent all day at work talking about how excited I was for our 6 months and now I cant even see him today :'( 
I love my friends and family :) You know who you are ! 
Taking care of Mummy , Maimee , and Brandon is exhausting * YAWN * but I don't mind :) I love them ! <3 Sometimes I still don't understand what I was thinking for that year and a half ... After 5 and a half months of being with Brandon , I think I've finally realized that I didn't do anything wrong :) It's amazing not being lied to 24/7 <3 
Date with Brandon ! Olive Garden and Dispicable Me ! Hopefully it's not sold out ! The line is so long ! 
I absolutely despise this Twilight obsession . I was reading the books in high school before anybody knew it existed ... it becomes a movie and everyone just LOVES it . Read a book people . The movies are crap . 
My computer is broked :( Still not really eating but much better than last night :) Yay for Gatorade and Pedialyte ! Getting pampered tomorrow with Katie then a suprise 6 month date with Brandon ! 
Oh my gosh ! It's 100 degrees outside ! Going with Brandon to get him crocs for my birthday and party city to get my tiara and sash ! Then to work at 4:30 :( 
Poor Maimee is scared of the fireworks ! =( Heading to downtown St. Pete with Mummy and Brandon for dinner and fireworks ! =D 
Dear Brandon . Charge your phone . Target has those umbrellas you were looking for . Love , Danni . 
Can't eat or sleep so I'm going to do something productive like cleaning and re-organizing my room while watching all the movies I bought today . 
" That Bugs Bunny's a wascally wabbit " ~ Brandon ='D 
Waiting for Brandon to get back from class so we can go to lunch :) then taking an extra credit relationship survey for his class , then maybe a movie if he's up for it ! =P I love him so much ! 
I'm done . No more . 
I need him =( 
Mummy gets to come home tonight ! :) 
So it turns out that Mother's are always right ... if you get your stuff ready the night before , you won't be in a panic trying to find a pair of socks that morning ... One day I hope to be as wise as my Mummy :) 
Hardly got any sleep :( Work until 5:30 then gonna hang out at Brandon's house . 
Work 10 - 4:30 then packing for Orlando tomorrow ! =) Blue Man Group tomorrow night with Brandon and Mummy then Islands of Adventure on Thursday for my 20th birthday ! ^.^ 
Drama , Drama , Drama . 
Haha ! Justin Beiber you are NOT best new artist because you're awful ! :D 
Gonna be back at the hospital early in the morning . Missing Mummy already and still worried . Thanks everyone for caring so much :) and thank you Brandon for being here with me :') 
Watching Date Night with Brandon , Maddy , and Kailee ! :) 
It's so cold :'( 
Still has a headache :( Work tomorrow 8 - 4:30 . I love Brandon , Katie , and Madeline tons ! 
MINIONS ! =) 
Just discovered the average Pulix hourly wage ... =))) 
All my life I've tried to make everybody happy while I just hurt and hide Waiting for someone to tell me It's my turn to decide 
Cashiering on tax free weekend ... not cool . I hurt my hand :( its in a funky looking wrap . Boooooooo . 
I want him to come home ='( 
One tree decorated ! One to go ! :) I love having Brandon here ! I wish he never had to leave ! <3 
4 hours until Brandon gets here ! <3 Just enough time to organize my closet ... O.o 
Work today 10- 5:30 ! Missing my girl Katie already and so jealous that she's going to Islands of Adventure ! Brandon finally comes home for the summer tomorrow ! After he aces his exams of course ! Today and tomorrow are going to be busy but great days ! :) 
10pm and I still have so much to do :( Can't wait to see Mummy ! 
Going to get my hair cut so I don't look like a rat ! 
Spent almost 2 hours on the phone with my lovely Mummy after a not so great day at work :) I feel better ! Gonna spend a little time with Brandon then relax before an early night ! 
I love everything about the Christmas season :) 
Despicable Me was hilarious ! I love Minions ! =) 
Saturday will be the deciding day ! Washing Brandon's puppy , Sandy ! :) 
So , today I finally understood exactly what the phrase " love hurts " means . Love is not fighting and putting up with each other , it's the fact that it hurts more and more everytime I have to drive away from him =( I love you Brandon ! :) 
I don't quite know How to say How I feel Those three words Are said too much They're not enough If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me and just forget the world 
RIP Cell Phone . You were terrible . Thank goodness you finally croaked . On a happier note : YAY RACHEL ! CONGRATULATIONS ! <3 
Today is the day . Hoping things go well . Extremely nervous :( I love you so much Mummy ! RIP Buster Garnham Smith 6.24.2010 <3 
Extremely bummed that I won't be with my Daddy on Father's Day or his birthday ='( Way more upset than I thought I would be . 
Can't ... eating cookie . 
Is addicted to 24 ! It's so amazing ! =D 
Happy Birthday Katie ! ='D You are a completely amazing friend ! Brandon , you are an incredible person , friend , son , and boyfriend ... please dont ever doubt that ! I love you ! 
Trying to get a puppy to pee during a thunder storm is like trying to get me to pee in a public toilet ... Not gonna happen . 
Shopping with Brandon for our best friends birthday present !!! Miss Katie is 20 on Sunday !!! I cant wait for this weekend !! Gotta make sure she has a blast !!! 
Today is my day off and I still have to go to Target ! Lol . Gonna get some yummy fatty Chik-fil-a for lunch then clean the kitchen , living room , and my room :) Btw , I love Brandon more and more everyday ! 
Sore throat , watery eyes , stuffy nose , sensitive skin , and 3 hours of sleep :'( and work 10- 4:30 . 
So , The Sorceror's Apprentice wasn't terrible but it wasn't great either . Very cheesy ! Saw my Katie at work AND after work today =) I love her lots ! Brandon and I walked out of Wal-Mart with ANOTHER bag of junk food ... awesome ! I love him lots too ! <3 
GOING TO ORLANDO WITH BRANDON FOR MY BIRFFDAY ! Blue Man Group tonight with Mummy then Islands of Adventure tomorrow ! :) Yay 6 hour drive ! 
Is shopping after work for a swim suit and a birthday tiara :) 
Hungry and sleepy . 
Spending the day with Brandon ! =) Shopping and The King's Speech ! 
Scroll to the bottom of your Facebook page where it says in little blue letters , " English ( UK ) " Click on it . When the language box pops up , click on the arrow next to " English ( UK ) and select " English ( Pirate ) . " When you've stopped laughing , paste this as your status . 
i need him :'( 
Woke up with a migrane ='( Inception was incredible ! I love Brandon so much ! 
The sound of a ball bouncing against a wall is the most irritating noise in the whole entire world and makes me want to scream . 
So for our 6 months Brandon got me a huge vase of pink/purple daisies , a little dolphin , and a Jeff Dunham peanut tshirt ! He planned a picnic at the beach and bought me a tinkerbell towel and sand castle toys ! For my bday he got me a rose with a teddy bear hugging it ! 
Going to see my Katie ! <3 
Well , I said work was slow and then literally 10 minutes later it was really busy . Just my luck ! At least it made time go by faster :) Gonna eat a Hot Pocket then head over to see my Brandon ! <3 
Work has been pretty good this week :) Im excited for Carissa to move to softlines ! Love my Brandon <3 
Is still getting used to this not being lied to or treated like crap thing :) I like it ! 
So I managed 3 french fries and a cup of water before it all came back up again . Awesome ! I hope I didn't get that stupid stomach flu again ! :( 
Is ready to get out of Pensacola for good . Cannot wait for March ! 
How is it that sprite stays down but water doesn't ? I don't understand it . 
Every now and then I get a little bit lonely and you're never coming around Every now and then I get a little bit tired of listening to the sound of my tears Every now and then I get a little bit nervous that the best of all the years have gone by Every now and then I get a little bit terrified and then I see the look in your eyes Every now and then I fall apart ... 
People are so mean ='( I swear I feel like the only person in the world who doesn't talk badly about people behind their backs or lie to their faces ... and for that I get called a psychopath . Tomorrow is going to be a brand new beginning to everything and I'm going to be SO much happier ! 
Spending the day with Brandon at the mall for some birthday shoppingg ! Then Hooters for dinner and football ! =D It would be amazing if I didn't feel like I was dying durig all of this ! Oh well ... chin up ! 
Ugh ! 
Feeling kinda bummed today :( at least work was fun ! Gonna go hang out with Katie and Brandon ! 
Trying to reorganize and clean my room but my head hurts so bad =( 
Had a great day with everyone :) I hope Katie had an amazing birthday ! I love you girl ! I wish Brandon's silly Levaquin would stop making him sad though :( Work in the morning 10am - 4:30 pm . I love you Brandon <3 You're the best boyfriend in the whole universe ! 
Home and wondering what to do =/ I seem to have lost my appetite since I started working =( 
It's my birthday and already there's drama ! Seriously , if my ex doesn't back off in the next week I'm calling the cops and getting a restraining order -.- On a happier note , IM 20 !! :) 
I really do have some amazing people in my life who make everyday better ! My lovely Mummy , Brandon , Katie , Heather , Kyla , Catherine , Madeline , Bethany , Daniel , Travis , Charity , Rachel , Sharon <3 
Zumba and homework today ! :) 
Brandon killed a cockroach for me ! My hero ! I started crying but he saved me ! I love him ! ='))) 
This year is going to be the best Christmas ever ! =) 
Mallorie + Strawberry Nerds + Brandon = One of the best nights ever ! <3 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry Well that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie . 
Definition of heartbreak : When your perfect , wonderful , cute , funny , sweet , amazing boyfriend moves back to Tallanasty for school =( Booooo FSU . Thanks a lot for taking him away from me . You suck . 
The Last Airbender with Brandon :) Hopefully it's not as bad as everyone says ! 
Finally getting my hair dyed and cut today ! =))) 
Ding Dong ! The Witch is dead ! Which old Witch ? The Wicked Witch ! Ding Dong ! The Wicked Witch is dead ! Wake up sleepy head , rub your eyes , get out of bed ! Wake up , the Wicked Witch is dead . She's gone where the goblins go , below - below - below Yo-ho , let's open up and sing and ring the bells out ! Ding Dong ' the merry-oh , sing it high , sing it low ! Let them know The Wicked Witch is dead ! 
This week has really been one of those weeks ! I keep trying to be all optimistic but even the weather isn't cooperating ! :( I hope things get better soon . 
Went to dinner at the largest Hard Rock Cafe in the world ! Saw The Blue Man Group ! I now officially own my car ! Birthday breakfast then Islands of Adventure ! :) 
Feeling terrible today =( At least I get to see Carrie at her baby shower ! I cant wait ! =D 
Salt with Brandon , Katie , and Star :) 
Thrilled to be working another 8 hours on tax free weekend . Woo hoo . 
Going to sleep ! Cant wait so see my Mummy tomorrow for her birthday !! Goodnight ! 
Just saw a car with signs on it saying " CAUTION : BLIND MAN DRIVING " Then on the side of the car " Shutters , Drapes , and Blinds " =D 
Oh my gosh ! It's 100 degrees outside ! Going with Brandon to get him crocs for my birthday ! Then to party city to get my tiara and sash ! Then to work at 4:30 :( 
After 6 months we finally have a song and he picked it because it reminds him of me ! Oh her eyes Her eyes Make the stars look like they're not shining Her hair Her hair Falls perfectly without her trying She's so beautiful And I tell her everyday <3 There aren't even words to describe how much I love him ! 
My kitten is home after surgery ! 2 weeks with a cone on her head :( 
I love being back at school ! I love that I have such a supportive family ! I love how incredible my friends are ! I love that I have the most wonderful boyfriend in the world ! <3 I'm so lucky ! ='D 
Very sad that Mummy had to go home :( Hopefully not long before the next visit ! 
Wow . Never in my life ( including middle and high school ) have I ever met such resentful immature gossiping people ... I guess they all went to work at Target . I really do not deserve this . I hope I get to work at Publix soon ! This place makes me cry :( 
Oh Brandon always makes me smile :) He can make a bad day seem like the best day ! 
I wish I could go back to Tallahassee with Brandon ='( I don't wanna go a day without seeing him <3 
I <3 Brandon , Mummy , Katie , and Heather =))) 
If God is a DJ Life is a dance floor Love is the rhythm You are the music If God is a DJ Life is a dance floor You get what you're given It's all how you use it ! <3 Music really is my life ! Time to start singing again ! This time I mean it ! =D 
Spent a few hours deciding whether or not a Red Velvet Chocolate Creme Filled Cupcake is worth all those Weight Watchers points ... It is ! OM NOM NOM NOM ! =D 
8 hours of sleep ! :) Lunch with my dad then some much needed laundry ! 
When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change Cause you're amazing Just the way you are <3 I love him so much ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! I hope you all have a delicious turkey filled day ! =) 
GOING TO ORLANDO WITH BRANDON FOR MY BIRFFDAYYY !!! Blue Man Group tonight with Mummy then Islands of Adventure tomorrow ! :) Yay 6 hour drive ! 
And I am telling you I'm not going You're the best man I'll ever know There's no way I could ever go <3 I love you Brandon Gilmore ! You are my best friend and the best boyfriend in the whole universe ! =) 
Work 8am - 4:30 pm after 2 hours of sleep and still recovering from a migrane ... 
Decorating for Christmas with Mummy , Brandon , Maimee , and Oreo <3 
Finally bought socks ! 
I love my Maddy so much ! Love to you and your family ! <3 Snuggling with Brandon after a sad day :( I love him so much ! 
Work has been completely terrible so far and PenAir wont listen to me :'( I would love to crawl in a hole right now . 
Ugh :( today has been so rough :'( and now im working a double 
Brandon's surgery went really well ! He's a trooper ! :) 
Going to sleep :) I love Brandon so so so so sooooooo much ! Excited for classes to start again tomorrow ! Idk why everyone is so upset about it ! =D 
Had such an amazing day with Mummy & Brandon ! Shopping , Dyed my hair , and dinner at Flounders ! Tomorrow : Manicures , Lunch , and Movies ! Happy Birthday Mummy ! xoxo 
From now on I will be getting the flu shot every single year until I die . 
Can't cheer up today :( 
Happy Bithday Katie ! My bestest friend is 20 today ! Going to Destin tonight for dinner to celebrate ! =D Brandon , I love you ! I have such wonderful people in my life ! <3 
My Mummy is such an amazing dancer !!! 
Wowww ... Glenn Beck is SO ANNOYING ! 
Work again today then going to Brandons house . I really hope he starts getting better soon ! Some families really don't make sense to me =/ 
Today is feeling like one of those days :'( I really hope Katie's audition goes well ! I know she will be amazing ! 
Working all 3 tax free days -.- No . Not cool . I'd rather be playing my NINTENDO 64 THAT BRANDON GOT ME ! YEAH ! =D 
Homework and shopping today ! Silver Springs tomorrow with Brandon ! <3 
SCOTT PILGRIM VS THE WORLD IS MY ABSOLUTE FAVOURITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME ! ='D Best 7 month date ever ! I love you so much Brandon ! 
Had the best time in Destin with Brandon ! Mini Golf , Lunch at Hard Rock Cafe , Shopping , and Go-Karts !!! ='D I have the bestest friend/boyfriend in the entire UNIVERSE !!! <3 
Had the best last night at work with Mallorie Clark and Katie Nix ! =D Work in the morning then no more Target ! =( 
I dont think its fair that some people go their whole lives without ever having a migrane and others get them weekly :( 
Had a completely wonderful day with my bestest friend Katie , Audrey , their mom and granny :) Gonna take a lil kitty nap before my 6 month date with the love of my life ! I love you Brandon ! 
Just walked out the doors of Target ... and I have to be back at work in 8 hours . Do I really have time to eat , shower , and sleep ? 
Got the highest grade in my class on the first calculus test :D yes I am bragging about my 98% :p 
Made it to work 2 hours late ... I feel terrible :'( 
I <3 Madeline Cates =) 
The 21st is our 7 months :) So we are having our date tonight ! Dinner on the beach at Flounders then a movie !! I sure do love him a lot ! <3 
Day 1 of P90X =) 
The Office : Season 6 ! <3 
Went to dinner at Flounders with my love :) Seeing Scott Pilgrim ! It's been such a great day ! 
Awake O.o About to head to the hospital for Brandon's surgery ... I'm thinking I'll be napping while waiting . 
Baby , It's cold outside :) 
I love and miss you Brandon Gilmore <3 I can't believe how lucky I am to have a guy who actually likes being taken and just gets sweeter and more amazing everyday ! =) 
Ugh ! Driving is not a game ! Grow up people ! It's a job ! I almost just got into 2 accidents within seconds of eachother and neither woulda been my fault :'( One would hurt me and the other woulda most likely killed the little dumb girl who was driving ! Erggg !!! 
Can't wait for my Brandon to get better completely ! :) Only a couple months and he'll be all healthy again ! <3 I really love him ... it's kinda obvious :p 
Thank you so much to everyone who sent me birthday messages ! You're all so sweet ! :) Had an amazing day at Islands of Adventure and got some wonderful gifts ! So happy ! 
This Christmas is going to be amazing ! :) 
My phone is giving up on me =( I love spending time with my Brandon ! <3 Work tomorrow from 9-3 . 
Tonight my head is spinning I need something to pick me up I've tried but nothing is working I won't stop I won't say I've had enough Tonight I start the fire Tonight I break away Break away from everybody Break away from everything If you can't stand the way this place is Take yourself to higher places 
It's so hard to sleep without him here =( I love and miss you Brandon <3 
Can't sleep ... again . Happy Birthday Mummy ! 
Wishing I was at the river with Brandon ! His surgery is tomorrow morning =( Work tonight from 4pm - 9:30 pm then hanging out with my love for a while ! 
I've fallen/I have sunk so low/I messed up/Better I should know/So don't come ' round here/And tell me I told you so/Heaven bend to take my hand/Nowhere left to turn/I'm lost to those I thought were friends/To everyone I know/Oh they turn their heads embarassed/Pretend that they don't see 
Aww Steelers didn't even deserve to win playing like that . GLEE TIME ! :D 
Work , Homework , Work , Eat , Work , Homework , Work , Sleep ... Something doesn't seem right here ... :p 
I hope things change soon =( 
The worst feeling is having to leave Mummy after her surgery and not being able to stay with my Brandon after his surgery =(( 
MERRY CHRISTMAS !!! =D 
Still got a headache after 3 days :( I would really just like one night of solid sleep . I'm glad Meghan is here ! I love Maddy and Katie ! I miss Brandon being here :( 
Feels like I broke the top of my toe . Ouchy ! 
Is craving Fettucini Alfredo . 
Bounty Hunter with Maddy , Beth , and Caleb :) 
Wow ! Two amazing nights in a row ! <3 Maddy and Kailee ! I miss Katie ! Brandon , you are the absolute love of my life ! I'm so lucky to have a guy who just gets better and better every single day ! <3 
Going to the airport ! Then Brandon is joining us ! Happy Birthday Mummy ! <3 
Ugh =( Everyone ends up being the same . 
Brandon , Will you be my valentine ? :D 
Is spending New Years Day in Tarpon Springs with Mummy and Brandon ! :) 
Today is going to be one of those days =( 
Soooo that calculus test was so hard that the teacher helped us all take it ... I'm so glad he's dropping the lowest grade ! 
Brandon made me oatmeal for breakfast :) Yummy in my tummy ! Work until 7:30 then cleaning my room ! <3 I'm so glad he finally has his phone back ! 
Is super washing my laundry ! I just love being home ! =D 
Can't wait to get off work so I can go to Olive Garden and the mall with Brandon ! 
I hope I'm fully better by Christmas ! 
I really hate that Brandon is leaving tomorrow ='( Another 2 weeks apart . I can't wait until we're not long distance anymore ! 
Is getting a new phone and phone number today ! =) 
I bought a new shirt today . It says " Nom Nom Nom " =) 
My computer is supposed to be one of the best out there and it breaks all the time ! I treat it like an angel and it never works ! :( So frustrating ! Especially when I have online classes ! 
Still extremely sick :( but feeling tons better than yesterday ! I love cold weather ! :) 
Sleep and I have a very unstable and rather complicated relationship . Shame . I like sleep . 
I think I'd like to bake cakes for the rest of my life <3 
I wish it was Christmas already ! 
" An error has occured . Windows is shutting down to avoid any further damage . Attempting to recover data during the crash . " Oh fantastic . 
Your sweet moonbeam The smell of you in every single dream I dream I knew when we collided You're the one I have decided Who's one of my kind <3 
I love that I have the guy who never lets me go one day without flowers <3 I love you Brandon ! I miss you ! 
Brandon's gone again =( 10 more days without him . 
Had another great day with Mummy and Brandon ! :) Easy A was a great movie ! 
Is furious . I love my dad a ton . People should shut up and grow up . 
Thank you , Shorecrest , for making me 10x more prepared than every other person in my class . How do you get to be an English teacher and not know the correct way to do MLA ?! 
I miss Brandon so much ! ='(( 
Why are the Kardashian sisters famous ? They literally don't do anything ... 
WANTS A MOPED ! =D 
I'm a gonna huuuuuugggg yoooouuuuuuu ! <3 
I'm not very happy that I have to wait 7 MONTHS to see part 2 of Harry Potter ! Not happy at all ! :p 
It's our 9 months today and according to scientists that means we are officially out of the " honeymoon phase " =) even though I don't think we ever had one =P I love you Brandon !! 
I quite literally have the most incredible family <3 Mummy , Brandon , Daddy , Mark , Marianne , Heather <3 
Tomorrow is going to be amazing ! Pampering myself before Brandon gets here and we go on a date ! ='D I CAN'T WAIT ! 
I like to smile so that people wonder what I'm up to :p 
GET OFF YOUR PHONE WHILE YOU ARE DRIVING ! -.- People can be so stupid . 
Just found out that the rocky horror glee isn't until next week -.- 
My room is going to look amazing when its done ! 
I'm so drained ... 4 hours of sleep =( Work until 5 then back to homework . Come home soon Brandon , I need a hug ! 
Brooke & Stephen's Wedding was beautiful ! =D Made me tear up ! Now off to look at gerbils with Brandon ... apparantly he really wants one . 
Is sad that I have to leave Brandon for another 11 days tomorrow :'( 
So happy my Mummy finally made it here ! :) 
Can't remember the last time I slept through the night ! O.o Dinner and mall with Brandon ! :) 
Today is going to be the ultimate busy day . Oh boy . 
Is so ready to move into a bigger place ! I have so much stuff ! 
TO THE INVISIBLE BOAT MOBILE ! 
Has been freezing all day =/ Gonna snuggle my pillow and watch a movie and eat chocolate truffles ! 
" I'm gonna roll around on the floor for a little bit , KAY ? " =) 
Ahhh ! There's an animal in the attic/walls and it's freaking me out ! D= 
Busy morning tomorrow . Insurance and doctors then work again . Closing again tonight . I would like new sinuses please . 
I lost my voice ! D= How am I supposed to annoy people without a voice ?! :p 
It's Kind of a Funny Story was an amazing movie ! =)) I just cleaned Brandon's bathroom ... I believe I deserve cake . 
My Mummy always makes me feel better :) even over a text ! ^.^ Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's then taking a lovely nap before my wonderful Brandon arrives ! 
Is carving a pumpkin with Brandon and buying Mummy's christmas prezzie ! =D Moving out on Saturday ! Ahhh ! So excited ! 
Going on a date with Brandon ! Olive Garden then seeing It's Kind Of A Funny Story ! :) 
" Fashion is what you adopt when you don't know who you are . " 
The past 2 1/2 years have made me realize something ... I haven't ever felt at home except back with my Mummy :) 
So happy I got to talk to Brandon ! I cannot wait to see him on Wednesday ! Hopefully he will be 100% better by then ! I have the bestest most amazing friend/boyfriend in the universe ! 
I miss having my Brandon here to understand my humour and be wierd with me <3 Life is far too normal when he's not here ! 
If a guy pauses the video game when you're talking , he loves you . 
I absolutely hate being back in Milton . Off to the Pensacola Interstate Fair with my wonderful boyfriend !! :) 2 weeks today and I'm going home !! 
I dont think its fair to get a migrane right after I move home ='( 
Feeling awful :'( 
Gonna buy some boxes so I can start packing ! :) Then the mall for a while then the FAIR ! 
I'm forever yours , Faithfully <3 BMG 
I'm gonna miss spending time with Brandon's family ! I love hanging out with them ! :) 
Got pictures taken with Brandon this morning :) then took a nap . Now off to work with a terrible cold :( I love you Brandon ! 
Wishing this terrible headache would go away ! :( 
By the time you get to calculus shouldn't you know how to use a graphing calculator ? 
I need more Katie Nix and Heather Morgan in my life ! I miss you girls ! I love you Brandon and I love you Mummy ! <3 
Really needs to buy some icky tasting nail polish so I stop biting my nails ! 
Brandon , you are the love of my life <3 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't repost this , why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face . 
One week until my grandparents get here from England ! :D 
Ready to be 100% better after 7 weeks of being sick :( Being sick is boring . 
GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE !!! I <3 ROCKY HORROR AND I <3 GLEE !!!! 
Is hoping Brandon does great on his Organic Chemistry test tomorrow ! Good luck baby ! <3 I love you with all my heart =) 
Of course Brandon and I would get sick at the exact same time :( I feel terrible ! I love you baby ! 
Please can I feel better soon ? ='( I love and miss you Brandon ! 
Real friends don't lie to your face and ignore you when you need them most . I know exactly who my friends are now . No more mistakes . 16 days until I'm out of Pensacola and happily back at home with people who truly love me <3 
Is having trouble sleeping because of this sunburn ! You would think 20 years of my Mummy telling me to put on sunblock would've reminded me ! 
Had a great time at Carrie's baby shower ! Minus the whole being deathly sick thing . Baby showers make me <3 babies :) 
I have such an awesome boyfriend :) 
Is counting down the minutes until my first home cooked meal in months !!! ='D 
I love Brandon ! He is wonderful ! 4 days <3 
Is hoping I will still be with Brandon next Valentines Day ! :p 
Is excited for Kyla Fletcher's birthday tomorrow =))) 
Has had a headache all day ! :( Maybe watching Star Wars with Brandon will help ! :) 
13 days until my lil ' Oreo is better ! 7 days until my Brandon gets here ! 
It's so cold ! =D Moving day ! 
One more week until I finally get my hair done ! 8 days until Brandon gets here ! 10 days until Christmas ! :) 
Is being dragged to see The Social Network and is not happy about it -.- 
Is very happy to be in Tallahassee with Brandon ! :) 
Glee ! Rocky Horror Episode ! :) 
Is at the game ! FSU ! <3 
Today is looking like a great day ! Gym time ! =D I shall be smaller and healthier by Christmas ... just in time to stuff my face full of a delicious holiday roast dinner ! 
Is exhausted & going to bed at 9:30 pm :p Had an amazing weekend with my Mummy & Brandon ! Cannot wait for November 6th ! 
I know it's only November but I can't wait for Christmas ! =D ' Tis the jolliest time of year ! 
Shoooot :( my computer is broked . Today is going to be a great day though ! So excited for Brooke & Stephens wedding today !! 
Is missing my Brandon lots <3 
Tallanasty with Brandon until Monday at the lovely 4 points Sheraton ! :) 
Redbull & Gin . 
Yay antibiotics ! :) 
Is moved out ! On the way to Tallahassee for the night then home to St Pete tomorrow ! =D 
These antibiotics knock me out for a couple hours during the day but keep me up all night feeling sick :( Only 5 days left ! 
I absolutely hate Brandon's roommate -.- 
Is very sleepy and still hurting from the sunburn ! =( Only 17 more days on the countdown ! 
I love and miss you Brandon <3 
Ended up not doing anything for Halloween :( I got big plans for next year though ! 
Has the best boyfriend ever . Be jealous of his awesomeness ! :) 
Brandon gets here Thursday instead of Friday ! ='D 
Would rather be sleeping . 
Is really enjoying the whole sleep thing :) One week until I get to see Brandon again ! I can't wait ! I love him lots :p 
Brandon's here =))))) 
Cannot wait to get out of Pensacola =(( Away from people who treat me like dirt . Today is going to be a great day though ! Going on a picnic at the park with my amazing boyfriend for our 9 months ! <3 
Is uber insanely excited about the Rocky Horror episode of Glee tonight ! I CAN'T WAIT ! =D 
Is hoping Brandon's Papa gets better soon and gets out of the hospital ! 
Would like it if Oreo and Brandon would get better ! <3 
Has a terrible habit of forgetting to eat ... 
Brandon is here ! ='))) 
" Ya know , Everyone's always saying Justin Bieber is awful because he sings about stuff he knows nothing about ... but in his defense , it's hard to write songs about The Wiggles . " ~ I love you Brandon ! 
Brandon sent me Tulips . They're my favourite ! <3 
So sore from yesterday's workout ! It's time for day 2 of P90X ... Yay ? =/ 
Last day of this year ! :) Next year is going to be so much better ! 
Is changing my address on about 874839201324 different things ! =P Mummy gets here tomorrow !!! AHHHHHHH ! I CANNOT WAIT TO MOVE HOME ! 
Wants to sleep more ! 
One week ' til Mummy gets here to move me out !!! =D I can't WAIT to go home !!! 
Is feeling much happier =) My mummy is the bestest ! Starting on my room tonight ! 
My room is packed ! Heading back to Tallahassee with Brandon to help him study :) Mummy gets here in 3 days ! I can't wait ! 
I have the best boyfriend in the universe :) He told me the sweetest thing anyone has ever told me ! I love him :) 
The only way to have hot chocolate is to put double the amount of powder that the box says =) 
I love when somebody pulls the fire alarm at 5am . Funny . Really . 
Is having one of those mornings -.- 
I miss Brandon ! 
I pray your brakes go out running down a hill I pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like I'd like to I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls I pray you're flying high when your engine stalls I pray all your dreams never come true Just know wherever you are honey , I pray for you 
Last night with Brandon before 2 weeks apart ='(( 
Is moving out tomorrow ! =D 
Is going to stay up to see the first winter Lunar Eclipse in 400 years ... Just incase I die before the next one =) 
My dad and Mark got me a MacBook Air !!!! :))) 
I <3 Weight Watchers Points Plus ! =D It rocks . 
Scones !!! :) 
Ham and Eggs . A day's work for a chicken . A lifetime commitment for a pig . 
Is definitely getting sick :( I feel like my lungs are collapsing ... 2 hours of sleep probably didn't help . 
So getting up early is cool n ' all but now I'm bored and sleepy already ! ^.^ Nap time !!! 
Everyone has to believe in something . I believe I'll have another piece of pie . 
Is having the hardest time trying to sleep ='(( Flu is the absolute worst thing ever . Get your flu shots ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday , December6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
Scott Pilgrim vs . The World <3 
Extreme Makeover always makes me cry ! 
Is having a wonderful time with Brandon ! :) Dinner at Outback after some Scrubs and Lie To Me ! 
My room looks like a tornado hit it ... twice . 
Happy New Year ! :) I hope this is a great year for everyone ! 
Cats are really rude when they want to wake you up -.- Happy Christmas Eve ! :) 
Is hoping my baby kitten does well in surgery today ! Another few hours with Brandon then a lovely 4 and a half hour drive back home ! Only 11 days until I can see him again ! :) 
9 days until I get my hair cut ! 10 days until Brandon gets here ! 12 days until Christmas ! =) 
I dislike country music very much . 
I love picking out all new stuff for my bathroom !! :) New bathtub , new shower , new tiles , new sink !! 
Here's what I think . If there is a God , then you have to assume there is one for each religion . They are probably all hanging out together up there drinking tea wondering why on Earth we fight and discriminate so much . Probably not what they had in mind . 
The chance of a piece of bread falling with the buttered side down is directly proportional to the price of the carpet . 
Seeing True Grit with my Brandon ! :) 
Really wants to lose my American accent and go back to proper English full time ! =D 
I think this flu is actually beginning to go away ! :) I can't wait to have energy again ! 
I absolutely cannot stand the little brats that live next door . Do kids ever stop screaming ?! 
I'm just about ready to throw my phone in a lake . Grr . 
I love you Brandon ! Come back soon please ! <3 
Started painting my room today ! It's looking so good ! Off to see Burlesque with Mummy <3 One week until my Brandon gets here ! =) 
So my day did NOT get any better after this morning . We had to take Oreo to the hospital :( She has the herpes virus and now she's on even more meds ! I just want my little kitten to get better ! 
I feel like a Mum . I've been in the kitchen all day . 
We had a second Christmas today and this time Brandon was here ! =D I love when he's here ! <3 
Is watching Family Guy with my Mummy ! Bahaha ! 
If you want to sleep in at a hotel you have to sleep through : the temperature being wrong , the excited screaming children in the halls , the people who speak louder than everyone else , and housekeeping . 
Had an amazing day in Tarpon Springs :) 2 hour boat ride where we saw dolphins and went shelling ! Then ate way too much Greek food ! Now we're going to watch My Big Fat Greek Wedding ! 
Just found out how many points are in my favourite chocolate cake and I don't like it anymore . 
Calculus test and Government ! Yay . 
I bet a bunch of teenage girls will drag their friends and/or boyfriends to go see the Justin Beiber movie . Eww . 
Thunderstorms make me want to stay in bed all day ! 
Can't stop sneezing ! 
Is starting the Christmas preparations today ! :) 
Antibiotics make me drowsyyyyy ! 
Woah really bad thunderstorms !!! D= 
First day of Calculus today :) My other classes don't start for another month ! 
Saturday night at 8 o'clock! You know what we're doing ! ;) MONOPOLY !!! :D 
Yay I got new contacts and glasses ! I CAN SEE ! :D 
My toe still hurts :( 
Had a wonderful nap :) Going to see Drumline live with Mummy tonight ! Driving to Silver Springs tomorrow to spend the weekend with Brandon ! <3 
Calculus ! =D 
Leaving Brandon gets harder every single time :'( 
The roof and the bathroom are being completely redone this week ... YAY NOISE ! 
Going to Silver Springs with Brandon today ! =D 
Loves waking up to kitten puke -.- 
Cardiologist says I have a very good looking heart :) 
Brandon gets here tomorrow morning and then we are having another Christmas day ! Everyone is coming over again to celebrate ! =) 
The show Bridezillas scares me ! They're crazy ! 
Hates Tallanasty ... BUT LOVES BRANDON ! :D 
Absolutely hates leaving Brandon :( I love him so much ! It's nice going home to Mummy , Maimee , and Oreo though ! 
Feels sick again :( I'm so sick of being sick ! 
First day of 2 more classes . Not in the mood . My bed is just too comfy ! 
If I throw a stick , Will you leave ? 
In the past 5 weeks I have had antibiotics , then more antibiotics , then anti viral meds , then more antibiotics ... on the plus side , I lost 6 pounds this week ! 
Wants Brandon's back to get better !!! 
Why is there ALWAYS one obnoxious person in every class ? 
Lost 3.2 pounds this week =D 
I hate Taylor Swift , Justin Beiber , Lady GaGa , Katy Perry , etc ... all this pop junk makes my ears bleed ... Where did the actual good music go ? 
I would do almost anything to never have another migraine again =(( They're so horrible . 
Spending the weekend in Silver Springs with Brandon ! :) Happy Anniversary ! I love you ! 
IS SO ITCHY ALL OVER AND I DON'T KNOW WHY !!! AAAAHHH !!! 
Just Go With It was funny :) I LOVE BRANDON ! <3 
Cannot wait for the day when Brandon and I can see each other everyday and not just every two weeks ! I miss him lots ! 
Apparently I completely missed the memo about the speed limit changing to the minimum -.- 
Feels bad for Christina Aguilera :( Nerves always win ! STEELERS ARE DISAPPOINTING ME ! 
Why does the roof have to be fixed so early in the morning ? :( 
Dance Dance Dance ' til you're dead ! 
Spending Valentine's weekend in Gainesville with Brandon ! :) 
Has the most amazing boyfriend in the entire universe ! :) 
Ahh ! There is nothing to do in Gainesville ! 
Can't stand all these nose bleeds :( It makes me all queezy :/ 
Forgot to set my alarm last night so woke up with 10 minutes to get ready then got ANOTHER nose bleed . Perfect start to the day . 
Grandparents here for a month ! Wooooooo !!!! :D 
Our governer is an idiot . 
If the guy that sits behind me in class doesn't stop sniffing , coughing , tapping his pencil , tapping his feet , and being cocky , he is going to get a nice slap in the face . 
Has been awake for 18 hours . Gooooooodnight . 
Driving to Tally today ... hopefully I can stay awake ! SO TIRED O.o 
Finally in Tallanasty ! I'm thinking Olive Garden then watch some Scrubs in bed ! 
Seeing Unkown with Brandon :) 
Happy 21st Birthday to my amazing wonderful beautiful big sister Heather Morgan ! Happy Valentines Day <3 I love you Brandon Gilmore ! 
" Ask me if I'm a crab . " " No . " " Ask me if I'm a crab . " " NO ! " " Ask me if I'm a crab ! " " ARE YOU A FREAKING CRAB ?! " " Wtf ? Why would I be a crab ? " 
VILLAGE INN ! =D 
Of course my favourite soda is one of the worst according to WeightWatchers ... LAME ! 
Brandon and I have decided that one day we are going to get a Husky and a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel ! :D 
Is so tired that I can't stop laughing ! 
2 weeks until I see Brandon again ='(( 
Getting my foot x rayed tomorrow . 
Is so sad about all these police shootings :( 
Got my x-rays done and dislocated the joints in my foot so now I have crutches for a while . 
Can't believe a 16 year old boy was the one who killed the police officer :( 
Studying seems to be distracting me from Scrubs ! :p 
Thinks its lame that I can't go to Cape Canaveral tomorrow to see the shuttle launch because I have a freaking test . Psh . 
Is in Cape Canaveral ready to watch the Discovery launch for the last time ever ! 
Saw the Discovery launch for the last time ever :) 
Is hoping Brandon's surgery goes really well tomorrow morning ! I love you baby ! :) 
Has a horrible headache :( Brandon's in surgery again . 
Is in a good mood because Brandon's surgery went really well ! Only one more week until he's here for Spring Break ! =D 
Wants to go to England ! I miss my family ! 
has an amazing boyfriend <3 
Loves that I can't remember the names of more than half the people I graduated with :) 
THE KING'S SPEECH !!! AHAHA !!! YAY !!! 
Wishes my kitten would stop bringing lizards in the house . 
Really missing England ! 
My middle name ?, My age ?, My favorite drink ?, My full birthday ?, My boyfriend ?, My best friend ( There's two) ?, My favorite color ?, My eye color ? , My hair color ? My favorite food ? My moms name ? Put this as your status and see who knows you best ! 
Studying Government in Calculus . Why you ask ? Oh because we're having ANOTHER lesson on how to use a calculator . 
Just spent a 2 hour Government class with a speaker teaching us what MLA format is and how to find a book in a library . Fantastic . The intelligence level is OBVIOUSLY rising ... 
Wants to go to England so badly ! <3 I miss my family ! 
Yay allergy season ! 
GOT A FREAKING 100% ON MY GOVERNMENT TEST ! ONLY A IN THE CLASS ! :D 
My allergies are driving me nuts ! 
Pretty pretty please , if you ever ever feel like you're nothing , you are perfect to me :) 
Is sad that I am allergic to Pineapples :( 
Just got to 50,000 miles in my car :) 
Brandon gets here today ! ='D One whole week with the best guy in the universe ! <3 
Bought some new piano music ! =D 
IS SO FLIPPIN HAPPY THAT BRANDON IS HERE FOR A WEEK ! =D 
Finally getting my eyebrows done ! They look like ferrets ! :D 
Loves having Brandon and my grandparents here =D 
Got to hang out with penguins today at the Aquarium :) 
Saw the Discovery land for the last time ever ! :) It was so cool ! 
Saw the Discovery land today and held a baby alligator AND made friends with a pot belly pig ! :) Amazing day ! 
Has the most wonderful best friend/boyfriend in the universe <3 You should all be jealous ! =) 
Minions <3 
Got to spend an amazing Spring Break with Brandon but now he's leaving again ='( Another 2 weeks apart . 
I guess in a way its a good thing that the only time Brandon makes me cry is when he leaves <3 
Misses Brandon <3 
Sleep , Where have you gone ? I miss you ! 
Does NOT want to go back to classes tomorrow ! 
5 hours of sleep or less every night just isn't going to work . 
Pretty sure I'm suffering from sleep deprivation ... I have 6 pages of notes and don't remember writing them O.o 
Loves discussing politics in a Political Science class :) Bring it on all you crazy anti gay , anti goverment , anti change people ! Mwahaha ! 
Can't wait for my foot to get better so I can go ballroom dancing !!! 
Tell me is it only me Do you feel the same ? You know me well enough to know that I'm not playing games I promise I won't turn around and I won't let you down You can trust I've never felt it like I feel it now Baby there's nothing There's nothing we can't get through <3 
Is protesting the colour green because it's ugly and if anyone pinches me I will punch them in the arm :) 
Should be working for the Government :) 
Will be partying hard for St Patrick's Day ... and by partying I mean spending the evening at home with my animals doing laundry and playing on my Wii :) 
Looney Tunes and Tom & Jerry <3 
Les Miserables is the most incredible show of all time :) 
SO EXCITED THAT BRANDON'S BACK IS ALMOST BETTER !!!! =D 
Today is my first day without a post op shoe ! :D 
Shopping with Mummy :) I love Mummy/Daughter days ! 
Mark's mom cooked the most incredible Italian meal ever ! Great evening ! :) 
Had hic ups 5 times today . Not cool . 
My kitten is 1 today ! =) 
My kitten is 1 year old today ! :) 
Is trying to work my way through about 20 boxes in storage ! I don't even want any of it anymore ! 
It's so frustrating when people who don't deserve to get everything they want get what they want ... 
Has the most incredible boyfriend =') He makes me feel better and happy every time we talk ! I love you Brandon ! <3 
Blah mornings . 
Ahhhh !!! Business Applications suck !!! 
There's a lizard in my bathroom !!!! 
Will probably get absolutely no sleep until I find that lizard ! Lizards don't just disappear ! 
Desperately needs to get my hair cut and eyebrows done ! I can't see through my scruffy bangs ! 
Took a mini nap ! Getting my car washed and serviced ready for a long drive to Tallahassee this weekend ! :) 
Found the lizard in my shower ! I saved him and took him home to the bushes ! :D 
Pedicure with Mummy :) 
There's a LegoLand being built in Winter Haven ! ='D 
After I ace my test tomorrow I get to spend the whole evening ballroom dancing with my Mummy ! Then I get to see my AMAZING boyfriend on Friday ! =D 
Ballroom Dancing for the evening ! =))) 
Can't stop smiling ! Ballroom Dancing is my most favourite thing to do ! And apparently I'm a natural !!! Thanks Mummy for my dancing genes !!! =D 
Driving to Tallahassee to see Brandon ! :) 
I hate Tallahassee and the incompetent drivers ! But I love Brandon =D 
Hates Friday nights . 
After last nights awful events Brandon and I are now checked into a pretty cool hotel and plan to do nothing but sleeeeeeep ! Yay ! :) 
Seeing Rango with Brandon ! =D 
Rango is an amazing movie !!! :) 
The Fighter is one of the best movies I've ever seen !! :) 
Is watching the 25th Anniversary edition of Les Miserables in concert while decorating Brandon's room with birthday decorations ! :) 
There's 4 police cars and a K9 Unit outside the hotel with a dog searching for someone . Awesome . 
Leaving Brandon again =(( Next time I see him he'll be 21 ! I love you Brandon !!! 
Can't wait to go ballroom dancing tomorrow evening ! :) I love you Brandon and miss you like crazy ! <3 
I think my whole Calculus class started crying during that test :/ 
Is so ready for ballroom dancing ! :) 
Is getting rid of half my closet ! It's making me crazy ! =P Nobody needs this many clothes ! 
Needs to become a bartender ! =D 
Wishes I could be with Brandon so I could take care of him and make him all better ! 
Tornado Warnings ? Time to get out of Florida . Stupid weather ! 
Will not be going to my second class because my teacher is smart ! =D Tornado = Don't Drive ! Good Job ! 
Sitting with the puppy and kitty in the laundry room ! 
Brandon is the best ! I can't wait for next weekend's 21st Birthday celebrations ! =D I love you baby ! <3 
This episode of Grey's Anatomy is the saddest most intense show of any series I've ever seen ! :( 
Brandon is 21 in 4 days ! :) 
It's a beautiful day ! :) 
Got my first pair of real ballroom dancing shoes today ! Thanks Mummy ! :) 
I might just have to go back to the awful Pensacola this summer just so I can see Kyla Fletcher ! I wish you didn't live in that awful place ! 
Is jealous that Brandon is going to Hard Rock Cafe with his family for his birthday ! :p 
Ruthie Henshall and Samantha Barks are incredible singers ! 
Happy English Mother's Day ! I have the bestest Mummy on the whole planet ! =D 
Happy 21st Birthday Brandon Gilmore ! You are the best boyfriend and friend I've ever had ! I love you so much ! <3 
Going to Jacksonville with Brandon for the weekend to celebrate his 21st birthday at Dave & Busters ! :) 
Had the most amazing weekend with Brandon ! I always hate leaving him =( I love you baby ! 
Finally getting my hair cut after 3 months ! 
Children's Home Fashion Show tomorrow then the Magic Dance Club Showcase on Saturday :) Great weekend ahead ! 
Every time I see your face My heart takes off on a high speed chase Don't be scared It's only love Baby that we're falling in <3 
My Mummy is an incredible dancer ! :) 
So , Brandon and I have been together for 1 year and 3 months and we've only ever got into ONE fight ... Who loves the other more ... Gross ! 
Black Swan is actually a terrible movie ... 
Ballroom Dancing with my Mummy is the best ! :) 
Will be waking up at 4am tomorrow morning to watch The Royal Wedding of Will & Kate ! :) 
Watching the Royal Wedding ! Congratulations Will & Kate ! :) 
Has the best Mummy in the Universe ! =) " I like not doing anything on the weekend and hanging out with my homie " 
Osama Bin Laden is dead !!! Congratulations to the CIA !!! ='D 
So proud that the CIA , President Bush , and President Obama were able to work together to make this day happen ! =D 
Is a Kung Fu master ... on my wii fit :D 
So happy Brandon is here for a week ! Last 2 finals tomorrow then free for some fun ! :) 
Not excited to be getting a blood test in the morning :( 
Did NOT faint during my blood test =D 
Whether life's disabilities left you outcast , bullied , or teased Rejoice and love yourself today ' Cause baby you were born this way No matter gay , straight , or bi , lesbian , transgendered life I'm on the right track baby I was born to survive No matter black , white , or beige , chola , or orient made I'm on the right track baby I was born to be brave <3 
Completely obsessed with Thor ! Incredible movie ! :) 
Channelside is one of my favourite places <3 
Happy Mother's Day Carole Clephane Tonnison <3 You're the best Mummy in the Universe =) I love you so much ! 
St. Petersburg is full of oldies and tourists who drive 15 under the limit and Tampa is full of kids and angry workaholics who drive 15 over the limit ... Idiots . 
Is actually excited about starting classes again ?! =D 
Raw meat is so NOT my thing . Eww . 
Blueberry Muffins <3 
Ever since I deleted Twitter and cut the awful people out of my life , I have been the absolute happiest I have ever been ! I'm finally myself again ! <3 I LOVE LIFE SO MUCH ! XD AND I have an absolutely incredible goofy fun boyfriend who makes EVERYTHING even better ! 
