Dad's home ! 
started playing Halo Wars . 
is going to the midnight release of Transformers on Tuesday night . 
Batman : Arkham Asylum ? More like Arkham AWESOME ! 
is back from San Diego , back to gaming ... oh , and work . 
San Diego for a week 
District 9 at midnight 
Wipeout is ball-tastic ! 
gave blood today . That's one gallon donated so far . 
Ahh ! Games are coming out faster than I can play them . Shadow Complex - a month ago ; Marvel Ultimate Alliance - a week ago ; and Halo 3 : ODST - today ; 
GTA IV : TBOGT DLC FTW ! 
That's why I love House . 
I'm a PC and I love the Mac commercials . 
Good , the Stupak-Pitts Amendment passed . 
One month exactly until Modern Warfare 2 launches : 11.10.09 
The Prisoner on AMC . Good show . 
Facebook is coming to Xbox Live probably within a month . 
Knights of Columbus Christmas dinner tonight . 
I was watching the National Geographic Channel , about " The Real Jesus , " and they had a proffesor from Oregon State University on there , Professor of Religion Marcus J . Borg ... 
I'm reading a book . The Truth About Chuck Norris . 
New favorite cereal : Chocolate Chex 
Good luck Conan , I hope it works out . 
House tonight ! 
Batman : Arkham Asylum 8/25/09 Set to be the best comic book game yet . Of course , that's not saying much , but so far , it's scoring 9 out of 10s . 
downloaded the title update for Dragon Age and now they're saying the update is bad ! 
Giving blood today . 
is playing Battlefield 1943 , and waiting for the original Perfect Dark to hit the Xbox Live Arcade . 
TGIM ! 
Mass Effect 2 is out today ! 
24 weekend 
can't wait to see the Superbowl ... commercials . 
Jack is resourceful . 
finished Dragon Age : Origins . 1,125 Gamerscore , 170 hours , 6 origin stories , 3 playthroughs , and one hundred percent . Now I have to wait for the expansion , Awakening . 
Perfect Dark on XBLA will include original GoldenEye maps and weapons ! 
" The ol ' Rubber-Chicken-with-a-Pulley-in-the-Middle store ... ' Serving your rubber-chicken-with-a-pulley-in-the-middle needs for over fifty years . '" 
Yesterday felt like Friday , and today felt like Friday , so I'm wondering what tomorrow will feel like . 
Conan the librarian . 
Reagan on the 50 ! 
Hurt Locker ! 
Started playing Dead Space 2 . Awesome . 
Games looking forward to : 

1 . Mass Effect 3 
2 . Dragon Age II 
3 . Portal 2 
4 . Batman : Arkham City 
5 . Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim 
6 . Silent Hill : Downpour 
7 . Beyond Good and Evil 
8 . Deus Ex : Human Revolution 
Just beat Dead Space 2 . Great game . Now over 80k . 
Quoting the Planned Parenthood founder , Margaret Sanger , 
" The most merciful thing that a family does to one of its infant members is to kill it . " 
Paraphrasing a wise man , 
" A tree with bad roots does not bear good fruit . " 
Beat Dead Space 2 again . Now I have to beat it on Hard Core for the last Achievement . 3 saves , no checkpoints , no New Game+ ... yeah , it's gonna be hard . 
Star Wars : The Force Unleashed II is next . Also looking forward to playing Beyond Good & Evil on Xbox Live Arcade(never got a chance to play it on GameCube ) , and Dragon Age II isn't too far away . 
81,000 G 
" Good thing I brought my axe-cane . " -House 
82k . 
Watching Spring Wipeout ! 
Started playing Beyond Good & Evil . 
Beat Beyond Good & Evil . 
There is no reason not to give thanks . 
83,000 Gamerscore . 
Beck was particularly hilarious today . 
Beck was not particularly hilarious yesterday , especially since he announced he's leaving his show ! 
Watching The Confession . 
Finished Dragon Age II . Wasn't as bad as I thought it might have been . About 107 hours in 2 playthroughs . And I'm playing it a third time while I wait for Portal 2 . 
Started playing Portal 2 . It is awesome . 
A nice even 84,000 . 
Beat Portal 2 . Exceeded expectations . 
85,000 G 
Finished Saboteur , great game . Now playing Need for Speed : Shift . At 86,000 Gamerscore EXACTLY . 
Another game , another 1000 . Finished Need for Speed : SHIFT . Looking forward to playing L.A. Noire next . 
Totally 80's Weekend on K103 . Love it . 
Finished L.A. Noire and Cloning Clyde . 
Playing Comic Jumper . Hilarious . 
Finished Comic Jumper . Even if the gameplay was meh , it was worth it just for the dialogue . Now playing Wolfenstein 3D . 
Beck's Final Exam was fun . 
Completed Wolfenstein 3D . Should be called Wolfenstein 2D . Graphics are 2D , movement is 2D , aiming is 2D ... Dante's Inferno is next . 
Finally watched The Island last night . Good movie . 
Summer just started . 
4,000 Achievements . 
1000'd Dante's Inferno . 
Transformers was okay ... 
Glenn Beck , great final show . Great show period . Thank you for telling the truth , and sharing wisdom . 
Finally got the last Achievement in Halo 3 ! Completed . 
Passed 90,000 G . 
I hear they're showing the new Harry Potter movie after the premier of The Dark Knight Rises teaser tomorrow . Should be good ... the teaser , I mean . 
Sleepy Man Banjo Boys are talented . 
1000'd F.E.A.R. First Achievement for F.E.A.R. : 6/15/2007 . Final Achievement : 7/20/11 . Yeah , took me long enough . 
Playing Operation Flashpoint : Red River . Just got the 2 hardest Achievements . Need 2 more to complete . 
It's Middle Child's Day ! 
I was playing Operation Flashpoint yesterday , and when I joined the room , they were speaking French . It was Last Stand , where you have to survive as long as possible . I was going for Gold , they retreated at Bronze . Figures ... 
Finished From Dust . Not as fun as I thought it'd be , but still an okay game . 
Started Dead Rising 2 : Case West today . Almost finished it , just need to beat the last boss with a friend ... 
Finished Case West thanks to Grant Guidarelli . Bastion is next , before Deus Ex : Human Revolution . 
Game On exhibit at OMSI , lunch outside on the waterfront , downloading 80's music , sleeping , playing Deus Ex ... pretty good day . 
93,000 . Still sneaking up on my brother . Playing Deus Ex and old school Mortal Kombat . 
Started season one Dexter last night . Just finished it . One down , four to go . 
Finished Deus Ex and Mortal Kombat . Resident Evil 4 is next . 
Tonight's the night , and it's going to happen again and again ... has to happen , until I finish season 5 . 
Discovery Channel . Stephen Hawking talking about time travel . Fascinating . 
X-Men : Destiny announced ! Very excited about that , and X-Men Arcade is coming to XBLA . Can't wait . 
Iron Man 2 at midnight tonight . 
Finally got around to playing ODST , but haven't finished Dragon Age yet . 66,000 gamerscore . 
Chocolate Cheerios are good . 
The silent count ... 
Sims 3 is coming to 360 . May have to play it . 
I think this is the part where Obama says , " April Fools ! " 
Excited to see Inception tonight ! 
79,000 Gamerscore . 
After playing Red Dead Redemption , western movies seem more appealing ... and 3:10 to Yuma is a great movie by the way . 
24 topped last week ... and that's saying something . 
" Good morning ... but I digress . " 
... and I just found out they're making Read Dead Redemption into a movie . Should be good . 
Done with Borderlands . Loved Perfect Dark the second time as much as the first . Started Assassin's Creed II . Looking Forward to BioShock 2 . Can't wait to play Conviction . 
' 80s music , comedy , and time travel . Individually these are great , together , you get Hot Tub Time Machine ! 
1000'd Assassin's Creed II . BioShock 2 next . 
On a shirt : I went outside once ... the graphics were alright , but the gameplay sucked . 
3,000 Achievements unlocked ! 
" America The Story of Us " on History . 
Working on BioShock 2 . Reached 65k G . Won't 1000 it , but I'll get close . 
St. Anthony School Auction tonight . 
The heat is hot . 
It's good to be playing Dragon Age again . 
Season finale of Smallville was pretty good . 
2-hour series finale for 24 tonight ! 
71,000 G 
I got the Deja Vu Achievement in Halo 3 ODST , finally completing it . 1000/1000 . Halo Milestone 49 . 
A-Team tonight ! 
House starts tonight ! 
Looking forward to see what happens at E3 . 
Playing LEGO Batman . Reached 67,000 G . 
Finished the Dragon Age expansion Awakening , and the DLC Darkspawn Chronicles . 
Hit 76K last night . Only a few more Achievements left for Fable III , then it's Fallout . 
My New Vegas broke , not sure what I'm gonna do . 
Finished Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light . Good combat , good controls , good platforming , good Achievements ... great game . 
It looked like it was going to stop spinning ... 
74,000 G and counting . 
Playing Red Dead Redemption . 69,000 G . 
The Book of Eli ... best movie I've seen in a while . 
Finn : Dog , what is it called , that which covers a tree ? Dog : * Bark * - From Dragon Age : Origins . First 1750 . 
Scott Pilgrim vs . the World ... pretty good movie . 
Watched Glenn Beck . He did a nice comparison of his Restoring Honor rally and the communist rally this past Saturday . 
75,000 G . May play Fable III or Fallout next . 
Chillin ' out , maxin ' , relaxin ' ... 
Beck is wise . 
VGA's gave Game of the Year to Red Dead Redemption . Well deserved . 
God bless Beck ! 
Spartans never die . They're just missing in action ... 
Playing Halo : Reach . Total Halo Gamerscore : 4,080 . Halo Milestone : 51 . 
Voted . 
Cuddy's kid is hilarious ! 
Conan is back ! 
I like baby monkey . 
Watching this guy on Jeopardy . Name's Watson . Knows a lot , but not too bright . But maybe that's because he's blind and deaf . 
" Good deeds make you stronger . " 
Fallout : New Vegas playthrough 1 - 100 hours and counting . 
Fable III , then Fallout . 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a CARTOON from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) . There should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . 
1000'd Red Dead ... the original 1000 . Still have to play the Undead Nightmare . 
Relieved to hear there's a patch for New Vegas coming within a week . 
They finally added a section for games ! 
Finally 1000'd Fable III . And thanks to the New Vegas patch , I'll be ending my hiatus from Fallout . 
iTunes previews are now 90 seconds ? 
" The Day the Earth Stood Still " ( 1951 ) Funniest part of the movie - Two doctors are talking , and are baffled as to how anyone can live to 130 years old , as they light their cigarettes . Good movie by the way . 
Read on a sign : TSA Touch Somebody Anywhere . 
Went back to play Red Dead Redemption again . Redeemed . Now over 78K G . 
Reached 77,000 Gamerscore . 
Some excellent wipeouts on ... Wipeout . 
A local woman beat the Biebs . 
Gave blood . Squirted . 
Finished Fallout . Probably close to 130 hours total . The " Yes Man " ending was the best out of the 4 . Speaking of Bethesda , can't wait for Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim . 
There's a football game on today . 
House was GOOD last night . 
