loves the sun !!! 
found a new love in her life !! CARMEL BUGLES !!!! Thanks Mary Ann !! Lol ! 
is sooo happy the weekend is almost here !!! I'm excited for pizza night !! 
YAY !!! The sun is out !!! :-) 
Happy Fathers Day to all the Daddys out there !!! That includes you Kelli !! :-) 
is soooo excited !!! 
ALERT !!!! * DO NOT REQUEST TO ADD : ' STEFANIA COLAC ' AND ' ALEJANDRO SPITZNER ' . THESE ARE HACKERS . SO TELL ALL ON YOUR WALL . IF SOMEONE ADDS THEM THEY EARN YOUR CONTACTS , EMPTY COMPUTER AND ADDRESSES . SO COPY AND PASTE THIS TEXT ON YOUR WALL * FACEBOOK VIRU 
needs coffee !!! 
-For Mafia Wars- Does anyone have an extra diamond ring they could send me ? I will send a gift back !! Thank you !!! 
FAN CHECK IS NOT A VIRUS !!! THIS WAS ON SNOPES . COM FACT 1 : The Fan Check application is NOT a virus . It does , however , mess up your ' Wall ' and other parts of Facebook - not by destroying information , but because it doesn't work properly your wall and other parts of Facebook wont display correctly . It doesn't do any damage itself . 
Yay !! Our LEB Open golf tournament is today !!! 
URGENT !! Apparantly the FAN CHECK Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application ASAP . Copy and paste this 
burrrrrrrr ! It's cold !! Keep the coffee coming ! 
wants to say thanks for all my birthday wishes !! =) 
the all wise , great , and powerful Shellie just told me that I'm easily side-tracked .... hum ... Lol ! 
" You don't have to be rich to be my girl . You don't have to be cool to rule my world . Ain't no particular sign I'm more compatible with . I just want your extra time , and your kiss . " I love Prince !! 
got the turkey in the oven !! I can't wait to eat !! Yay ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! 
Some of my friends have been hacked recently . So just to be safe if there are any postings , or inbox messages from me with links attached don't open them , because I don't post those type of things , and it's not me . 
Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ..... NYPD Pizza , and beer ! 
I hurt so good ! 
had a wonderful day baking with my little sister ! Thanks Aunt Sherry for saving us from cookie maddness ! Everyone have a Merry Christmas ! :-) 
Ah ! Check one off of the wedding planning list !! On to the next thing down ! 
is off to the gym ! 
Black 
had a GREAT time last night !! The birthday bash was awesome ! 
Good morning Monday !! Oh coffee pot why did you have to break !?! 
Good morning everyone !! I hope you all have a wonderful Friday ! 
whats for dinner ? 
Dear Jalapenos , 
I LOVE YOU ! You were the BEST part of my nachos ! Thank you so much for your spicy goodness ! 
Love , 
Me 
Think of someone you know or love who has MS . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends . 
In honor of MS awareness week , March 7th-13th , 2011 , I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) . I Pray that in 2011 a cure will be found . Post it just for one hour . Do it in the memory and the honor of those fighting MS . 
Alison Hatfield Jorgensen and Rachel Hatfield Allen you are the BEST sister in laws EVER !! I love you guys ! You crack me up ! ~ HUGS ~ 
The Girl you just called fat , she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid , he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly , she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped , he is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you are against bullying . 
needs a nap !! 
Is wishing I were still asleep !! Grrrr !!! 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones who will !! Think of the ones you know or love who have or had cancer . My wish is that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting . I hope to see this in all the statuses of my friends . Just for an hour . Thanks 
is switching back and forth between the Yankees/Red Sox game and the Masters !! Today is going to be a great day !! :) 
" I'm too sexy for your party 
Too sexy for your party 
No way I'm disco dancing " 
People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face . Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face . 
All my FB friends , in honor of Mother's Day I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB !!! 
loves Sunday mornings ! 
Mom is coming in from ' sconsin today ! 
P-p-p-poker face , p-p-poker face ( Mum mum mum mah ) P-p-p-poker face , p-p-poker face ( Mum mum mum mah ) Can't read my , Can't read my No he can't read my poker face 
noooooo !! The boot is back !! I'm sad ! :( 
is enjoying the birthday http://apps.facebook.com/bdayecards/viewcard/22395733?src=s 
Just bought a ton of ornaments , and none of them came with hooks ! WTF !?! So I decided to tie them on the tree with Christmas gift ribbon . A huge task ! Luckly I have the cutest hubby who's willing to help ! 
FACEBOOK is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called " Instant Personalization " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to " Allow . " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck " Allow " . Please copy & repost 
Ummmmmm ........ Samon , and coffee !! The breakfast of champions ! 
Dear Mr Dunford- Thank you for baking the most awesome doughnuts in the world ! It mixes well with my coffee ! 
loves , loves , loves cinnamon bears !! =) 
doesn't have a good poker-face ! 
Thought of you today with love , but that is nothing new ... I thought of you yesterday and the days before that too . I think of you in silence and often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I`ll never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart .. repost if you have a loved one in heaven . 
does anyone know where I can find cute flower girl/junior bridesmaid dresses that don't look like something a 16 year old would wear to the prom ? 
Seriously- Does anyone want to trade me their left foot for mine ? 
~ yawn ~ is it Friday yet !?! 
Had an awesome night last night ! Thanks everyone for coming ! =) I can't wait to see pics ! Lol ! 
Up up down down left right left right B A start 
is totally pretending that my broccoli , cauliflower , and carrots is really a big juicy smash burger with mushrooms , and fries ! 
forgot my cell phone/coffee cup this morning , and snowing , but hey on the plus side at least I remembered my gym bag ! 
87 more days !! The count down is on !!! Lol ! 
Loves lifetime movies ! 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with LIBERTY and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many AMERICANS will re-post this & not care about offending someone 
finally got the whole house cleaned ! 
Congrats Kody Moody , and Wendy Havlik ! I can't wait for my little niece to come in April ! 
Does anyone know of a good bar that does karaoke on the weekend ? 
WOW !! It has been such a fun weekend ! I enjoyed every second of it ! There is nothing better than being around those I love ! Thank you everyone ! =) 
Just decided that I need to make some hootenanny for breakfast next weekend ! I was just thinking about having it for breakfast with my extended family when I was little . I miss you guys ! 
Wealth is never measured by what you have , but by what you can give away . You are rich with money when you can afford to donate . You are rich with love when you can give love freely . You are rich with God when you can behold your enemy with compassion . 
Happy Mothers day to all of you beautiful moms ! 
Congratulations to my little brother Benny Moody for graduating from the Airforce today !! =) 
some people say the glass is half full , while others say it is half empty . I say I need more coffee . 
Urg !! Christmas music is already being played on the radio !! Are ya kidding me !?! 
= PLANT KILLER ! 
Another plant bites the dust ! That makes 4 plants that I've successfully managed to kill this year ! I so do not have a green thumb ! 
" Bang bang bang on the door baby ! 

Knock a little louder baby ! 
Bang bang bang on the door baby ! 
I can't hear you ! " 
Well it's official the name is changed on facebook ! LOL ! 
is rocking out to some creedence clear water revival ! Yeah that's right ! 
WOW !! I feel sooo old ! I hate being called " Mam " 
" They say I'm crazy but I have a good time 
I'm just looking for clues at the scene of the crime 
Life's been good to me so far " 
has the best family , and friends in the world ! I'm truely blessed to have you all in my life ! =) 
Dear coffee , 
Thank you for making my mornings super great ! I couldn't do it without you ! 
Love me ! 
wishes I could be outside playing in the rain ! =) 
good morning monday ! went to leave for work and my car wouldn't start . hopefully today will get better . =) 
is so excited !! I feel so lucky , and blessed to be able to marry my best friend tomorrow ! =) I also want to thank all our family , and friends for your love , help , and support . We love you guys ! 
One more month ! =) 
Day 3 , and still going strong !! =) 
had an awesome night ! Good food and even better company ! Thank you Christy ! Tonight was just what I needed ! 
Day one ! I can do this ! 
Well I've made it through day one of not smoking ! Bring on day two ! Night all ! 
This 
is I LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , 
wiped yourtears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , 
cheered you on , and kept you strong . Sisters are a promise that we will 
have a friend forever ! Re-post if you have an amazing sister !!!! 
I like it on the chair , counter , but it usually ends up on the banister , or the floor . 
Is a popcicle ! 
Cousins 
are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as 
forever friends ... no one will ever understand your crazy family like 
your cousins ! Repost if you have cousins that make you smile and that 
you LOVE with all your heart . ? 
Go Twins !! Beat the shit out of those Yankees !! 
wants to know when did jolly rancher decide to remove tropical punch from the " original flavors " and add blue raspberry ? 
The count down is on !! 12 more days until Thanksgiving , and Becky's yummy sweet potatoes !! I can't wait !! 
" We can dance if we want to . 
We can leave your friends behind . 
Cause ' your friend don't dance , 
and if they don't dance , well they're 
no friends of mine . " 
So let me get this straight - Larry King is getting his 8th divorce , ElizabethTaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Britney Spears had a 55 hour marriage . Jesse James and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ?? Repost to your page if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL 
There is no limit to love's forbearance , to its trust , its hope , its power to endure . 
Thank you everyone for all my birthday wishes !! I had an awesome day ! 
Merry Christmas everyone ! Enjoy your loved ones ! 
Dear Jims Restaurant , 
Thank you for making me an awesome mushroom , and avocado omelette , hash browns , and scone ! Also thank you for allowing me to do take out so I could come back to work and eat my feast ! You guys are awesome ! 
Love , 
really , really wants a grape soda ! 
So what happens when the American people are taken " hostage " ? You shoot the hostage . Yep that sounds about right . 
Beer 
wants to go on a DANDY ! Who's coming with me !?! 
