Surprise !! I never thought that you have .. .. .. ^__^ " . . . I shouldn't have .. .. .. ~_~" . . . this is embarrassing . X__X " 
" What's that darlin ' , how am I doin ? 
I'm doin ' alright except I can't sleep , I cry all night ' till dawn " 
It is an irony to see you being parsimonious to yourself and watching other being lavish of what is yours . .. Sacrifice .. It must have been love . 
I suppose I will have a lot less trouble if I keep what's on my mind stays in my mind . I'll start writing what I'm doing instead . 
You said someone disappointing you ? Well , tough ..!!.. it's your fault ! Why must you have expectations ? That's your mistake since the first step . The only expectation that won't hurt is when you are expecting the unexpected . 
Dear God , this year's wish is might be the only wish I have in my entire life that make sense to glorify Thy name . Please grant me this one wish for X'mas . But even I think so , I might be wrong . Thy will be done . (-.-) 
Wat Rong Khun , Chiang Rai .. another reason to go northern thailand .. I really should make time to go there . 
I asked him , " what is the matter with you and prostitutes ? " He answered to my question , " we men eventually have to pay for sex . At least it is a fixed price with prostitutes . " ...... 
some people do think that my sweats turns into gold .. and there's a hidden pocket in my pants to hide my treasures .. that is hilarious ( when it is true ) .. sadly , it isn't . 
" They work in the night , blinded by the dark . Don't know which is true and who is true to them , and they lie and lie to survive . and they lie to the one who love them for real . Can't tell the difference between friend or foe , or even the love one . They left alone , and they blame the world but themselves . But then , which men will be true to them ? Could I blame them after being deceived over and over ? " 
I wanna fall in love to someone with a shattered heart and broken ego ; so she would know how I feel and love me without having to toying with my heart . 
I dream of her again last night . It has been a week , as if my subconsciousness trying to tell me something . 
No one can reach the top of the mountain without some scratches . 
" I was thinkin about her , thinkin about me . Thinkin about us , what we gonna be ? Open my eyes , yeah ; it was only just a dream . So I travel back , down that road . Will she coming back ? No one knows . I realize , yeah , it was only just a dream . " 
Don't promise me a whole lifetime of love . Just love me day by day . 
" it is the thought that counts " only valid when it comes to gift and presents . 
And this is goodbye . It was one hell of a ride . There will be no tomorrow as we walking apart from each other . So many words to say , but those are worthless ... 
Nothing last forever . Besides , who needs something that last forever ? Everything just has to last long enough . 
There are RULES and LAWS and PROTOCOLS for every single thing . If you bent it , some cost a pinky , some cost a leg and an arm , the other cost your life . A firm righteous man is a man that everybody loves to hate while breathing and a man that everybody hates to love while dying . Many would die for a good man , only few willing to die for a righteous man . An ignorant is either a fool or pragmatic or less than honorable . 
2nd day of new year , it is still raining hard . 
ako pagod sa aking puso 
People can change , but only few who actually doing it . The rest , either they are young and lazy or old and stubborn .. Stereotypically , people don't change . 
" There are only 2 kinds of woman that I want to marry . The one who can get through Amazing Race with me or the one who comprehend Ephesians 5:22 -32 . " 
so lonely suddenly .. missing my home . Home sweet home , I'm pretty much alone too back in my home , but at least it is MY home . 
Being sad and alone is sucks ... being happy without someone to enjoy it with is pitiful and even sadder . 
Tiring day .. don't know why .. only went to Department of Export Promotion , Volkswagen dealer and Central Sofitel ( Lad Prao ) for MK Suki ^__^ ... 
Men expecting their woman to never change . Women expecting their man to change . 
what you don't know cannot hurt you 
What is the point of winning a fight or a debate or over an argument ; when there's no point of winning but to create uneasy feelings and awkward situation ? Just to prove that we are right ? (-_-) 
Nice song : ?? ????????? - ???????????????? ... (~_~) 
Geeezzz ... Now I'm thinking to buy a bottle of wine to celebrate my lonely New Year Celebration , cooking steak , and get my self a cake and ice cream . What else should I get ? Hmmm ... 
she does whatever whenever she see fit . her feelings are important .. expecting me to comprehend all that . I am not allowed to do whatever , coz it isn't fit for her . Funny how she care when her foot got stepped on , never give a damn when she stepped on other's foot . All become my fault . tired . whatever .. I don't care anymore . Enough is enough , if she never can see it , I guess she never will . (-_-") 
" Wives , submit yourselves unto your own husband , as unto the LORD . " 
" Hai istri , tunduklah pada suamimu seperti kepada TUHAN . " 
" ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????? " 
" ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " 
" Mga babae , pasakop kayo sa inyo-inyong sariling asawa , na gaya ng sa Panginoon . " 
25 minutes delay .. AirAsia .. 
" I look around , and nothing seems to matter anymore . And I realize that I'm changing . " 
Everything happen for a reason . Sometimes , pieces in your life have to fall apart to let the right pieces fall into place . Of course it is not a fun sight to see , but that's just how it works . Cut off the wrong things out of your life , even if that means to lose the thing you love the most ; poisoning your life , can't live with - can't live without . 
Who have tried Rang Mahal Indian restaurant @ Rembrandt - Bangkok ? How is it ? 
?????????? ... ~.~ ... 
Quarter after two a.m. .. another sleepless night ... Are you sleeping tight tonight ? I wish you all the best . 
Christmas , new year .. next : Valentine's day and Chinese new year , then b'day ... wow ... I will get the chance to celebrate those days , alone ( hopefully not homeless ) ...! Time to find a new place to stay ... Anyone have an extra bed ? 
???????????????????????????????? ... (?•__•?) hmm ... must go Thailand again ... :-p 
Sometimes , there is no other way but to forgive and forget , just because . Sometimes , some memories should be buried and we should pretend that it never happen . So we can move on . 
" She took my arm and wrap it around her , then pull myself near and snuggle . Right then , I know she love me and need me . " 
... 
Man loves being needed . 
Woman needs being loved . 
One with easy life never have interesting thing to be told . One with shallow mind never have a class to teach . One with narrow vision never have people to lead . One who never search for wisdom never have a life to share . One who can't see himself from other's point of view never have a friend who's willing to die for him . 
Most people , to some extend , they don't listen to suggestions and warnings . Either their EGO too big or deaf or stupid or crazy or all of the above : they wanna experience it by themselves . I'd say , " let them die trying or survive in glory , just don't turn to me when things goes wrong . " 
I know several people who have dreams . The only one thing they have in common is they all got laughed at , but none of them give a damn care . 
A stranger : A foreigner in a foreign country , in a strange city . I hear people talking , but I don't understand even a word . I look around , there's nothing written I could comprehend . Like being lost and the basic instinct kick into my consciousness : I don't belong . What am I doing here ? 
" I can't read the future . But I still want to hold you close . Right now , is all I want from you . So give me the morning . Sharing another day . With you , is all I want to know . " 
They keep come and go in my life . Maybe there's something wrong with me . Maybe I can't keep a relationship . Maybe I don't know how to keep my woman close . Maybe I don't know how to make them stay . Maybe I'm better off alone . 
Psychologist is deserve to charge such a high price , they listen to complaining people all day and most of it just doesn't make sense ! 
women insisting to be understood , busy changing their man ; when he does change , she start complaining why he has changed . 
Just love to feed me with empty hope and toying with my love for you . Stupid me . Shame on you . 
For the first time after few months , I woke up smiling . ^.^ 
the closer u get to someone , the less accurate u r reading their behavior , intentions , and motives . 
sometimes love just ain't enough .. it has to be shown and given in the right way .. love is always about being the right person more than looking for the right person . 
if only you can come to see me here ... 
Jealousy is a belief that you are a smaller person with lack of self respect . 
You know you really love someone when after she did the worst thing a lover could ever do , did all the bad things to you until you think that you've had enough , but you still cry when she left and wish she'll come back to you somehow . 
would u know my name , would we feel the same , if I saw u in heaven -- Cindy -- 
I'll be in Z4 against 350Z . All stock . I hope the SMG will help me cornering on Michelin Pilot Sport PS2 ( already passed proper break-in period and have 1200km ) . 
I dream of u again last night .. that u come back to me .. facing all the happiness and troubles like we did before .. I guess my heart missing u more than I know , and my brain is pretending that I can live without u . 
It doesn't matter anymore .. none of my phone calls picked up , none of my messages replied , none of my emails answered .. and that means it is time to walk away . 
another sleepless night .. 
just read a ' goodbye ' email from someone that really matter for me .. T_T .. she's giving up , and I'm giving in .. and here's how a heart breaks .. alone again .. 
Once upon a time , I said to her , " please don't let me go . " She never did . Never fight for me , not even once , as if I am an optional in her life . I guess she never want me that bad . 
need vacation .. need holiday for my roller-coaster mood and temper . Anyone want to company me ? ^___^ ... hmm ... I promise I won't bite . :-p 
Of course I'm feeling better ! Now I don't have to wait for u , no more wondering if u may or may not call , no more curiosity when u suddenly disappear for days , no more expectation for u to care more about me ... now that u r gone , I don't have to expect anything or hope for nothing . It is sad , really . But waiting to exhale is getting unbearable after so many attitude u've thrown to my face . 
I wish memories were like writings on chalkboard , and we can erase the unwanted one . 
There is time and season for everything . Before the time come , no matter what u do , whatever knowledge u have , u won't have any clue . But then , I've told u all that long ago , it'll be a matter of will u remember that when the time come , or will u be oblivious . 
I realize that this world going lunatic when a pastor suggesting divorce to a troubled married couple . 
Nothing in this life is final until you are lying down on your death bed . Watch what you are saying , coz you might regret that later . 
Divorce is should always be a decision by the couple . It should never be suggested by anyone . 
5 stages of grief : 
Denial-Anger-Bargain-Depression-Acceptance 

While grief is fresh , every attempt to divert only irritates . Wait till it be digested , then amusement will dissipate the remains . Isn't it really annoying hearing people forcing us to cheer-up when we're down ?! Even worse , sometimes they force us to stay POSITIVE !! 
When they don't treat you right , the deserves to get left . 
Sometimes all you need in life is someone to wrap their arms around u , hold u tight and assure you that everything is going to be just fine ! 
Trying to forget many things and too many things forgotten .. I'm going senile !! .. T_T .. OMG 
I must be an optimist , because a pessimist is never disappointed . ^____^ 
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities . In the expert's mind there are few . 
And " expert " -by all means- is a person who knows enough about what's really going on to be scared ; A person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field that eventually he got to the right after so many wrongs . 
I never thought that I will have a question that might can't be answered in my entire life . 
Quick Question : 
Please tell me your opinion ... 
Is it " illegal " or " frowned upon " or " immoral " for having your friend's " ex-boyfriend/girlfriend " as your boyfriend/girlfriend ? 
Why do we love those who hurt us while ignore those who cry for us ? Why do we want what we can't have ? Why the grass always greener at the other side of the fence ? Why do we have to pick the most beautiful rose just to watch it die in our vase ? 
A girl just asked me , what I like and don't in a woman . HAHA 
I like smart woman , ' click ' when talking with me . 
The added bonus could be one of the following : good set of teeth , a sincere and sweet smile , a long neck , a pair of good legs or big boobs . 
The mood killer : disobedience , arogancy , tendency to constantly prove herself , sassy . 
OH ! My stomach is my biggest weakness . It has a highway to my heart ! LOL ! 
I keep accidentally bite my lips every time I'm eating today ... someone talking about me ? or thinking of me maybe ? (?•__•?) 
... r u married ? or have kids ? or in a relationship ?... hopefully u r ' single ' and ' available ' and no kids .. ~.~ 
Coz I'd love to know u better .. 
#fingercrossed # 555+ 
Crazy queue @ immigration almost made me miss my flight ! Have to cut many people .. lucky they were kind and understanding . 
Finally , I figured out where I went wrong . Here's the good part : nothing I can do to fix it . The better part is : I have to pay for my mistakes . And the best part is : there's not enough money in the world to pay for those mistakes , I have to pay with my life . God , please forgive me for my sins . 
hmmm ... The fun part of my life is about to begin as I am entering the last part of the 5-stages of grief : ACCEPTANCE . This is gonna be one hell of a ride . Now someone please kill me . 
Being optimist means you have to be stupid enough to believe that the best is yet to come . I'd prefer being a realist : hoping for the best , ready for the worst . I could almost swear that it'll work all the time . ^__^ 
God created woman to be beautiful and foolish ; Beautiful so man would love them . Foolish so she would love men . 
geezz .. now I have to admit , I have a strange taste when it comes to girl's face .. my taste is ' pretty ' and ' unique ' ; although I think it's more like ' pretty unique ' .. ?? @_@ 
Right here and now , and how my Bangkok trip end . 2 too long weeks . 
I have nothing to prove . I know what I'm doing . Surely you misunderstand me now , and I won't expect you to understand later . And this is what I know , you never need to complain while you're with me coz I've been trying so hard to see the world through your eyes , and I've made you happy . 
Life is OVERRATED .. 
Remember too much will prevent you from smiling . Remember too little will make you dumber than Bambi . Remember the right amount will make you human . But when you don't know the right amount , being ignorant will do you fine . I think Bambi is happy . 
Why do we hold on to our past and refuse to let go of the emotional baggage ? Does it do us any good except prevent us from laughing wholeheartedly ? 
I know .. I know .. ~_~ 
" Nobody will love someone with a past . " 
But it is not that I like hanging on to the past . I'm just still looking for something to hang on in the future . ^__^ 
I want something serious and don't have time for love game and tricks . If you are interested , let's try and see how it goes . If you aren't , let me move on and don't waste my time . 
I know you've hurt and lonely . Try to be strong to keep on smiling , wishing if you keep doing that , all bad feelings would go away . Do whatever you want just to cheer up yourself and hoping that somehow it would ease the pain . 
I know that you are tired and all you want is someone you can trust to hold you tight and tell you that everything gonna be alright . 
The love you gave was betrayed . It left marks and bruises and scars . Little you know , those scars are beautiful in my eyes . Learn to trust me , it might not be easy . Let me love you , you know I won't hurt you . I've hurt too . But now I want to take a chance again and learn to trust you . Somehow , I want to believe that you won't hurt me coz you have hurt too . 
Oh , what a tangle that we leave , when we first learn to deceive . Why ruin a good thing by lying and cheating . Where can I find trust and honesty , when I can't find it among my own people . 
I don't love you because you are beautiful . You are beautiful because I love you . 
One day , you will know , despite of my weaknesses , I have done so much and have taught you a lot of things . One day you will realize . Someday , or never . When you do realize , come back to me . I'll be here . You are like a daughter to me . You may not love me , but I will always love you as a part of me . 
" I've been through a lot this year . Like everything I love is slipping away . And every time I come home , some of me isn't there . I've got to get it together . I've got to do things for myself . I've given everything plus you take some from me . Let's go back . Let's go back to a time where I still felt I had a family . " 
O.M.G. !!! Small rat inside my house !!! Already chase it two times today and when I thought it already gone outside , it showing up again .. ( O__o " ) Maybe I should start to consider it as a pet !! 
Great woman is a bad leader and good supporter . 
Little woman is a good leader and lousy supporter . 
( And the LORD GOD said , It is not good that a man should be alone ; I will make him an help meet for him ) 
Thus : behind every great man , there's a great woman . Behind every bad man , there's an evil woman . 
Ok .. I'm losing weight and muscle mass . And everybody's question was either , " have u been sick ? " or " are u married ? " ... HAHAHA !! 
???????????????????????????? .. ????????????????? 
Christ-mas is near ... Dear God , thanks for this moment of year . --" So foolish was I , and ignorant : I was as a beast before thee . Nevertheless I am continually with thee : thou hast holden me by my right hand . " Psalm 73:22 -23 -- 
Sometimes , the best conversation is spoken in silent . Just being next to each other , sitting side by side , a touch on the skin , a nudge or two , a look in the eyes , a smile and a tease , then a hug before head home . A small kiss on the cheek wouldn't hurt anyone . Without a single word and let's call it a day and a night . It could be a ' dear diary ' moment . 
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
When everything falling apart .. it would make a big a deal to have someone that we can take for granted to be on our side no matter what . A girlfriend , or a wife . But these days , I might wouldn't want to count on it . In my case , they are the first who run and never look back . 
geez ... it's been raining almost every day and very hard for the last couple of weeks .. now I'm sick . ( T_T ) 38.5 celcius fever , running nose , cough , joint pain , throat inflammation , migraine ... hmm .. I guess that's all . 
Behind every great man , there's a great woman . Behind every awful man , there's an awful woman . Behind every falling man , there's at least one evil woman . Woman is the foundation and man is the skyscraper . 
having lunch ( I guess ) at talard nam ( floating market ) @ Taling Chan 
It is NORMAL for a girl to think about the future with her boyfriend . But when a boy think about the future with his girlfriend , he is DEAD SERIOUS . 
" ??????????????????????????????..???????????????..??????????????????????????????????????????????????? " ~ ~ quoted from someone . 
It is happiness , they who are too busy to think of their problems in the days , and too tired to be worry in the nights . 
So happy today ... ^___^ ... up until now , I can say that most of things that happening now isn't what I was expected . These are not what I prefer and some are unacceptable . But I've found my answers on the " WHY " questions and find certainty . Bad things happens all the time . We take care of it and work to overcome it . 
some of my friends knew that I was conducting couple of tiny experiments lately .. ^^ Here's what I've learned : Don't chase love , it's pathetic ; just be open to it . Don't bother to think about who has gone , but prepare a new place for who will come . And never look back . Don't think that the new one will care of your love story other than for educational purposes that you don't have skeleton under your bed . 
Sometimes we value something that essentially worthless . 
DEADLY TERMS USED BY WOMEN : 
1 . FINE-This is the word women use to end an argument when they KNOW they are right and you need to shut up . 
2 . NOTHING-This means SOMETHING and you should be wary . 
3 . GO AHEAD-This is a dare , NOT permission . DON'T DO IT ! 
4 . WHATEVER-is a woman's way of saying F*YOU ! 
5 . THAT'S OK-She's thinking long and hard before deciding HOW and WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake ! 
Is it really easy for you to forget me ...? ... don't answer that , your action says it all 
I've been traveling halfway around the world looking for something that I can find if only I just turn around . 
If it is the same , with or without you by my side , then what good are you for me ? 
Tragedy is not when you failed to achieve your goals , but when there's no goal to be achieved . 
I asked a girl for dinner with friends . Suddenly , rumors said that I'm her boyfriend while it was actually nothing . 
Then I'm asking out another girl for dinner , it could be something , but apparently that's just me . If she cared about me , I didn't see it ! 
Next girl , a cute friend of my friend . I asked around ; not yet get to meet her , then VOILA ! They call me a player , a butterfly , a crocodile ! 
Where I went wrong ? 
It was started with a smile , then a laugh continued with love , then making love , and ended up with tears . Lots and lots of tears . Ain't life great ?! ^.^ 
Kasih itu sederhana . Sesederhana saat kita memberikan senyuman meskipun kita menderita . Sesederhana saat kita memberikan maaf meskipun kita terluka . Sesederhana saat kita diam walaupun kita marah . Sesederhana saat kita memberikan perhatian meskipun kita terabaikan . Dlm kesederhanaannya , kasih tetap yg terutama dlm sgl hal . 
A relationSHIP without trust and understanding , is like a SHIP without engine . You can stay in it all you want , but you ain't going anywhere . 
Freedom is only free if it is bound by rules . Freedom without rules is just vaguely " loose " , and loose is not good . It is disharmony , like listening two world class pianist playing two different song together in the same time . FREE , but actually it's just an illusion of a freedom . Can you comprehend this concept ?? 
everybody have past that they carry or tried to get over it .. but it won't be so heavy when you find someone to share the weight with .. someone who will still stay even after knowing all those luggage . 
I wonder , will you still saying that you love me after I lost everything ? 
does not take DAMAGED goods ! I've tried that once , and it was almost cost my life . 
When I'm being kind , they say that I want something . When I'm being nice , they say that I hitting and seduce them . When it turns out that I try to be nice and kind to everyone , they say I'm a playboy . When I'm playing it cool , they say I'm arrogant . DAMMIT !! I'll stop give a F #CK of you girls !! 
When I'm chasing you , you running away from me . When I'm alone minding my own business , you come and tease me . Nice game ! I had played that game before . But not now , not anymore . We've played this game for awhile , now , if you're serious , sit here . If not , don't blame me if I'm going looking for another woman . I won't wasting my time playing this game with girls and ended up someone calling me player . 
the key to a happy long lasting relationship is not based on how much big things you can reach , but on how much little things you can let go . 
one should spend more time thinking of their own mistakes rather than other's ... always remember own mistakes 
Suddenly crossed my mind to go back to school and take a Ph . D degree ... and do something more about my life .. 
Women never want to hear men's opinion . When they are asking to men , they just want to hear THEIR opinion in a bigger voice . 
WHO WANNA GO BALI WITH ME ? Trip start from Surabaya by car , drive by many places with nice foods , passing great views along the way through woods , hills , and beaches , beautiful lights of Paiton thermal power plant at night and take a ferry through Bali strait after stop by at one beautiful inn for a nice and cozy cottage to stay overnight . The trip will cover the whole Bali island !! ^__^ 
Let me think where is the nice places in Bali : Lovina beach ( sunrise with dolphins ) , Bedugul ( big beautiful lake in mountain and shrine - my fave cold place ) , Gitgit waterfall , Kintamani ( another lake in mountain with creepy folks tale ) , Sangeh ( old castle with monkey kingdom ) , Amlapura park/view point , Penyu ( sea turtle ) Island , Garuda Wisnu Kencana Cultural Park with huge statue .. ^__^ to be continued 
The saddest thing is not that you are lonely in a difficult moment of life , but when you are happy and not having anyone to share it with . 
On pardonne tant que l'on aime . ( Where there is love there is forgiveness ) - Rochefoucauld 
I was young and stupid and not even a second I ever forget that . Now that I have the chance looking at those boys at their early twenties and I wonder , HOW THE HELL COULD I BE SO STUPID !? Well , not as stupid as them , but still ... 
????????????????! ( T_T ) KFC delivery ???????? ... ??????????????????????????!! 
going to Tretes Raya Hotel ... 
people do many things while they're driving ... drinking , eating , texting , using phones , do make up , making out , sleeping ... and now , I'm wondering , anyone ever using their notebook/laptop while driving ? ( I'm doing it right now ) ... 
Long distance relationship ... it will only work if you ignored all the changes , all the differences , and wishing so hard that everything will be okay when finally you both get together again . More often than not , it won't . Hence , I'll say , LDR NEVER work . I've tried that . TWICE . And both successfully failed . 
I really wish many Thai movie will have English subtitle ... It is getting silly watching movies and have to guess what is going on ... ( Hmm .. like a big baby ... can't read , can't talk ) #LOL # 
Just tried 370Z Nissan ... this car's MANUAL transmission can do blipping/heel-toe by itself !! I'm in love with this Fair_lady ... 
????????????????... ?????????, ?????, wiseass .... T_T ... tired ... 
I'm bored with these so-called " success story " or " inspirational story " or whatever they call it . From 6.8 BILLION people in this world , you wanna impress me with some person's life story ? Get real ! Statistically , you are dreaming !! 
Why people keep thinking that nothing bad will happen on them if they are being righteous ? There's no direct correlation between the two . Never before and never will . ( what is " righteous " anyway ? ) 
My teacher taught me to be patient , to be kind to others , to be understanding and to be generous . But somehow until now , I can't be thankful to have that teaching ... 
I ain't gonna marry in the spring . Ain't gonna marry in the fall . Coz I'm in love with a pretty little girl , who wears a diamond ring . And I'm just a country boy . Money have I'm not . But I have silver in the stars , and golden morning sun .. 
You told me time will always heal the pain 
Bring the sun and dry the rain 
You need time to solve and think our problems through 
You told me time is always on my side 
To turn the season , change the tide 
Things work out with time if you want them to 
Why can't time make me stop ... 
Loving you 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . 
I know who I am . What I am . What I can and cannot do . And I don't have to prove anything to anyone . I live my life honestly . I'm polite to all . I'm nice to those who around me . I'm kind to those who I call friends . And I love only the only one and I never cheat . I do what I say and I say what I do . I'm not perfect and I get bent from time to time , but never I'm cracked . 
I can easily say that if someone can say bad things about me , then he or she doesn't know me that well and I don't bother to even give a damn care to someone that is not a friend of mine . .. ( but of course after deep and long introspection in some cases . I believe that some critiques could lead me to grow to be a better person with better integrity , honor , morality , and credibility ) 
What do you say ? I'm a wiseass who thinks that I'm more clever than others ? ... That's just so not true !... I'm just a wiseass who knew that I'm cleverer than you ! 
Life is like going to a weird unpopular restaurant with weird waiters and waitresses who keep bringing us food that we don't order and we don't always like . 
just realized that Christmas is near ... 
Everything happens for a reason . Every single person come and go in our life for a reason , well some reason are more ridiculous than the other .. 
I think I need a motorcycle ... ( even I don't know how to ride one ) .. HA-HA .. And I want a vespa !! Who thinks that it's not cool ? It's classic ! 
Life is a three-ring circus : engagement-ring , wedding-ring , suffer-ring . 
When you're single , you're exactly as happy as you are . When you're married , you can only be as happy as the least happy person in the relationship . 
They who hard to themselves will rarely regret . 
Whole night , from across the room our eyes met so many times .. you're so happy , enjoying the music and many drinks with some friends .. shall I make my move and take you into my boring life .. the night passed by and we'll never know each other . I'll never knew if I missed what could've been the greatest thing in my live . 
If you cannot believe me like I believe you , maybe I should start believe you the way you believe me . 
I never late for appointment . If I'm late , I'd probably dead . I always keep the promises I've made ; I'd probably late , but I always deliver . But that so-called ' good ' habit is definitely torturing me . I mean , practically , nobody there to know that I come on time or deliver . 
some woman want guy with money .. the other want guy with control .. where to find one who just want a guy ? I guess a guy without money or power isn't a ' guy ' at all ? 
?????????????????? 
I need my glasses to find my glasses ... what should I do when I lost my glasses ? 
The only way to make someone happy is to make them happy in the way they want .. not in the way you think it's best for them . Otherwise , parents will start shoving their newborn babies with lobsters and wine because they think that those are the best ! :p 
I'm just being polite , being nice , treating other with respect ... But they look down upon me and walk all over me ! ............ these people ... GEEZZZ !! If I'm just being me and walking tall , they tell me that I'm cocky . I bow down a bit and they look down on me . I think next time I'll bow down a bit and carrying a gun . 
My favorite episode of " House " ( House , M . D . ) : Words and Deeds ( season 3 ) .. a story of priority , integrity , dedication , ignorance .. toward something that I can't tell , I mean , it's House ! You'd better watch it yourself .. ( if you're not following the serial , you won't have any idea on what I'm yapping about ) :p 
We go to school to learn something we could be good at ... then we work doing things that we are good at ... and if we are doing it good , we will get promotion , then another promotion and ends up getting paid to do something that we never learned to be good at . Someone please tell me why are we have to go to school ? 
anyone will have time to do almost anything considering that the thing is not something that he has to do at that particular moment . 
After seeing so many pretty faces , I'm bored with those so called ' pretty ' . Everybody look alike .. I'm starting to feels like standing among a bunch of cows . I almost can't tell which one is who .. tall nose , sharp chin , big eyes , long face , big round boobs with odd orientation .. Never I'm as bored with faces as now in this plastic surgeon's waiting room . 
Advance intelligence is the ability to keep two direct opposite ideas inside the mind and yet the reasoning is still able to function with no conflict whatsoever . The ability to hold that paradox condition is somehow could lead someone into greater understanding . Whether it will leads to something right or wrong , depends on the point of view and basic mindset of the paradox-bearer . 
Life is like a series of rooms . They who got stuck with us inside a room in a specific moment in life , will adds up to our life . They who outside the room just don't matter . 
Sure ! Living alone is lonely . And sure ! Eating alone is boring . Definitely ! Accompanied by tv and nobody to talk to isn't fun . Of course when you have nothing and nobody to go home to is sucks . But I suppose it is better to live alone than to live with someone annoying . .... Or is it true that we actually need problems in our life to have a well balanced and happy life ? 
People is silly ( in a funny - ridiculous way ) , when it's hot , we want rain ; when it's rain , we expecting sun ; when it's sunny , we want clouds ; when it's cloudy , we still not happy and worry that it will raining . It's almost like we are expecting problems all the time . Maybe our complains actually means nothing and we just want and need to complain . A total happy life isn't a life at all . 
One can work with broken arm , but not with broken heart . 
Unexamined life isn't worth living . 
Today is my house moving day . Going through my stuff like a journey back of 3-years memory . The funny , the romance , the tears , the fights . This place isn't much a house , but once upon a time , it was a home . I was moving into this house with so much dreams and hope that I could be happy with her , we were building our dreams . Now three years later I'm moving out alone with broken dreams and crushed heart . 
even the sturdiest mind bent through deep grief 
I cook , clean , laundry , and practically all the things that a woman can do . I'm self sufficient but getting pregnant . I always wondering , what can a woman do to assists me in my life . What else do I need from a woman . Until a year ago , I found my answer : " HOME " . I can't make a home all by myself . 
Take risks , take chance . If you win , you will be glad . If you lose , you will be wise . 
I'd rather be misunderstood and hated by fools than dying trying to explain myself or adjusting myself to those fools ' understanding . 
Experience is what we get when we don't get what we want . ^___^ 
I know you're hurt . So was I . We both know how that feel . If I trust you to hold my heart coz I know you won't break it . Would you trust me with yours ? 
Suddenly I remember of the saying : " A cynic is not merely one who reads bitter lessons from the past , he is also the one who is prematurely disappointed in the future . " I suppose I am him . ^o^ 
She could've been the one . Oh , what a beautiful memory it was . Leaving a room full of souvenirs . Now a torture devices that inflicting pain no medicine can heal . The hilarious part is that I'm bleeding a river inside only by looking at it . What a moment worth living it was , which I disagree today . 
" when you're important to someone , the one person will always find a way to make time for you - no excuses " .. 
New Year , and it has been drizzling for 12 hours ... 
???????? .. ??????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????????????? ??????? ?????????????????????? .. ???????????????? ... 
How many ways to say " I love you " ? How many ways to say that I'm not scared . With you by my side , there is no denyin ' I can't wait for me and you . 
Nothing dulls someone as fast as convenience and luxuries . 
As I'm growing old , the world isn't as interesting as before and the people isn't as attractive . I'm seeing the world is changing through musics , architectures , and paintings . And philosophy evolving through people , cultures , coutures , ads and commercials . I understand paradox and now I'm in one . 
True friends appears under great pressures .. as pure gold on furnace .. ^^ 
HELP !! Need $3500 today ! T_T 
If you haven't seen " Rules of Engagement " ... you really should watch it ! ^__^ 
?????????????????????????... 
????????????????? ?????? ??????????????? ????????????????????? 
one home with two dreams and three broken hearts 
Everybody deserve a second chance . Unfortunately , chance doesn't always think so . 
( And why I never heard about third chance ? ) 
A good friend will tell you the truth when something is wrong . He won't seems so good after doing so . 
Life was a lot simpler back then , before everything is all about money . Doctors really help people . Teachers really teach . And priests really work for God ... Now , even woman not looking for a man , they're looking for a walking ATM . " Who needs love ? " they said , " all marriages aren't happy , might as well crying in a Merc instead of a Honda . " ... Well , can't you see THAT IS the reason why marriages are less happy now ?! 
When I was young and naïve , I want a girl who is understanding . Then I had a girl who is understanding . She understands my problems , every single one , but didn't give a damn . 
When I was young and naïve , I learn on how to make my woman happy . Back then , women complained on how ignorant a man can be , thoughtless , and far from romantic . If I knew that woman only need money , I'd work harder and being clueless instead of trying to be warm and caring . 
When I was young and naïve , I was taught to be kind , helpful , understanding , caring , empathy , altruistic and honest . If I could remember who taught me that , I'd surely smack him very hard on the back of the head like he did to me ! ( maybe that's why he smacked me back then , so I wouldn't remember ! ) 
When I was young and naïve , I've learned that I shouldn't fall in love and stand in love instead . Because falling is hurt . As I grows older , I've learned that it is the inevitable risk for being hurt in love . I'm not afraid to fall in love anymore , I'm just afraid to fall into something that I thought it was love . 
When I was young and naïve , it was bothering me a lot when someone misunderstood me ( and I get that a lot ) . Now I don't care anymore . I will only talk a lot or explain myself to whom I care or want to hear me . When I talk less and smile a lot , that's when I stop give a damn of what they think . I'm not gonna stick around just to win or lose a debate , but I'll stick around for a discussion , even the harshest one . 
" If I can't hear you , please tell me again . 
If I don't understand you , please explain . 
If I said something wrong , please correct it . 
If I'm wrong , please let me know . 
So , stop yelling at me bitch ! " 
I have one rule and one rule only : follow me , unless you have a better idea . 
When I was young and naïve , I almost all the time preoccupied thinking of whether or not " I could " and rarely thinking about if " I should . " Many paths in life aren't meant to be walked . 
When I ask you to do as I say , you say I don't give example and idealist . When I ask you to do as I do , you say that everybody created differently and you are not me . What should I do so you will listen to me ? 
Getting a Seidio case for my bb Torch . Finally ! 
There's no better moment in life more than the moment where you come close to me for no reason and pull yourself against me , wrap my arms around you and snuggle with me . Listening to your breath .. the smell of your hair ; your skin .. that's heaven on earth . 
Scars are to reminds us where we were , they're not suppose to dictate where we're going . 
The only way to be strong is to overcome your weakness . To overcome your weakness , you must deal with it . To deal with it you must be strong . It's kinda pointless isn't it ? Maybe to be strong means that we have to have faith to something stronger than ourselves , and through trials , our faith grows stronger and so do we . That " something " could be what we have : something , someone , or God . 
When I was young and naïve , someone taught me to believe in myself . Then later I realize , how am I suppose to " believe in myself " while right at that moment " I'm not believing my self " ? 
" I really do think that I think too much . I think I should stop thinking so much . " 
It wasn't very easy when you left 
every mention of your name would get me so upset 
I trapped my emotions deep inside 
I acted like I didn't care 
with hopes this would subside 
I feel 12 years older .. 
sick .. T_T .. 
you don't have to " win " someone's heart all the time , sometimes , all you have to do is ask 
I'm allergy to dust . This house moving is really torturing me .. T_T .. Can someone please help me ? 
my allergy medicine freeze my brain ! lol ... anxiously , this is fun ^__^ resting moment for my brain but this is really awkward and uncomfortable feeling like stoned very early in the day . 
Repost from Luna_Nightshade : " There is no long distance about love , it always finds a way to bring hearts together no matter how many miles there are between them . " 
putting out my very old and sick pet ... T T 
When I was young and naïve , I always did one big mistake every time I fall in love , I " EXPECT " . Years after that , up until now , I still do the same mistake , knowing that if I'm not expecting anything , I won't do anything for her , including not involving her into my personal life . 
I frequently make technology perform in ways the average person would never consider . Simply because I can . Though it may not look like it now , what I'm doing will save me time and headaches in the future . Am I a geek ? ^^ 
should be from same religion .. have same point of view , same way of thinking , more likely to be able to support each other because holding the same concepts and principles ... * think*think * 
" like a very delicious but very very expensive fruit ; enjoy the memory while it's fresh , because when it turns sour , it surely will make you sick but you will still wanna take it because you can't see yourself throwing it away " 
browsing my mind , to all the girls I've loved before , can't help my self for not smiling ... how could I be so stupid ... kept liking those girls even after I KNEW she will bite me in the ass ... 
I think , that's because somehow I want to prove myself that I'm not a pessimist by hoping that it would worked out ^________^ 
I'm enjoying exchanging " poke " with some good friends here ... but now I'm curious ... what is that means ? ^___^ 
is it giving attention , getting attention , calling someone ...?? LoL 
P.S. : don't stop poking me ... 
just ordered green curry , pad thai , fish cake and som tam for dinner ... ^_____^ 
Since I was a child , I'm obsessively like to do many things twice . The first time is the trial , the learning session . Then doing it again the second time as close as possible to perfection ... Unfortunately , many things in life happen only once , like youth , marriage , life , and dead . 
We are living in a society and trying to be accepted by society . Living to others expectations and care a lot about people's opinion . Conformity is important to us . 
This reminds me of Jean-Jacques Rousseau's Social Contract ... 
I remember back then , I met her in November rain 2007 . She's went away back to her country a month later . Never seen her again since . Today I finally found her . I've been looking for her , on and off along these years .. And now thank you to my friend , finally ... ^^ 
No matter how big a mistake that our loved ones made , somehow , when we dig deeper , we could always find a way to forgive them . 
Repost from Nang Fah : " Never explain yourself to anyone . Because the person who likes you doesn't need it , and the person who doesn't like you won't believe it . " 
India foxtrot yankee oscar uniform charlie alpha november uniform november delta echo romeo sierra tango alpha november delta tango hotel india sierra , charlie oscar papa yankee alpha november delta papa alpha sierra tango echo tango oscar yankee oscar uniform romeo sierra tango alpha tango uniform sierra ( in honor of our military wherever they may be ) - let's see who gets it and follows the instructions ?? 
nothing more painful than to see how time or sorrow slowly taking away one great mind , bits by bits and replace it with blanks ... * sigh * 
different culture , different background , different society , different experience , different style in everything ... how can be together ? how can understand each other ? 
I'm the kind of man that you can hurt , but will still look you in the eyes and smile ... How could I be so stupid , like a dog back then . 
" Baby please come back ! It wasn't you , baby , it was me ! ... All I know is I love you too much , to walk away though . Come inside , pick up the bags off the sidewalk ! Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk ? Told you this is my fault , look me in the eyeball ! ... Next time ? There won't be no next time ! I apologize , even though I know it's lies ! I'm tired of the games ! I just want her back ! I know I'm a liar ! " 
If you can fix it , why worry ? If you cannot fix it , why worry ? 
To really know about someone , push them to the edge and more .. they will reveal their real face . As I ALWAYS say , EVERY SINGLE ONE must be tested to its limit . 
Life is like riding a bicycle . To keep your balance you must keep moving 
I've been trying to forget many things of my past ... now I'm started to think that I'm doing it too well . I've forgotten many things , I think I'm going senile !! 
Repost from Luna Nightshade : ~ ? ~ Family isn't always blood . It's the people in your life who want you in theirs ; the ones who accept you for who you are . The ones who would do anything to see you smile and who love you no matter what . ~ ? ~ 
I am allergic to dust .. this is a serious problem and unquestionably misplaced ! This nose is definitely belong to princes and kings . Not to someone like me !! 
" if I'm gonna fire you , I'm not gonna lecture you . " 
Almost dying changes nothing . Dying , changes everything . 
Morality is only about how you justify your action to your conscience to satisfy your subjective sense of righteousness . 
if I'm only a tofu seller at some street , would u love me ? 
Repost from Ujeen Cui : " Distance doesn't ruin people's relationships . You don't have to see someone everyday to be in love . " 
Men mugs with a bat . Women with a body . 
maybe it's a good idea after all , to consult our DNA before we started to make a long term planning . 
how does it feels 0-100kmh in 3 seconds ...? 
Mistake that girls often do : 
Girls wearing make up to attract boys , after she got him , she stop wearing make up and stop trying to looks good for him .. then wondering why he can't stop looking for some girl across the room . 
After having a boyfriend , the girl stop trying to looks good and starting to gain weight and stop caring about her appearance ... when her guy look to another girl , instead of trying to fix herself , she start a fight ... ( nice move !! ) 
Then she's wondering why is he running away ... 
Why are girls trying to look good for any other people but to their own guy ? 
They look terrible at home , but wearing everything nice to show for those strangers .. 
How can girls looks surprise when their guys can't understand why everybody telling him how lucky he is . 
How can those girls have no clue that the guy have to deal with the worst of them at home ? 
Girls , stop telling everybody that , " If a guy can't deal with my worst , he doesn't deserve my best . " 
Nobody deserves your worst , you little devil !! If you don't know how to control your worst , you doesn't deserve a guy . 
Men are superficial creature ... 
If you girls keep attracting men who are dogs , look at yourself , maybe your scents attracts dogs . 
Most girls weak at their ears . 
Their heart got softened by sweet words .. 
And their logic fades when the words reached their hearts . 
what you don't know can't hurt you 
truth or happiness ; you can't have both 
a close good friend is better than a far family 
Repost from Luna Nightshade : " A real woman doesn't make love to a million men . A real woman makes love to one man a million ways . " 
It seems to be the general thing that the man has to be the romantic one and the girl doesn’t need to do anything except lap up the interest and gifts .. 
Girls , do something ! 
I know I've strayed from the right track in my life when I'm no longer able to say " If I had my life to live over , I'd do it all the same . " 
But then , mistakes had been done and there's no way to take it back . And regret is the only thing I have left . 
" It is a shallow life when you never had any regrets , " someone said to me once . 
" Never regret something that once made you smile . No matter how hard it makes you cry now . " 
As I grows old , I find that the only things I regret are the things I didn't do . 
The man who insists upon seeing with perfect clearness before he decides , never decides . Accept life , and you must accept regret . 
Grief make even the steadiest mind to waver 
I wish I was normal , life would be more bearable . 
going to bangkok ... wondering who will care enough ... :p 
the day you wake up and realize how special he is , he'll be waking up next to her side who already knew .. 
Any man can be happy being in a relationship with any woman , as long as he isn't falling in love with her . 
if you have BB , you are ALL invited to add my BB pin : 22e92557 
** I don't have " reject " list in my Facebook friends list ** .. ^___^ 
Long lost love of my past , and I've been looking back to see if there's even a slight chance of us being together ... But it seems there's none . 
Let me stay for awhile in this disappointment . I'll leave my past soon and be on my way later to find you , maybe I'll have a better future with you and you could love me better . I'll take my chances ... 
" Another shot of whiskey , can't stop looking at the door . Wishing you'd come sweeping in the way you did before . I wonder if I ever cross your mind for me it happens all the time . It's a quarter after one , I'm a little drunk and I need you now . I said I wouldn't call but I lost all control and I need you now . I don't know how I can do without , I just need you now . I guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all . " 
You cannot dream yourself into a character ; you must hammer and forge yourself one . It is a man's duty to restrain himself . Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet . Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened , ambition inspired , and success achieved . 
I could never think well of a man's intellectual or moral character , if he was habitually unfaithful to his appointments . 
Your money can buy everything valuable in the world but the value itself . 
You can buy a house , but not a home . 
You can buy a clock , but not time . 
You can buy a bed , but not sleep . 
You can buy a book , but not knowledge . 
You can buy a teacher , but not wisdom . 
You can buy a doctor , but not good health . 
You can buy a position , but not respect . 
You can buy blood , but not life . 
You can buy sex , but not love . 
Just watched 2010 Victoria Secret's fashion show ... SOOO GLAMOROUS & HOT !!! Enchanting ... love the angels ( and of course what they wear ) .. 
All things will come to those who wait . Not so many things come earlier just because we want it to . For everything , there are time and seasons . 
planning for 2 weeks trip to Bangkok ... 
a little bit e x c i t e d .. 
Long distance relationship is sucks . 
Never afraid or shy of making small mistakes . That small mistakes will teach us avoiding the bigger one ... if you are willing to learn from it , of course . 
Being a good man : even if good things not yet to come ; evil has already walked away . Being a bad man : even if evil things not yet to come ; good thing has already walked away . 
Anna Sui - Rock Me ... sniff .. sniff .. L o v E it !! ^^ 
masaya ang aking puso 
" Seems nothing ever changes . We're back to being strangers . Wondering if we oughta stay or head on out the door . Just once can't we figure out what we keep doing wrong . Why the good times never last for very long . Seems we're always blowing . Whatever we got going . What are we doing wrong . Just once can't we find a way to finally make it right . " 
If you want to do it right , DO IT YOURSELF ... I should've known it better ! * geeezzzz * 
Thanksgiving .. what to thanks for ? .. I'm thankful that I still have at least bread to eat three times a day . Literally . ^___^ ( life has been difficult lately ) 
Miss my moment in Pattaya ... 
need to find big fruit exporter company in thailand .. hmm .. where to start .. ??? 
It is amazed me , to see the young and foolish grows into the old and foolish . 
" why women expecting men to be a mind-reader ? " --- the philosophical question in history of modern relationship since the transition to the feminism era . 
Things aren't the way they were before ... 
LIFE is the art of drawing without eraser . 
will be in Bangkok at the end of this month .. hope this time I have time to go to Chiang Mai or Pai .. ^___^ 
Take it for granted that others ' must ' help you in the difficult time is one disgusting attitude . Aren't you hate it when people kiss-ass especially when they want something from you ? Well , isn't it super annoying when they don't try to kiss your ass when they want something from you and act as if you just have to help them ?! 
utilitarianism .. I guess now I'm free from my own conscience . :) 
???????? .. 
??????????????????? .. 
??????????? .. 
?????????????????????? .. 
????????????????????? .. 
???????????????????? .. 
????? ? ??????? .. 
???????????????????????????! 
I don't believe that people can change . I've seen it though . 
Being single has its upside and downside . It is simpler , easier , and cheap . The only downside is that you are single . 
Not judging ; but I find this " sweet/pretty/cute/sissy boys " culture in Asia is somehow rather disturbing for me . Where are the men ? Craving for attention ? 
Knowing is one thing . Doing something is another different world . I've seen people . who know things , but they don't act accordingly based on their knowledge . 
Just visit a BIG garage filled with stupid workers !! Either they don't remember what I've asked them to do or they're simply idiots . But they surely know how to act like a smart one . ( If only I speak Thai ) .. 
Bangkok finally . It was a nice flight .. :) 
Most men mistakenly assume that he needs a wife while what he actually need is a maid and sex companion . 
Just visit Siam Square & MBK Junction .. fun ! 
Dear God , i know whatever goes up , must go down ... but please , don't let me fall . and if I may , not again after this one ( if i ever go up again ) . i'm too old and tired . even for now , i'm thinking just to sit here .. Amen . 
What we do for us , die with us . What we do for others and the world , remains immortal . 
I've date them all ; from a 4 to a 9 ( scale prettiness of 1 to 10 ; 10 being the prettiest ); the only difference was the 9 draws much attention and a 4 wasn't . But they all same in capability to cheat . I was expecting the lower number could be somehow more believable and honest . But noooooooooo ... And honestly , it hurts more and not only my heart , but also my EGO when a 4 ( or even a 7 ) cheat on me . 
" And maybe someday we will meet , and maybe talk and not just speak . 
Don't buy the promises ' cause , there are no promises I keep . 
Give me reason but don't give me choice . 
' Cause I'll just make the same mistake again . 
Saw the world turning in my sheets and once again I cannot sleep . 
Walk out the door and up the street ; look at the stars . 
Look at the stars fall down . 
And wonder where did I go wrong . " 
You don't look for happiness . You bring it with you . 
one of these days , I'll let everyone who doesn't like me to think whatever they want . trying to change people's opinion is one pain in the ass . better than wasting my time , I'll use my energy for something I like or someone else who actually like me . 
You learn to like someone when you find what makes them laugh , but you never can truly love someone until you find what makes them cry . 
she loved me .. she just loved my money more .. oh , wait , that's not true , she loved the way I'm taking care of her .. but she loved my money more .. 
So there it goes : 
NO MONEY , NO HONEY 
Thank God I don't have much money !! ^_______^ 
. . . lost and lonely . . . what am I doing here ? 
sejuk .. mendung .. berangin .. dlm suasana natal .. bikin hati jadi sepi . hhhhh .... . . . . . (-_-) 
. . . frustrated ... tired ... speechless . What the hell is going on with my life ? Why women around me seems to have special talent to ruin my life . 
Finally find a store to buy an ASP 21 " duratec black chrome baton .. yaay !! 
The different between the people who have tattoo and the people who don't is that the people who have tattoo doesn't give a damn whether the other have tattoo or not . 
@ Juanda Airport , to Bangkok for 2 weeks . Checking in , immigration .. so far , this is somehow remind me of the last time I went to Singapore .. 
Never carry weapon , you'll tend to use it . Never carry weapon , unless you intend to use it . Never carry weapon , unless you really know how to use it . It is ironic to get hospitalized or jailed by your own weapon . 
Now I understand why God creating men to be ignorant . 
I am officially hate SMT/SMG transmission system ! 
(-) No 3G , no voIP .. (+) subway , skytrain , big road ( but those are inevitable when the whole country centralized in 1 metropolis ) .. Everything else pretty much the same . 
Trust but verify . Unverified trust is called faith . No human deserve other's faith . 
I can't believe I'm saying this : " I miss Surabaya rain ! " .. +555 
First day in Bangkok .. Traffic jam !! .. ( sigh ) .. 
Wanna know who love you more , your dog ( the man's best friend ) or your girlfriend ? Lock them in the trunk then open the trunk after 30 minutes . See which one of them is the happiest to see you . LoL .. ^__^ 
The things that comes with age are wrinkles , grey hair , and patience ; If only wisdom is included in the package . 
226kmh with Honda Civic FD2 .. 
" ... 
' til the end of time forever 
You're the only love I'll need 
in my life You're all that matters 
in my eyes the only truth I see 
when my hopes and dreams have shattered 
You're the one that's there for me 
imagine me without You 
Lord , You know it's just impossible 
my life is now worthwhile 
it was like You heard me calling 
and You rush to set me free 
... " 
Every month , I am spending money as if I have a family . But yet , I am as lonely as a widower . 
aaarrrrgggghhhhh !!! My brain is so FULL it's OVERLOAD !! 
It is not the pain of being lonely that hurts . It is the pain of being happy but having nobody to share with that hurts . 
Shallow , naïve , idiot , liar , or all of the above : the kind of person who can be cynical and inconsiderate toward the mourning of the broken hearted . 
Never know that God is all you need until God is all you have . 
Great !! My wrist watch missed 17 seconds last year for the whole year . ^.^ 
Finally .. that small plane is here . Feeling lucky that I choose their hot-seat , or it will be 3 hours and 50 minutes cramped in small space . 
Dreams come true . Without that possibility , nature would not incite us to have them . 
Come back to my home and everything is changed . Where is my stuff ??? I don't know anymore what is where ! 
" Many things has happened during the years we're together .. people come and go from each of our life .. people that we don't tell to each other , simply because they were nothing . Now , here we are , look into each other's eyes , still together , still being strong . I thankful for that . " - Happy Thanksgiving 
People only wanted to be agreed and listened ; they don't want to be understood ( even if they said so ) , because it will make them feel less special . 
PS3 Gran Turismo 5 is coming ... wanting this for Christmas !!! 
I don't wanna know whatever I don't need to know . I don't need to know a lot of things . Some of your opinions are included . I'm not here to put rainbow in your sky . That's why whores charges a high price ... ( by " you " , I don't mean " you " .. ~_^) 
Sometimes , to be a perfect lover , you don't have to be the BEST in everything . And sometimes , they don't want the best , they just want the one who can make them happy . 
" Last Christmas , I gave you my heart . But the very next day , you gave it away . This year , to save me from tears , I'll give it to someone special . " 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . Women read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . 
The disappearance of six-pack abs is a proof that someone has more consideration to others than his/her appearances . (-_-) 
Generosity is really only for them who can actually afford it . 
Another busy day .. 
Sometime , " family " means the other screw up and you take the beating . 
Having a girlfriend is exchanging many girls ' attention with one girl's ignorance .. ( I believe the very same thing applies with boyfriends ) .. 
I love the passions , the efforts , the obsessions to achieve the greatness . I love mankind . They moved me . Really . It's people I can't stand . 
If you want to know your past - look into your present conditions . If you want to know your future - look into your present actions . 
Do to others in the way you want others do to you . Along with that , there's expectation and can lead to disappointment . If you can't comfort my heart like I'm comforting you , maybe you want me to comforting you just as much as the discomfort you causing me . 
" believe that in time my heart will heal again 
and i believe that in time my heart will feel again 
so i keep on holding on 
so i keep on being strong 
and though it's hard for me to breathe 
and even harder to believe 
i know that one day i'm gonna find 
i'm gonna be just fine 
and i know although my heart hurts now 
i'll find a way to get up off the ground 
cos i know one day i'm gonna feel again " 
After sometimes , I just got so ignorant that I don't care anymore what they say in a language that I don't understand . 
You can't control what you feel , only your action . 
There are mistake that we can't make it right even if a lifetime given to us . The regrets that won't go until we die . 
My life has been going through a lot of changes and I see my mind changing my behavior and the way I'm seeing the world . I see me unfolding before my very eyes and I'm scared of what I'll become . 
" While you scream at your man , there's a woman wishing she could whisper in his ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult him , there's a woman flirting with him & reminding him how manly he is . While you hurt him , there's a woman wishing she could take his pain away . While you make him cry , there's a woman stealing smiles from him . " 
~ and who said that there's no such things as man abuse ~ 
why still lying to me after all these years 
90% of our worries is never come true . 
" ... I don't care what's going on in your pants , as long as it stays in your pants ! ... " 
There are memories that we can't let go no matter how painful it is simply because it makes us what we are . Clinging to it as if it is our life , don't wanna let go , don't wanna move on . 
One of the reason why long distance relationship prone to failure is because human's communication is 75%-80% non-verbal . 
my long-time-no-see friend , an old friend of mine is now married to a Thai girl and she is carrying his baby , living in Indonesia ! Congratulations bro ... ^_____^ Best wishes ! ( sorry for the long delay , I just found u again after 17 years ! ) 
I will never say that I wish I'd never met you . Because once upon a time , you were exactly what I needed . 
Marriage is a mistake , but not all mistake ends up bad . 
I trully am impatient with girls ... ••• Šï ? h ??? (~.~) 
Have you ever try to teach someone with so big an ego that they keep trying to prove that they are better than you ? If you haven't , don't do it . It will like playing Chopin to a cow . If you have , then you know what I'm talking about . 
Keep staying with someone you really love -for whatever the reason- but can't be together with -due to any reason- is like standing in the rain ... it surely DOES feels good , but you can be damn sure that it will make you sick sooner or later ... 
This facebook mobile application needs to embed ' Notes ' in it . It is annoying to go to mobile site just to write notes ... 
Perfect , my laptop is broken and can't be fixed . What an expensive paper-weight or door-stop . Wondering if I can still sell this , one's trash is other's treasure .. I guess .. :p 
Whoever said that Bugatti Veyron is a sport car , super car , or exotic car , obviously doesn't know how Ettore Bugatti build THE Veyron . He definitely doesn't know the word MASTERPIECE or ART in THE Veyron . It would be like calling " Messiah " oratorio by George Frideric Handel is just a music . 
I really really really want PS3 - GranTurismo5 !! !! ^__^ " must buy ! 
I wish memory was like chalkboard and I can erase the one that I don't wanna remember . 
It has been a rough year , wish Santa will give me PS3 & Gran Turismo 5 !! .. ^^ 
If only I could give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes , perhaps by then would you realize how precious you are to me . 
Gosh ! All of my cooking sauces and spices expired ! Time for groceries shopping ... or maybe I shouldn't since I almost never cook anymore ... hmm ... 
it is a lonely road at both ends of a gaussian curve .. 
traffic jam !!! gosh !! why am I driving this manual car on weekend ?!! what was I thinking ! 
" So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies . He that loveth his wife loveth himself . " 
" Demikian juga suami harus mengasihi istrinya sama seperti tubuhnya sendiri : siapa yang mengasihi istrinya mengasihi dirinya sendiri . " 
" ???????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????????? " 
" ?????????????????? ???????????? " 
God helps those who try to help themselves . But isn't He hold the rights to help whoever He wants ? Why do we think that He ' must ' help us ? Isn't He ' GOD ' , LORD of all Lords ? 
Progress always involving risks . You can't move to second floor while put one foot on the first . 
The fastest way to a man's heart is through his stomach . This is so true .. at least for me . ^^ 
Nothing will happen without first there was dream 
year together .. 
Our ... Valentine . 
Let's think of how we have grown together . 
How our love has grown ... 
And we have had a whole year to prove our love . 
Let's think of how we can grow better in the future . 
How we can love each other better ... 
And may we have another year to share our life . " 
Counting down to Christmas and New Year .. Kiss-ass or bad attitude , let's share what we have . A good man is who can share from his abundance , a great man is from his deficient . 
Sometimes , we have to satisfied to settle with the second best . 
Changing name , changing appearances .. same old " brand-new " you , same old attitude .. ••• Šï ? h ??? 
" Tak pernah kusangka ini terjadi 
Kisah cinta yang suci ini 
Kau tinggalkan begitu saja 
Sekian lamanya kita berdua 
Tak kusangka cepat berlalu 
Tuk mencari kesombongan diri 
Lupa segala yang pernah kau ucapkan 
Kau tinggalkan daku 
Pergilah kasih kejarlah keinginanmu 
Selagi masih ada waktu 
Jangan hiraukan diriku 
Aku rela berpisah demi untuk dirimu 
Semoga tercapai segala keinginanmu " 
Don't bother to explain anything to whoever without enough understanding to begin with . It will be like playing Chopin to a cow . 
If you have to ask for the price , you can't afford it . Nobody buys a supercar with head .. you buy it with heart .. you buy it because you love it , and who can put a price on LOVE ? it takes one fine car which can make me act like a 10 years old , to make me spend money on ridiculously amazing and pricey supercar . 
Fixing a relationship is like trying to fix a broken glass . Sometimes , it is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself trying to put it back together . 
" Tried to be strong . Tried to hangin on . Tried to hold on . Until the weakest moment got onto me . And I miss you like die . Missing you until it's hurting me . Try to call you one more time , but no one picking up like always . You know it was me , you never meant to pick up my call . You've had enough with me . I understand . Once again in agony , I only able to whisper , " I miss you . " And tears start rolling down my face . " 
1 . Denial .. ; 2 . Anger .. ; 3 . Bargaining .. ; 4 . Depression .. ; 5 . Acceptance .. 
Everybody deserve a second chance , despite of my belief that people never change . 
GMT +7 : My New Year's resolution : Returning myself to the brand new same old me ( the ' me ' 4 years ago ) . I've been living under my own high-standard . Now NO MORE ! I've tasted the low and the high . I choose the hard-high over the easy-low . So help me GOD . 
People don't change . Especially when you told them to . 
?????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????? 
" I look around and the shadow of you are everywhere I go . Those sweet memories suddenly too much too hurt to remember . Every time I open up something , I close to tears and the bitter memories seems doesn't matter anymore . " 
another sleepless night ... 
When you love someone , you have to learn to trust their decision ; even if they are about to do something that you know it is a mistake . You might think that you're protecting them , but in fact , they think you underestimate them . --- I finally learned this the HARDEST way people can imagine . 
I am craving for lobster . I know what I'll have for Christmas dinner .. ^__ ~ 
Everything must be tested to its limit and pushed to the edge . Everything that hasn't been tested are not worth for anything . 
So is LIFE . Unexamined life is not worth living . 
Logically , we often value things more than we should , and in defense we called it intrinsic value . But paradoxically to that concept , the way we value things shows our value system ; thus shows the value of our life . The way we value things shows how valuable our life . 
I really should stop watching TV and start reading a good book !! 
Have been thinking to go to Singapore ... 
Are all women incapable of introspection and showing guilt ? 
I'll be home for Christmas . You can plan on me . Please have snow and mistletoe . And presents on the tree ... ... Christmas Eve will find me . Where the lovelight gleams . I'll be home for Christmas . If only in my dreams 
Sometimes , life is just like a d*ck . It just gets hard for no reason . 
The only easy day was yesterday . 
I finally found my closure today and I'm ready to move on . Finally found my peace . 
WOW ! Some stranger just call me ANTI-CHRIST ' coz of my chinese style dragon tattoo !! He said and I quote , " that's the Israel's 666 dragon ! a symbol that in judgement day , the bearer of the symbol will go to hell ! " And his friend ( who also my friend ) add that it's too late for me . . . . . 
Everybody LIES 
there's no such thing as ' ugly ' .. only the kind of person who doesn't know how to present themselves . 
It is true , that when someone loves u not in the way u want them to , doesn't mean that they don't love u with all they have . But really , when u love someone , don't u wanna make them happy in the way they like , instead of trying to do it ur way ?? 
" Love have to have money and can't be happy without any money " ... if you disagree , will you marry me ? :p 
I never imagine that I will have a Pandora Box in this life . Too curious to keep it close , too scared to open it . 
" What I don't know can't hurt me . " 
I know I should keep it shut . 
When you tell me that you have no regrets somewhere along this life ; means that you are a liar , or a coward , or shallow , or has not live long enough . 
Try to leave a light on when I'm gone . Something I rely on to get home . One I can feel at night , a naked light . A fire to keep me warm . 
Try to leave a light on when I'm gone . Even in the daylight , shine on . And when it's late at night you can look inside . You won't feel so alone . 
As far as I know , the longest city name/the longest word in the whole world is THIS .. ( TA-DA ) .. : 
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
" I let you go 
I let you fly 
Now that I know I’m asking why 
I let you go 
Now that I found 
A way to keep somehow 
More than a broken vow " 
Finally understand the meaning of the whole song after 4 years ... 
To be the best , talent isn't enough , it takes efforts , a hard work , or a passion , even an obsession .. you have to do it to the limit of sanity . If you love what you do , you will enjoy it . If you don't , either you go crazy or dying . 
I never had the luxury to have a great woman in my life . Every single day , I come to a dark cold place ; no happy smile welcoming me ; no smiling eyes watching my steps ; no warm food ; no nothing but an empty house . Some women really don't know how to keep their men and wondering why they're keep losing them , blaming everything and everyone around them but themselves . 
The up side about being single are everything is simpler , no calls to waiting for , nobody to worry about , and there are no surprises and no racing heart . The downside is that I'm lonely . The thing is my last girlfriend wasn't give a damn care about me , so this is practically the same with or without her . 
I love you not only for what you are , but for what I am when I am with you . I love you not only for what you have made of yourself , but for what you are making of me . I love you for the part of me that you bring out . 
IGNORANCE IS A BLISS 
when someone speaking your language in a funny accent , remember that he can speak at least one more language not in a funny way . ^_____^ 
" I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which i'll never part . God has you in his arms .. I have you in my heart . " 
This news just in : 
My beloved cute friend are getting married !!!! 
?????????!!! 
^_________^ 
Very happy for you , sis !! 
I wish you good luck in every of your endeavour ! 
" Where's she ? " 
I said , " not here . " 
" Why ? " She continued . 
" She hates it here . " 
" Aren't you gonna find her ? " 
" Don't think so . " 
" Can't you two talk ? " 
" We did . She hate it here and I can't move there . " I wanna run , but the next , " aren't you lonely ? " 
She looked deep into my eyes . The look that I'm familiar with . 
I hate this question . My chest felt very heavy as I took a long deep breath , " this is what she wants . " 
Picture perfect memories 
scattered all around the floor 
reaching for the phone , 
cause I can't fight it anymore . 
And I wonder if I ever cross your mind , for me it happens all the time 
Everybody makes mistake . I've learned mine . The first question I should have asked was ' could you move to my country and live in my town and eat my food ? ' 
Why ? Simply because I'll be a big baby in your country , and while I'm learning to read and speak your language , we won't be able to afford food . 
Nothing could make my day brighter and more enjoyable than seeing a big bright sincere smile . Truly . 
how do u feel when someone u get involved with making a big decision without involving u . 
We are spending most time in our life waiting ... red lights , traffic jams , queues , meetings , appointments , dates , the right lover ... Some said , make your chances . The other said , the best thing comes to those who wait . I believe in the last one . Can you imagine the chaos those impatient people could cause ? 
Being in a relationship is like taking a class for a life time , but when we broke up , all the things we've learned suddenly become useless . Starting a new relationship is like taking a whole new class and starting over everything . 
This is the thing I always hate the most : coming back at the end of the day to a dark house that I call home , simply because I have nowhere else to go to . It's just sad . Nobody inside waiting for me . The feeling is unbearable and overwhelming . Loneliness . 
Finally , I can write " the letter " , after 3 weeks of procrastination ... a problem delayed is a problem denied ... that's so true in my case . I just don't wanna write that LETTER ... but I know I have to . And here I am , the hard part has passed . Next , sending it ... ••• Šï ? h ??? 
such a perfect day .. our first sunrise , perfect breakfast , walk in a park , time in the pool , walk by the beach , back to our room , taking pictures , making love , followed by 8 hours driving back .. I miss u and that moment in this Valentine's day . 
I've been chasing dreams for 17 years , I forgot how it feels to chase something real . 
Sometimes , when we -men- , don't believe in ourselves , we just need a kind hearted woman who believe in us totally and completely , to get us back on our feet . That's why we called our woman " home " . In the end of every single day , we wanna come to where you are smiling happily to see us coming . Where there's light , food and hug . Then we know , we're home . 
