The end of my first semester at ASU is almost over and it seems promising . At least I'll be able to breathe during the winter break . 
Fröhliche Weihnachten und glückliche Feiertagen ! 
Well , its official . The end of the semester is here and I couldn't be more glad to have a well deserved winter break . All that is left is to get the final grades and hope for the best this next coming semester . Good night everyone ! 
is anxiously waiting for the final grades to be posted on blackboard . It feels like the longest time I've ever waited for my letter grades . Hopefully , I did alright , but I need to know before I go insane . 
schlägt seinen Kopf am Tisch , weil er viele schwere Hausaufgabe hat . Ich will einanderen Ferien . 
is finally done with midterms and ready for spring break . 
just saw Avatarand was very impressed . the 3D visuals felt like a good bonus to the experience . The story reminded me of Dune and a little bit of Star wars . I would definitely recomend seeing it . 
is living an eventful life serving the kingdom . First , helped remodel Pastor Brian's house . Next , had an adventurous hiking trip . Finally , helped out a bunch of guys move out to another house during a monsoon . Awesome :) 
Well , my team lost the super bowl , but instead of becoming hardened and resentful , I'm going do what Pastor Brian Smith suggested : praise God even when I lose and be thankful for spending time with friends and family today . It was definitely a good game . 
I love God because He first loved me . 
A definition for insanity : performing the same act over and over again expecting to obtain different results after every attempt . 

We must be insane to assume that people suffering from insanity know anything about probability when they perform an act repeatedly ! 
is off on vacation in Florida until Tuesday August 10 . First , going to a wedding , then exploring Disney World ! 
Organic chemistry and Christianity have something in common : just like a mechanism , the bible guides you along with Jesus as your catalyst to the production of perfection . You just don’t want to find yourself in a syn confirmation with Him because there’s too much steric tension in that confirmation and you will eventually break the bond between the two of you . 
is finally back from his vacation ! I thank all of you who wished me a happy birthday , prayed for my safe trip , and gave me plenty of notifications to look at when I got back ! You guys are all awesome ! B > ) 
? When the walls close in around me 
Let Your glory light the darkness of my night 
When the suffering's all that I see 
May I walk with You by faith and not by sight ? 
19-24 , Steelers all the way baby ! Let's go for 7 Super Bowl Championship wins ! 
Glória in excélsis Deo et in terra pax homínibus bonae voluntátis 
" The gospel is not only the most important message in all of history ; it is the only essential message in all of history . " - Jerry Bridges 
I love God because He gives me labors to faithfully perform for His glory . 
Awesome hike today especially with friends like Matt Shields , Aaron Duell , Jake Crawford , Elora Diaz , Marcus Washington , and Andrew Bostwick to make it all the more entertaining . We even made it back to play football IN THE RAIN ! It's days like these where you can appreciate how many activities you contributed to and finished . 
Just clearing some last minute assignments and strategically planning how to lead men to the Lord in the restless land of California . I can't wait to see what's in store for us on the horizon at SDSU ! 
