I'm back at smcc in room 423 in the nrh 
I lost my cell phone it is a black and silver samsung verizon cell phone . if everyone that goes to smcc can keep an eye out for it i would be grateful 
getting back into the flow of college 
my sister just called me a gekk ... come up witha a def . 
There is beauty in everything it is simply up to us to find it 
is very disapointed in the people of maine ... yes on 1 ... what a sad day this is 
found my cell phone ... but it was steped on and i cant dial #'s and can't get to my voice mail 
a quote that i found " You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth ... Let your bending in the archer's hand be for gladness ; For even as He loves the arrow that flies , so He loves also the bow that is stable . " Kahlil Gibran 
why am i always the goddamn friend not the boyfriend !!! 
It sheltered me from nothing but the weather I called it home for a moment of my life This place I see just doesn't look familiar I wonder if it looks the same inside -Staind Corner 
sick and tired of homework 
I’m going off for turkey day in a little bit , and I’m not sure if I will have internet access . But anyway have a good turkey day everyone !! 
ugh have to go to work ... 
back at smcc 
one of my best friends has told me to change my status .... this is it lol 
I'm SICK AND TIRED OF BEING SINGLE !!! Is there any woman out there that is looking for a guy who will treat them right ?? 
going home for break soon , have a good holiday everyone ! 
snowday !!!!!!!!!! YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
... 
back at smcc !!! 
all the lanterns were shuttered halfway so that a cool twilight suffused the air , lending an etherreal feel to the event . 
boreing week end .. 
don't you love when you try to respond to a wall post and you put it as your statis ... lol 
click " like " if I have ever made u smile :] set this as ur status and see how many people uve made smile :] 
I'm off for spring break soon at 12 I probably won't have internet access so have a good week everyone ! 
so i just got a letter from the IRS , and first thought through my head is wow i may owe them like fifty dollars or something because i didn't make much this year . so i open it and it turns out that I'm getting another almost five hundred dollars because of a mistake on my tax return , all i can say is thanks IRS 
MY COMPUTER WORKS !!! 
im in the dorms for sure this summer , which is good 
Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth . 
in my new apartment as of now !!! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Lovable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Good person . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beautiful . 16 : Cute . 17 : Generous 
Click " like " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile . 
rarg !!!!! 
I got a job at the mecernin center ( I know my spelling sucks ) 
gas powered scotters are awesome !!!! 
sliding on tar = bad 
great ... i just messed up trimming my beard , its going to be short for a while ... 
Second Law of Final Exams 
In your toughest final , the most distractingly attractive student in class will sit next to you for the first time . 
is saying that calling someone from on top of mount everist with a satilite phone not epic , i just got the look like im crazy for saying it would be(i was bored and being random ) 
does anyone have a stright talk phone charger i can use ?? 
whatched cop out last night with my girlfriend , Joshua Irish , and his girlfriend , it was awesome . there was also a character in it that reminded me of Jonathan Yocum ( the parkour guy is the one I'm talking about ) 
The derek was bitten 
Well I feel smart ... I let myself get distracted while I was 
walking on the rocks at the smcc lighthouse and fell ; I'm all right a lightly 
twisted ankle and a bruised muscle . Fun ... 
my cell phone is out of mins . so if you need to get ahold of me email me here or im me 
my birthday is coming up on the 23rd and i would like to get to together with people from the college , so if you want to what would be a good time for everyone ??? 
thank you to all of you who said happy birthday and helped me celebrate it , because of you all it was a good one ? 
my birthday is Thursday , and so i would like to have a get together BUT it doesn't have to be Thursday , what is a good day/time for people ( i didn't get many responses to my first post so i thought i would try again) ? 
I am posting this on my new phone , same number though 
out looking for another apartment ... ether the one upstairs from me or another .... i love bad roommates with victim mortality's ...? 
at the movies with my girlfriend ! 
does anyone know if you have to pay taxes for a work study or not ? 
epic : when you are in one room and your friends are in another , but instead of getting up to say something to them you look and see if they are on facebook so you can i.m. them 
so looks like I'm not going to be back at smcc for next semester , i love the fact that they can suspend you for completion rate ... 
Alice in wonderland was amazing !! 
