what to do now ? I didn't transform like you told me to ... 
My condolences to those I have inflicted with Nasal Hemorage due to my virtuousic capacity . 
Cosplay is defined as escaping from reality , making cosplayers defined as people who couldn't handle reality . 

Juven Niño Villacastin 
is suffering sore-eyes . 
kinsay naay D string sa violin ? Hatagan tika ug Suzuki Violin Course Book 5-10 in pdf format . 
daghanag scam aning facebook uy ! to all my beloved fans and disciples : 
ayaw mo ug ptaka ug pindut-pindut ... 
I had a dream ! That white people , black people , and even chinese people , would get along . 
Why do I need to go to school ?! I already know Political and International Law , Labor and Social Legislation , Civil Law , Taxation Law , Mercantile Law , Criminal Law , Remedial Law , Legal Ethics , Alchemy and Theology . I already have a job and I'm always hired by rich people to play the violin and piano . Should I cram my perfect mind with knowledge that fades easily ? Or work at the age of 13 ? 
Staccato ! Con fuoco ! Crescendo ! Slur ! Kapoy gyud kaayo kng orchestra praktis sa orchestra , sobraan ka arte . Mas maayo pa sa banda kay naa pay freedom ... 
To all : violinists na gusto magpa tutor dira , and patudlu og music theory , i am available for free every saturday . 
piano-for the half-hearted for the expressive 
violin-for the cold-hearted and expressive 
flute-for the deceivers 
trumpet-for the jolly 
cello-for the daydreamers 
clarinet-for the impressionists 
recommended songs for violin : 
caprice 1-24 by Nicolo Paganini 
le streghe " " 
La Campanella " " 
Polonaise de Konzert op . 4 by Henryk Wieniawski 
Scherzo-Tarantelle " " 
La ronde des lutins by Antonio Bazzini 
Chaccone attributed to Tommaso Vitali 
Tzigane by Maurice Ravel 
Ziguerenweisen by Pablo de Sarasate y Navascues 
Caprice Basque " " 
search them on youtube . 
" Silence speaks louder than words . " 
-Apollo Justice 
Ace Attorney 
A ... A ... A ... this letter is echoing in my head . If I chose A , first unta ko , pero bcoz nalisdan nko ang answer ug C , na 5th ko . well at least im top 5 out of 18 . 
has blueprints for a BTC3 250 KV Tesla Coil . 
katanga ... 
its been a while since I held a gun ... 
" The worthless are meant to be played with " 
-- Juven Nino Villacastin , The Bitter Reality 
It doesn't matter how many underhanded tricks a person uses ... The truth will always find a way to make itself known . The only thing we can do is to fight with the knowledge we hold and everything we have . Erasing the paradoxes one by one ... It's never easy ... We claw and scratch for every inch . But we will always eventually reach that one single truth . This I promise you . 
Note to self : remember that Galileo did his experiment in a vacuum to see if 2 objects with different weight fall at the same time . Do not attempt again to jump from a 3 storey building ... 
Wonder whose soul and mind I will be destroying tomorrow ... 
Sadly one Sunday I waited and waited 
With flowers in my arms for the dream I'd created 
I waited ' til dreams , like my heart , were all broken 
The flowers were all dead and the words were unspoken 
The grief that I knew was beyond all consoling 
The beat of my heart was a bell that was tolling ... 
I always love to see faces of fear ... ' cause I feed on people's fears , emotions , and nightmares ... 
Makabuysit gyud nang mga dli ka accept na mali uy ! Kng ana gyud mo ka defensive sa inyung pride , HILUM NALANG ! Ayaw pataka ug sturya kng wa kay ebidensya , kay kamu ray magmahay ana , kng dli , akuy magdala sa inyu sa mahay 
3 EASIEST WAYS TO DIE ; 
1 . have a cigarette daily 
- you'll die 10 years earlier . 
2 . Drink alcohol daily . 
- you'll die 30 years earlier . 
... 3 . Love someone who doesn't love you back . 
-you'll die daily . 
wat happened to hang yourself after listening to Gloomy Sunday ? 
pass this to 15 people for no reason 
nalibug na gyud q . Kanus . a mn gyud ang End of the World ? December 21 2012 or May 21 2011 ? 
I've been kicked , I've been punched , I've been accused , I've been burned , I've been lied to , I've been robbed , I've been sent out , I've been cheated , I've been toyed , I've been tortured , I've been interrogated , I've been chewed up and spitted down and booed on stage , I've been through hell . Thats why you will never understand my psychology ' cause you've never been through what I've been through ... 
is a racist . 
Summer na gyud , di na ko muantus ug atubang ug libro , nota na sad ang atubangun karun ... 
Goodbye Engish , MAPEH , Integrated Science , Elementary Algebra , TLE , Filipino , A.P. , and R . S ... Hello Linguistics , Music Theory , Integrated Alchemy , Collegiate Calculus , Statistics , Latin , World History and Theology ... self school months march-june 
010101000111001001101001011101100110010101101110 ... :D 
People often wonder how it feels like to catch a glimpse of hell ... I see and feel the flames of hell everyday , you'll get used to it ... 
Books = Instruments that record analyse summarize organize debate and explain information which are illustrative non-illustrative hardbound paperback jacketed non-jacketed with forward introduction , table of contents , index that are indented for the enlightenment , understanding enrichment enhancement and education of the human brain through sensory root of vision ... sometimes leisure 
finally , a weekend of no computer , no cellphone , no tv , but 48 hours of alchemy , psychology , statistics , and music theory has ended ... 
what happened today : 
-nakabuak ko 
-1st time nag interrogate in public , proved guilty ang defense sa rebuttal 
-nakabuak na sad 
-composed the motif for Symphony no . 2 in D flat major 
-bayad ug almost one-year na utang ... 
-nakabuak ug baso 
... 
Paita sad aning taga . adlaw naay mu sulay ug kasu sa imu uy ... but thats how I want to live , a boy who always wind up in court ... 
i can't wait ... i wanna die already . whats the point of continuing my life when i already accomplished my mission ? 
Fighting solves everything 
saddest pieces for violin and piano part 1(search and cry ): 
Vitali Chaccone , Sad Romance , Bach Chaccone , Ravel Tzigane , Paganini Caprice 24 , Rachmaninov Piano Concerto no . 2 , Grieg Piano Concerto in A minor . 
paita sad ani uy , una libel , sunod assisted suicide , sunod illegal possesion of firearms , unya karun arson ... 
The world will be all mine someday . 
my psychiatrist just diagnosed me of depression ... 
is raising hell 
is having fun listening to Hitler's speeches 
He who dares to use the word " God " for such devilish activity blasphemes against Providence and , according to our belief , he cannot end except in destruction . 
-- Adolf Hitler 
kinsa naay bow sa violin ? nahurut na gyud ang buhok sa akong bow . 
needs a phsyciatrist ... 
trivia : unsa na una , itlog o manok . 
ans . According to the law of evolution , some species of bird like therapods evolved into some common species of birds . It could be possible that the " manok " was first due to adaptation but adaptation rarely occurs while a species is still in the peak of life . So the answer is " ITLOG " . this is knowlede brought to you by Violinking . please leave a comment . 
gutum ... 
where can i find mercury ? any scientist or teacher or professor there who knows where to find mercury ? i need it now 
i miss Spain ... 
OBJECTION !!!!! 
Bata : Ma , nagtest gud mi ganiha . about sa mga manok . 
Mama : pila man imong score ? 
Bata : itlog . 
di ko mka fb for 1 week , wish me luck this 11|10|10 SLC regionals 
SLC regionals this 11/10/10 ... 
wa pa ko ka study . 
Por que ? Por que me estoy muy tonto a ecribir a ? Estoy moriando ? Yo no saba ... 
kabuak na sad ko ... 
ugma na jud ang SLC ... i can imagine the faces of all those contenders shocked by my virtuousity as a genius . 
" If George Bush had Dick Cheney's first name , his name would be Dick Bush , and i'll tell you I'd listen a lot more of his speeches . " 
Peter Griffin 
here i am now , enjoying my last minutes of freedom ... 
Announcment : 
It is now approved by the president that you must apply for a liscence to talk to me or see me ... 
yo John : 
mag espanyol ta bay , pasuya ba ... 
Bullshit maning Google Chrome uy ! Paspas lgi pero dli kaload ug website . 
Achtung , baby ! Today , we play it my way . 
unsay tambal sa sore-eyes ?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? 
knahanlan nako karun ! 
Work ! Those who not work do not deserve to eat . If you have something you want , do it with your own strength . But have faith . The last one to smile is the diligent and earnest one . 
Happy New Year sa akung mga kagamhanang mga kaila ! maytag kakita mo ug trabaho karung 2011 ... 
is currently practicing exorcism . 
kinds of rock bands : 
classic rock :( no singer)electric violin with disortion amplifier and piano 
british rock : voice , electric guitar , bass , drums , violin , and cello 
american rock : voice , electric guitar , bass , drums , ( violin optional ) 
punk rock : voice , 2 electric guitar , drums 
metal : voice , 2 electric guitars , bass , drums 
insane : electric violin with distortion amplifier , electric guitar , bass , drums 
Ophiuchus nko ? I don't even know what it is ... 
your opinion of me is a coldhearted " soon to be " prosecutor with piercing eyes that sends someone confessing his sins(someone is mr. toot everybody ) , and as a possesed violinist with a daemon on my side that makes me play on a superhuman scale ... I'm just a kid , you got a problem with that ? 
daghan-daghan na akng fans . from now on all my fans are called Ninoholics ... 
all my skeptics are called Anti-Nino ... and all who don't know me are called Old Timers ... 
naa nako GTA 4 , but it still won't beat my memories with GTA Vice City and San Andreas ... 
Don't think , feel . It is like a finger pointing a way to the moon . Don't concentrate on the finger , or you'll miss all the heavenly glory . 
Bruce Lee 
Enter the Dragon 
Who wants a trip to hell ? 
My treat . 
its really hard if you accidentally sold your soul to the devil you know ... 
take it from me . 
If only Facebook had a hate button ... 
Ang lalaki na naglalaro ng Military Games tulad ng SF at CF ang mga sporty , ang naglalaro ng Strategy games tulad ng DOTA ay brainy , ang parating nag FB ay social , ang wala talaga dito , bakit nyo pa ba tinatawag iyong mga sarili na lalaki ? 
nag Noche Buena mi 9:30 ... 
? ' ????? ?????? ­ ?????? ­ ?????? ­ ????? ­ ?????? ­ ??????? ­ ???? ­ ??? ­ ???????? ­ ?????? ­ ?????? ­ ?????? ­ ???????? ­ ???? ­ ???? ­ ??? ­ ??????? ­ ????? ­ ???????? ­ ????????? ­ ???? ­ ???????? ­ ?????? ­ ?????? ­ ????? ­ ?????? ­ ???? ­ ??????? ­ ????????! 
is studying for the Bar Exam this coming 2019 , Taxation Law pa ... 
hejejeje , so you think you've won ... 
