Oh that's right ! I remember why I like music more than I like people . Music's always there , now isn't it ? 
I'm BAAAAAAAACK ... the world can now end . This is the first sign of the apocalypse ( the next is me seeing Lady Gaga without trying to kill her ) 
Well that was a craptastic day 
I need to stop being sick . And broke . And addicted to things that cost money . Oh well ... here's to my bestest friends who make life fun despite all the above ! 
Concert tonight !!! Everyone come hear us perform the infamous Friede auf Erden ! 
What a .... weird break . I need things to be normal , please . 
I LOVE CHOIR !!!!! 
You know you're messed up when a day without a nap is more rare than a night without sleep 
Love is the worst idea we've ever come up with . It's like a bad joke that everyone tries to laugh at , just to keep up appearances . 
Yay ! I'm 20 !! :D 
So , apparently Voltaire drank like 50 to 70 cups of coffee a day . This explains SO MUCH to me . 
is out of cigarettes and cash . My life sucks . 
* sigh * another sleepless night , but ... AH MADE PEANUT BUTTAH FUDGE ! 
I'm bored . And I want a cigarette . 
You know what ? God is good . That's all I have to say . 
There is a vision of the Orient that I have ... 
What a crazy day ... I was sick , and I seriously feel like I've been in another country for a year . 
It's seriously like Winne the Pooh and the Blustery Day out there ! 
You know , I was thinking ... it'd be really ironic to sing tenor in " I'll make a man out of you " wouldn't it ? 
Best poetry reading EVER today ! Funny , witty , intelligent , and appealing - 10 out of 9 stars from me ! 
Theeeeee boatmen dance , the boatmen sing , the boatmen up to anything ... 
9-hour rehearsal + no sleep + dramamine = brzklmitzn 
Joseph Smith was called a prophet , dum dum dum dum dummmmmm 
Everyone please be aware : my cellphone is in another city . If you want to hang out during break , facebook me or call me at home :) 
the art of losing's not too hard to master 
though it may look like ( Write it ! ) like disaster . 
Home home home :D I'm happy to have a few days of break 
