is happy about how my life is so unpredictable .. 
finally UTs r ovr !! 
today was soo awesome ! 
is bored 
finally sst is ovr ! (sigh ! ) at least 1 dwn ! 
today wasn't that bad as i thought it would be :) 
practicals khatam toh pre-board ki chinta ... when will this end !!! 
can't wait for tomorrow !! 
having gr8 fun !!!! 
why is it that whenevr you don't want to do sumthing but you just unintentionally do it and keep feeling guilty over it ??????????????????????? : ? 
everytime i sit on the net to start the holiday homework i end up spending my time on facebook and youtube 
Finally INDEPENDEnCE from Hindi !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
life could never get any better ! 
eveRyone FOL ! 
RAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
only 3 more days to go and then back to old routine . i just don't want these days to get over :( 
I'm learning real skills that I can apply throughout the rest of my life ... Procrastinating and rationalizing 
what's d use of being most advanced species on earth if i can't get rid of a half dead single celled bacteria ! 
carpe-diem ! 
The most noblest work of god ? 
MAN 
who found it ? 
man ! Anjali Masters 
HAPPY FRIENDSHIP DAY EVERYONE !!!! 
is officially in commerce !! yay !! :) 
is happy out of no reason :) 
best example of time management- its 9pm and i have to do acounts assignment , make questionaire for eco project , have maths hw nd have to submit all this work the next day and here i am sitting on facebook .... soooo time concious 
FINALLY SIXTEEEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is missing schooolllll !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
its tuesday and i'am tired of this week already ...... gosh when will the summmer hols start ! 
finally the weekend i'ave been waiting for !!!! 
4pm-trying to solve the rubik cube 
after one hr .... 
still solving it 
after 3 hrs .... solved one side completely except one block ... well can call it an achievement .. somewhat .... 
its never too late to change 
Dhriti Dasgupta-if there was one person whom i would consider of making anyone laugh then it would surely be u :) 
why is it that whenevr i am having a great dream someone wakes me up but when i am having the nightmare of my dreams i am left to suffer in it ?? :( 
HAKUNA MATATA ! 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky r like shooting stars , 
i could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now ....................... 
everyone should stop teasing justin beiber ....... she has feelings too ! 
some things just don't change 
why can't there be a bandh for an entire week ! 
some things r soo bizzare that u just can't understand them ! 
Can't wait for tomorrow !!! 
take away d sunshine , 
n give me some rain , 
give me another chance , 
to dance in d rain ! 
A smile is a curve that can set a lot of things straight . :) 
11 C ROCKS ! n its all becuz of u guys !! Hemangini Pande , Anjali Masters , Meher Soni , aishwarya kumar , Ronika Sriram , Ridhima Bagga , Sanika Minhas 
missing schooooollll !!!! hate u stupid throat infection ! 
small things like meeting one's childhood friend after 10 years can make one's day ! :) 
The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch and swing with , never say a word , and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had . 
giving a bonus is like giving a " cheeze to a rat " Nell Elizabeth Dhriti Dasgupta 
FREAKY FRIDAY ! Aakriti Jain Arundhatee Deb Dhriti Dasgupta 
Merry christmas everyone ! :) 
