i love lazy days ...... 
i miss my friends 
is uber pissed ! 
the fog was so pretty today . it looked like the earth took a deep breath and sighed into the cold air 
Merry Christmas !!!! 
i think i actually want to go back to not being able to speak . ( or maybe i just want a reason to complaine ) 
ugh . waiting ......... 
freak out , let it go . 
larangitus is evil 
ugh . yawn . BORED !!!!! 
I need a freaking , get away from everything , adventurous vacation . A change from the monotony of my life for a while , just something new ! ugh i'm so bored !!! 
missing all my friends . wishing for fairytales . waiting impatiently . 
Yawn 
Ugh . bladdy blagh blagh 
ugh .... so bored ! wish i had worked today 
yay . no work today 
hi ho hi ho off to the mall i go ...... 
ugh !!! i'm tired of shelving books ! i think i need a vaca ......... 
I am tired of people taking the gifts I give them , pretending to love it , then giving back to me a month later . at least give it to somebody else that can use it 
omgeesh im tired . movie making is hard work . 
can we do it again tomorrow ? 
thinking that if i have this hard of a time and worry this much over dogs . i really shouldn't have kids 
yay ! house all to myself tonight . freedom ! 
yay ! i survived another week ! now if only i can remember what i'm supposed to do tomorrow today will be perfect :) 
i really dont want to play nice , perky store clerk today . 
I just went my first whole day with no painkillers ! :D 
i hate when im right in the middle of a really good dream and something wakes me up , and no matter what i do i cant seem to find the dream again to finish it . 
and now ..... i'm bored ... 
im stuck in the car with the grump singing about sunshine and granny eating fish because the car battery died .... and i have no book to entertain myself . 
i think i think about stuff that doesn't matter too much ... 
Saw this on a bumper sticker today , " If you're going to ride my ass , at least buy me dinner first . " ha ha wow 
does anybody know how to put music on a facebook profile ? 
why does everything have to be complicated ? 
yay ! weekend fun with dani :) 
yum ! maple peanut butter pancakes . couldnt find a spatula so they looked a little discombobulated , and i managed to singe all my fingers , but they still tasted great :) according to the ' rentals anyway 
Haunted house tonight ! Yay ! a-haunting I will go .... 
my brain keeps going in circles ... 
I am now out of surgery and back home . Man im tired . 
Ha ha ! my silly cat just rolled over and fell off a chair and landed on her butt . wish i'd recorded it ... 
tired of waiting for .... something 
kinda just want to play with dekker for the better part of the day 
tired , bored , slightly frustrated and i think im floating on a teeny weeny sugar buzz .... 
I am so freaking bored . 
i really shouldn't be aloud to get bored ....... i end up going quiz crazy , and annoying myself . 
i want to go on a roadtrip , with my friends . we always said we would but we never did . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
today i saw a family of hawks circling my yard . it was breathtaking ... i love nature :) one of the hawks even flew right over my head 
Today is going to be an awesome day :) 
never again will i try veggie hot dogs(shiver ) 
Why does everybody always worry about what everyone else is thinking about what they do , or say , or think ? Either the other person isn't studying you that hard or they don't really give a rats ass , so move on and get over it ! 
butterflies dont listen very well ..... 
Why does technology never work when you need it to ? 
yay ! gym ! is it sad that im excited to get back to the gym ? 
Yay ! Math is fun .... 
i so just wanna stay home and sleep . why did i agree to the morning shift the day after halloween ?! 
My mom keeps singing this one song and now its stuck in my head and i don't know all the words , so it's like this short track playing in my head . 
going to a party with little squirts ...... lets hope i dont go insane . 
tired ! 
and frazzled 
and worried 
happy squeally moment ! i think ill be giddy all day :D 
tired of judgemental people . who are we imperfect people with all our own issues to judge ? 
frazzled doesnt even begin to cover it ..... 
first day of college tomorrow :) 
God please dont let me get lost ..... 
tests tomorrow 
one week til college . scared out of my mind !!!! :) 
wanting something exciting and different ..... 
i just don't know what ... 
i seriously need to get my license .... 
hate feeling blah 
i want to do something different from what i normally do but have absolutely no idea what ? 
so bored now , missing my friends , and ....... 
Are all men procrastinators , or just the ones I am around ? 
Why does doing things that are good for you make everything hurt ? 
I really dont wanna be stuck at home for a month . Stupid arm . Why must u need surgery ! :( 
wishing i could listen to music all day , and make mixes . 
today so rocked ! 
i think i'm cursed with bad taste ..... and timing . 
Why is it people always seem to panic when one little thing goes wrong ? 
wish it would snow 
just 2 days til movie magic ! i am so freaking nervous/excited !! :) 
i never have time to just read anymore . its kinda sad 
ready to learn/do something new ...... 
why does every body act sooooo surprised when i cuss ? 
i just got through registering for the winter Quarter at chattahoochee . took me a freaking hour ! evil technology . 
easily distracted by , oooooh ! shiny !..... what was i saying ? 
so freaking bored ! i need to get my license so i can drive somewhere 
i feel like i do the same thing every day .... wake up , go to the gym , go to work/school , come home , go to sleep . ( with a few changes here and there ) 
back to school :) 
i feel the need to go party like crazy 
I love it when borders sends me free things :D 
I really do think music = life . If I didn't have music i would probably be considered clinically insane by now . 
why is it that i always seem to get sick on hollidays or vacations ? 
" freak out and let it go ... " 
All day yesterday i was complaining about whiny people . So basically i've been being whiny about whiny people ......... wow ha ha 
i freaking love snow ! its so awesome ! 
i wish it would rain again 
My arm is still frustratingly numb :( 
why do people always have such a hard time just being themselves ? 
also saw , " how can i miss you if you won't go away ? " 
we just got through watching spooky movies and being chased by a psycho bug and playing cards , dani looks at me and says , " 3 behind you . " i stare at her like a horrified owl , " theres what behind me ?! " lol . she was talking bout the cards .... heh . 
i am so bored . 
awesome snowball fight with nick ! haven't had a decent one since i was like 16 ^.^ 
names are so cool . where they came from , why we use specific ones , its just cool 
Looks like its gonna be a beautifully awesome day ! 
The borders on eastwest is closing !! This is a fate worse than death ! 
My cat just had a sneezing fit , which my mother interpreted as being something horribly wrong with the cat ...... 
Yay ! I get to go to work today ! :) 
 ? ½Ever had that clueless moment when somebody says about u " oh yeah , we were just talking about that " and u nod like u completely know what the person mean 
 ? ½s , but inwardly u r thinking " huh ? " 
Today is going to be awesome ! 
Today so rocked :D 
Sledding on sheetmetal with family is fun :) 
Tomorrow will be absolutely amazing ! No matter what its made up of :D 
Its strange how we dont seem to realize how much something will hurt til it actually happens 
I really dont like being bullied , or have the customers throw names around to get their way . 
Tonight was just so great ! I have the best goofballs in the world for friends ! 
hospital trips are not fun 
Redlights are evil 
 ? ®Why do people have to get so pissed off and depressed about stuff they cant control or help when there is so much good stuff in life ? I just dont underst 
 ? ®and how they can stay so angry ... 
Today was really not the best day to wear a skirt .... 
Sometomes i really do wonder what the heck im doing ? Is it possible to go through a " midlife crises " prematurely ? 
Why do i keep having arguments with the weather ? I never win ! :) 
Omgeesh ! No more pain killer inflicted dizzyness please ! 
I love it when a new recipe is successful :) 
I wish people , myself included , would finish or accomplish what they say they are going to do . 
How do we get so mean , how do we just move on ? How do we feel in the morning when it comes , and everythings undone ? 
" i have a loveryly bunch of coconuts , de diddly de , there they are astanding in a row ... " for some strange reason that song is stuck in my head 
did anyone else play in the rain this morning ? 
kermit is so wrong . it is super easy to be green ! 
I think im beginning to detest my job . Nothing ever gets accomplished ! I feel like im going in circles . 
Wow ! Everybody should just turn off the lights and look at the moon . It looks awesome ! Kinda like in bruce almighty .... 
yay ! i love sundays ! i feel giddy ! 
And ....... Im bored 
Why am i such a freaking chicken ? Its really frustrating 
I loved today :) 
i CAN do ALL things through Christ who strengthens me . 
" .... I dont wanna let fear rule my life . I dont wanna live like my father , i dont wanna give up before i die " 
Did anybody else get woken up about 5 this morning ? That storm was freakin brutal last night 
Coordinating things with a bunch of people is hard 
Im bored . Perpetually bored it seems . If it weren't so late i would run around the block or something ...... 
I never realized how much fantasia is not a kids movie til now .... 
This must be my week for weird dreams . This is the 3rd night in a row that i dreamed and can actually remember the details .... 
It doesnt really feel like valentine's day 
I am both happy and sad to be going back to school tomorrow 
My cat is weird . She sounds like a pigeon when she snores 
