The bad thing about being a Monday , is being a Monday after a holiday and have to go to work ! 
Tired and sunburned from going to the waterpark yesterday ! By the way , do you know Mexico beat U.S in the final Gold Cup ? 5-0 !! Feeling good ! 
My baby , David , is five years old today !! I can't believe how much he has grown ! And he sta he started school yesterday . He is having a blast ! 
DO NOT ACCEPT A FRIEND REQUEST FROM A CHRISTOPHER BUTTERFIELD . HE IS A HACKER . TELL EVERYONE ON YOUR LIST BECAUSE IF ONE OF YOUR FRIEND'S ADDS HIM AS A FRIEND , HE WILL GET YOUR COMPUTER'S ID AND ADDRESS . SO LET EVERYONE KNOW - COPY AND PASTE THIS ON YOUR WALL 
Con esta agua , un buen cafecito y a disfrutar la lluvia ! 
Spend an awesome day with Rebecca at the Dallas Heritage Village ! Tired !! See you tomorrow ! 
aguas con el tornado !! corran ! 
Ahh ! que flojera trabajar cuando esta nevando y haciendo frio !! pues ni modo !! 
Can you believe how hot is today ? and still have three more months to go ! 
6 more weeks of winter !! 
Is it Monday already ? and my kid sick w/strep , i guess it is Monday already !! 
Can't wait for tomorrow to go see " The Phantom of the Opera " , so exciting !!! :) 
" REENCUETRO MARANATHA Viernes 30 Abril 1 y 2 de Mayo 2010 ¿Naciste entre el 65 y 80 ? ¿Quieres reencontrar a tus cuates del Camp , Maranatha ? ¿Te acuerdas ? “Te alaben todos los pueblos ” “Se lleno de amargura mi alma ” ¿Quieres revivir aquellos momentos de campamento ahora con toda tu familia y la familia de los ex-Marana ...... tha ? solicita Informes nuevopacto@hotmail.com corre la voz " 
my baby girl is seven years old today !!! aww !! Happy B-day , Rebecca !! Mommy loves you so much !! 
" With regard to excellence , it is not enough to know , 
but we must try to have and use it . " Aristotle 
Spent the day with my daughter on her field trip to " Texas Discovery Gardens " , saw butterflies and turtles , but the best view ... my daughter's joy because her mom was there ! Making every day count !! 
I just dropped my earphones in my coffee ! :( 
" Think left and think right and think low and think high . Oh , the thinks you can think up if only you try ! " 
— Dr. Seuss 
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . ” 
Dr. Seuss 
i am slowly but surely losing my voice :( 
Somebody hacked into my hotmail account and sent emails asking for money ! :( 
I just deleted the account but if you received an email : sorry and delete it !! it wasn't me !! 
Can't believe is Sunday already !! Not chose for grand jury , getting sick and tomorrow Monday , ugh !! wondering what my new schedule will be !! :s 
Javier " chicharito " Hernández y Javier " chuletita " Orozco están dentro de los cinco mejores goleadores del mundo , segun la FIFA !!! k tal ?? 
Rain , wind , temperature dropping down ! it is beginning to feel like autum ! Love it ! Too bad I still at work but ... come on 8 !! :)) 
Fake (+) (+) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) and even Grandmas \o/ \o/ , Big ( • )( • ) or small (.) (.) save them ALL !!!!! REPOST for Breast Cancer Awareness ? 
ICHANGED 
MY PROFILE PICTURE IN SUPPORT OF THIS CALL : Changeyour facebook profile 
picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is to end violence ... against children . STAND UP AGAINST CHILD ABUSE pls gu ... ys do this .... 
Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . It's national " daughters week " so if you have a beautiful daughter that you love with all your heart , copy and paste this to your wall :) Love you , Becky !! 
I am almost there , to call it a day !! 
need to win the lottery ! 
Mexico vs . Angola . Quien gana , cual es tu pronostico ? Who wins , what's the score ?? make your predictions !! 
Love is patient and kind . Love is not jealous or boastful or proud or rude . It does not demand its own way . It is not irritable , and it keeps no record of being wrong . It does not rejoice about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out . Love never gives up , never loses faith , is always hopeful , and endures through every circumstance . 
Sabritones , salsa valentina y un cafecito bien caliente !! que mas puedo pedir ? 
Need Big Cup of Coffee !! 
I should have stayed at home today !! 
A son will out grow your lap .... But never your heart !!! It's " Sons Week " 
If you have a son who makes your life interesting and fun , has been a 
blessing in your life , and makes your life worth living by just being 
around , copy and paste this to your status ...???? 
is Glad is Friday , the only thing that might make it better is being 8:00 p.m. Happy Friday everyone !!! 
My brother's birthday is today !! Happy Birthday Obed , love you !! 
... just say you'll love me for the rest of my life .. or i can't go on . 
Can't get that song out of my head !! 
Countdown has begun !!! less than 24 hours for the start of the World Cup !!! 
Mexico , Mexico !!!! 
34 DAYS UNTIL THE WORLD CUP !!! 
Is it 8 o'clock yet ?? 
BROTHERS 
WEEK ... If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , 
stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw 
you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , or made you strong , 
someone you can't do without , copy and paste this to your status . 
parece que va a llover ... el cielo se esta nublando ... 
Seleccionados : 1 Oscar PEREZ ; 13 OCHOA ; 23 Luis MICHEL ; 2 Francisco RODRIGUEZ ;3 Carlos SALCIDO ; 4 Rafael MARQUEZ ; 5 Ricardo OSORIO ; 12 Paul AGUILAR ; 15 Hector MORENO ; 16 Efrain JUAREZ ; 19 Jonny MAGALLON ; 6 Gerardo TORRADO ; 8 Israel CASTRO ; 18 Andres GUARDADO ; 20 Jorge TORRES ; 7 Pablo BARRERA 
9 Guillermo FRANCO ; 10 Cuauhtemoc BLANCO ; 11 Carlos VELA ; 14 Javier HERNANDEZ 
17 Giovani DOS SANTOS ; 21 Adolfo BAUTISTA ; 22 Alberto MEDINA 
One more hour to go !!! Come on Weekend !!! whooohooo !!! 
Finished another day at work , time to go to .... rest ?? i still have laundry and cleaning to do !! ugh !! what rest ??? l-) 
15 min !!! come on !! 
29 days until the World Cup !!! 
Life itself is hard . Get over it !!! and don't blame others . 
Does anybody knows the lottery winning number ?? i really need them ! no .. really ! ;P 
Happy Earth Day !! were you green today ? 
True Friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship , and pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ... 
Repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this 
Si se acuerdan de esta ... siguele !! Señor ! yo te pido un milagro . Pero no , no que se abra el mar en dos , tampoco quiero yo volver un rio sangre , ni que de horno de fuego me libres ... Señor ... 
Mexico vs . Senegal , quien gana y por cuanto ??? hagan sus predicciones !! 
Happy Friday everyone !!! 
6 more days to the World Cup !! yay !!! 
This is definitively Monday !! it has been a long day , can't wait until 8 !! 
I just saw my little boy graduating from pre-K . Awww !! i can believe he is growing so much !! Mommy loves you so much , David !! 
Happy Friday , fb family !!! you heard that ??? It's Friday !! whoohooo !! 
39 days to world cup !! 
One more hour to go !!! Come on weekend !!! yay !! 
Having a terrible headache since yesterday !! 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! Do not join the group currently on Facebook with thetitle " Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life " Itis a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was onFoxNews at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe !! 
GO MEXICO !!!! VIVA MEXICO !! SI SE PUDO !! Y VAMOS POR MAS !!! 
Good thing i did not took my dog out !! Love the rain !! 
3 more days until the World Cup !!!! can't wait !! 
Strangers in the night exchanging glances ... wondering in the night what are the chances .. love that song !! 
Happy Wednesday fb family !! Today is the first day of Fall !! Can't wait to see the color changing in the trees ! 
20 dias para el mundial !!! ah ... y para el cumple de Damaris tambien ! 
I've had the movie Dear John since the first day of the month and still not able to watch it . I think I just need to return it and forget about it ! 
Finally saw the movie " Dear John " not really what i expected . I think it was just blah ! 
Looks and sounds like a big thunderstorm is coming ... we'll see !! 
Doing my civil duty on Friday . I got call for Jury Duty , hopefully get early dismissal ! lots of things to do ! 
Al parecer sera Mexico contra Argentina para los octavos de final , esperemos que Mexico de mejor actuacion y llegar mas alla del quinto partido . Si se puede !!! 
Happy Father's Day to all , but most thankful for my dad that has been the image of God the Father for me , here on earth ! Thank you because he has taught me that love , grace and mercy looks like . May God bless you and keep you for many more years , daddy !! Love you always ! 
Esta lloviendo !!! It is raining !!! OMG !! Nice ... 
30 more minutes and I am off for the weekend !! A 4-day weekend I may add !! yipee !! 
Come on 8 !! 
ok , i was just coming back from lunch , when i got of my car and I think to myself : ok , it is not raining that hard . I got out of the car and whoosh , I am soaking wet !!! r u kidding me ?? 
Can't believe it !!! Brazil is OUT !!! My money is on Spain or Argentina , what about you ?? 
This last hour is soooooo slow !! come on 8 !! 
Greece giving a great game ! Neutralizing Argentina so far ! Good game ! 
I'm out !!! c ya !! 
Cleaning , cooking , laundry , kids ... i thought today was supposed to be my day off !! :s 
To all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , 
salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late 
nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and WOULD NOT 
change a thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care 
... about ... whatever they gave up , instead LOVE what they get in return . Repost this if you're a mom and LOVE your KID(S)See More 
My daddy's birthday today !! Happy b-day , daddy !! May God keep you and bless you always !! Thank you for all your love and your prayers !! Love you very much !! And also , Happy Aniversary !! Que Aguante !! ja , ja !! 
GOING HOME FOR THE WEEKEND !!! 
Happy Tuesday fb family !! have a blessed day ... and don't forget , this is a 3-day weekend !! Looking forward to it already !! 
Enjoyind my day off ! Well ... it would help if mom and sister had not scheduled my day already ! : 0 
It is Friday !!! whohooo !!! might be going to Galveston this weekend !! gonna get me a sunrise and sunset !! hope it doesn't rain ! Happy Friday fb family !!! 
... Que Digan que estoy dormido , y que me traigan a ti , Mexico lindo y querido , si muero leeeeeejos de ti !!! VIVA MEXICO !!! 
Kids finally off to school ! Let my Friday begin !! for everone else ... happy Monday !! 
September is Cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it . Put this this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer 
A lot of thunder , and then heavy rain but it only lasted for a moment ! :( I hope more still to come ... 
Why the bad weather has to happen on my days off ! grr ! 
Tomorrow is Christmas Eve !! ahhh ! where did the whole year go ?? We just went trick or treating yesterday and did the Easter Egg hunt last wk !!! ... or so it seem :s 
cuando veas esto nunca te vas a tronar los dedos de vuelta , yo por lo menos nunca mas :S http://apps.facebook.com/dedosconsecuencia/ 
At The age of 4 : Mom knows everything At 8 : Mom knows a lot At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist At 18 : She’s old fashioned At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this At . 75 : wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world ? 
Happy Friday fb family !!! Can you believe we have a 3-day weekend !! I don't know yet what I am going to do but at least I know there won't be a 6:30 a.m alarm sounding tomorrow !!! Have a blessed day ! 
OMG facts : The average office desk has 400 TIMES more bacteria than a toilet . 
I LOVE MY SISTER WEEK ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! :) Love my sister , even when she drives me crazy !! 
I just finished watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy , can someone tell me why Frodo had to leave with Grandulf and the elves at the end ?? and why is Frodo the main character ? Sam was the one that made it all possible ? 
It is friday !! and i got my new work schedule !!! see how that works ! Happy friday everybody !!! 
No other religion in the world offers what Christianity does through Christ’s death on the cross ; it’s grace . Of course , in the end , what Christianity offers is not a religion at all but a relationship with God through Christ . 
Feliz Dia de la Raza !!! Celebraremos con el gane de la Seleccion a Venezuela !! 
... hot shower , check !, coffee , check !, movie , check ! ready for some r & r ! 
jury duty , can i make it to be grand jury ? hope so ! 
Viendo " La Hija del Mariachi " en mi break !! :) 
Week is over !!!! weekend here I go !!! :))) 
Week is over !!! 
Mi media naranja cumple años hoy !!! Muchas felicidades mi amor , y k el Señor te siga bendiciendo y te mantenga conmigo muchos años !!! Feliz cumple !!! 
I wish i could have stayed home today :( 
My son has his Christmas concert tonight !! Can't wait !! 
My weekend is here !! yay !! 
getting off work now !!! yay !!!! 
If u need to venture out ... be careful out there ! 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !! 
Wishing a very happy new year to everyone !!! May you have a blessed year ! 
My Daughter's birthday is today !! She is 8 yrs old now ! Happy b-day , Rebecca !! Love you lots and lots !! 
whoo . hhooo !!! let my days off begin !! 
im so hungryyyyy !! :( 
Schools are closed , I'm off work , very nasty outside , my hubby home too ... well I guess we'll make it a blockbuster day ! 
Wind chill advisory and hard freeze warning ! REMEMBER : VERY COLD TEMPERATURES MAY CAUSE UNINSULATED AND EXPOSED PIPES TO FREEZE AND BURST . TO PREVENT FREEZING OF PIPES ... WRAP ANY EXPOSED PIPES THAT ARE SUSCEPTIBLE TO FREEZING . ALLOW BOTH HOT AND COLD WATER FAUCETS TO SLOWLY DRIP ... ESPECIALLY FOR PLUMBING THAT FACES EXTERIOR WALLS . 
