chillin at home 
I love my Baby Boy Luke Albert 
i think im going to kill myself bcof luke 
chilling with my girls at the moment 
i need a new life new friends and new family 
sitting here with some friends at the moment chillin like a villin i love you guys But most of all I love Kayla 
with my baby 
Im so happy i have my best friend back in life this means alot to me 
missing my girl jolene lamey i love u girl call me 
worried 
i will never have a life to myself will i 
sitting here with my girl kayla i love you kayla 
Who were you in high school ? -- My Result : The Cheerleader . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/45720/referrals/status?aid=100001052210217 
im loving my new life 
i also lost jolene lamey i still love u girl 
not sure what im going to do today everyone wants to hang out 
How Black Are You ??? -- My Result : 2% . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/735260/referrals/status?aid=100001052210217 
waiting for my baby to get to my house its taking him forever 
chilling at peteys 
a girl u got pregnant back in march 
huh whats that cant believe a fuckin word that comes out of your mouth 
sitting here with my baby luke 
missing my baby LUCAS ALBERT I LOVE YOU SO MUCH 
no im not stupid in love 
is so in love right now i love you luke your my baby 
moving to a trailer soon out by peosta then to ames in a couple of months going to start a whole new life 
Hanging out with my girl Jolene Lamey . I love you girl . 
Thinking about my man Luke Albert I love you Baby 
are love is inseperable 
sitting at a friends thinking about luke 
" SWEET GYPSY QUEEN " 

Sweet , sweet sexy Gypsy Queen sunrises ' they come , sunsets ' they go : 
my love for you continues to grow . 
my heart is open for you , 
you can swallow the key ! 
radiant beautys ' heavy glow 
true love , so strong 
no opposing force will never control : 
lets ride out this tide 
fate equals us , just let it flow ! 
Lucas Albert 
08-23-10 
just chilling with some cool ass fuckin friends 
im back in dubuque thank god 
sitting here hoping and praying that everything is going well lucas albert my baby 
I just dont know what to say anymore about you luke i love you and care for you but you keep coming back after hurting me what am u surpose to think 
What Country Song Tells Your Story ? -- My Result : Love Story - Taylor Swift . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/274572/referrals/status?aid=100001052210217 
GOO COLTS BABY 
really kayla 
Hanging out with some friends right meow 
Sitting here chillen with some friends 
What kind of BITCH are you ? -- My Result : CLASSY BITCH . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/234027/referrals/status?aid=100001052210217 
chillin with some friends 
at home now 
going with kayla 
I was hanging out with my girl Jolene Lamey . Jolene you know your my girl . Now Im with Kayla . I luv yah girl 
waiting for my girl kayla too call me right away right meow 
sitting at home with my girls lol girls night 
sitting here cant move getting pist cause my femur and pelvis is broken 
soo whos melissa luke 
very depressed i lost kayla and regina who else now 
just sitting here chillin bored 
I may not be the most beautiful or sexiest girl , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyones 1st choice , but I am a great choice ! I don't pretend to be someone I'm not because I'm good at being me . I may not be proud of some of the things in my past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am , or watch me as I walk away !!! ( Post if you're proud of being YOU . ) 
welll now i know who my true friends are 
I LOVE MY BITCHES I LOVE MY BITCHES 
wow i really hate my fuckin life 
Why is it so fuckin cold out i hate this weather 
I cant believe that my brother doesnt want me in his life anymore . Thanks for making me cry lance 
just been missing someone very special in my life 
Do you people out there think i wanted this life . Do you think that i asked for this life . NOOO I didnt . I really hate my fuckin life right now . What i wish for right now is that when that truck hit me I wish it would have just killed me instead of making me this way . I just cant make anyone happy anymore 
i had a great time last night i am sooo happy 
i wish i could press reset and feel that feeling again 
which one of us is really dumb 
just got my facebook back 
what a fucked up day it is 
im sorry to say this but i feel as if i lost my best friend she never wants to hang out or call me anymore wow that hurts 
Love is as much of an object as an obsession , everybody wants it , everybody seeks it , but few ever achieve it , those who do will cherish it , be lost in it , and among all , never ... never forget it . 
Curtis Judalet 
The BOOK is started yay me 
still up second night in a row no sleep my baby aka dog is very sick nursing her back to health 
is it just me or is that no one can see me like im not even there im fading away 
had one of the best days of my life hanging out with Hannah she means everything to me . 
