Saints win !!!!!!!! 
Snow , snow , znow , and snow 
Go Saints !!!!!!! 
feelin sick XP 
Got A New Guitar !!!!!!! 
Found my NWA Straight Outta Compton 20th Anniversary CD yesterday got it on my ipod . listenin to it now . 
\x/ (¤.¤) \x/ 
Is it sad that i cant feel if there's something in my afro even if i put it in . 
IM IN A HOTEL AND DRINKIN FREE COFFEE . LIKE A BOSS 
Goin to Billy's house after swimmin in the pool while wearin a santa hat . 
4 words . 
This is a status . 
IM IN A HOTEL EATING FREE FOOD . LIKE A BOSS !!!!! 
when i tried to put hot sauce on my eggs it slipped and accidently put hot sauce on my fruit ....... still ate it . 
had to remove 3 ingrown toenails in both big toes yesterday . just took off the gauze and its ...... lets say its not the best veiw 
week long college tour today ! couldnt sleep much .... anxious . 
2nd College : Howard University 
SATURDAY !!!!!! 
First college : Morgan State University 
home from college road trip . it was great gonna try to upload the photos saturday 
I love how peaceful rainy days are . 
Change your FB Profile Picture to a Cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday December 6th . Support the fight against Child Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status !! 
eatin doughnuts and drinkin off brand kool aid .... best saturday ever .... so far 
Still havent found what im lookin for . 
my dad just found a baby bird in his basement any advice ? 
Im ridin in the back of a truck helpin my dad's friend move . btw im under a cpu table 
my dad called and said the bird died . 
finally finished my project . final word count : 700 . wow now im gonna try to upload the pics 
Its National Women Bringing You Sandwiches Day !!! just in time to cuz im gonna skip breakfast . 
Had a great saturday ! 
waitin for my nulites at this meeting . 
soaking my feet .... forgot if its for an hour or 30min ? listenin to the radio too . 
Great Day ! 
Today's gonna be a great day . 
of course im joking .... but if i say please could i get one . :D 
Just finished Lord of the Flies . One of the greatest book i've read so far . 
just got off the phone with my ex . and it makes me happy she and i are on good terms . 
Urban League Academy- Learn about topics and careers in the fields of Science , health and technology ---- earn up to 250$$$ ---- 
Cancelled my Myspace account and its a huge weight off my shoulders . wat a Great Weekend So Far . 
Yesterday i was informed that if i dont pay the ¢20 i owe for lunch i wont be a sophmore 2010-2011 
Go Friday !!! 
For all those who didnt know i was on the front page of the newspaper . and im not kidding 
i think its weird how some people get real serious over stuff on facebook 
Today is Coke Day !!! ( the soda that is ) 
Watchin Jackass 2 . 
They forgot about the other snake 
A little down , but gettin better . I got the ipod on shuffle and its workin . 
Just added Cx Stackz . kinda caught off gaurd he didnt tell " ME " he was on the Book . 
im 15 and thunder can still make me jump sometimes 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JMOh-cul6M 
Everbody needs to check out Google if they havent already . 
... bored XP 
Just got a shape up and my ' fro is lookin nice ..... now im just waitin for Christine ( Frenck ) to say somethin so we can start this argument again cuz i won last time . 
Egg Nog is basically Winter Milk 
Whose the black private ---- 
That's a sex machine to all the chicks ? Shaft ! 
Sho ' Your Right . 

Who is the man that would risk his neck for his brother man ? Shaft ! 
Can You Dig It ? 
Whose the cat that won't cop out 
When there's danger all about ? Shaft ! 
Right On . 
They say this cat Shaft is a Baaaaad mother 
Went to go see George Clinton and Parliment Funkadelic tonight . One funkin great concert . 2hr 30min of pure non stop funk . ( Weeee want the funk . Gotta have that funk . oww . ) 
paid my 20¢ ! Im a sophmore !!!! 
< a href = " http://verydemotivational.com/2010/04/18/demotivational-posters-paper/ " > < img title = " demotivational posters PAPER " src = " http://verydemotivational.files.wordpress.com/2010/04/129146964607983724.jpg " alt = " demotivational posters " / ></ a > < br / > see more < a href = " http://verydemotivational.com " ></ a > 
... my pick broke in english while it was in my afro . 
End of Freashman Year . Time to reflect on experiences , learn from mistakes , and try ur best to keep in touch . 
great day so far nice weather , just finished helping a friend move , had some cookies , on our way to wendy's , but unfortunatly a banana busted in my pocket just as soon as things were goin my way T.T 
* Yawn * 
Happy 234th America !!!! 
Im cravin some purple drank 
Dark Chocolate Reese's: Breakfast For Today 
Eminem- I just have one more demand . 
Man- We're not changing the name to " Eminem Shut Up and Drink It " 
* Eminem throws guy off roof * 
Eminem- THIS IS WHY I DON'T DO COMMERCIALS ! 
ow 
Owls . 
Three Stooges On IFC 
Arnold Palmers are the best drinks ever . \m/ (-~-) 
Poop 
Yep . I'm a helper 
Any feedback on slicked back afro because I'm contemplating on wether or not to where it tomorrow . 
The Slash reveal made me realize something . How long until we get Rick-Rolled during the halftime show ? 
A guy walks into a bar , orders 12 shots and starts drinking them as fast as he can . 
The bartender asks , " Dang , why are you drinking so fast ? " 
The guy says , " You would be drinking fast , too , if you had what I had . " 
The bartender asks , " What do you have ? " 
The guy says , " 75 cents . " 
Its been a long time coming , but it's Viewtiful Joe time . 
Viewtiful Joe 
Platform : Game Cube 
Genre : Action/Platformer 
Awards : 2003 Game of the Year 
Status : Completed 
Yeeeeeeaah 
Achievement Unlocked : 
Completing Government in Action Paper . 45G 
At Panera . Brandon is clapping very loudly and I almost broke a lamp . I say we have 15 mins before we are asked to leave 
