Oh , the ambition of the bored . ( Attempting to find Chris Bain's facebook page ) 
Has anyone ever really been far as decide to use go want to do look more like ? 
I feel very narcissistic with the recent posts here .... I feel the need to give to charity or some non-profit orginization O.o 
Now obsessed with Chris Colfer's version of Defying Gravity :D 
DFTBA- Damn facebook , to bloody addicting :D 
Anyone else on The Ning ? 
i'm in short shorts right now , am i crazy ? i don't think it's that cold ... :/ 
Facebook , I know we only met a couple days ago , but I feel comfortable saying this to you . You do NOT need to notify me when I comment on my own posts :| 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works ! 
lol there are " mafia war " and " my little pony " ads on my page . i'll stick around facebook , you keep sucking just enough to stay interesting :D 
is it a good idea to microwave a baby ? 
we elfes try to stick to the four main food groups ; candy , cany canes , candy corn , and syrup ! 
IT'S FRIDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 !!! 1one !!!! 1 !!!!!!! eleven 
What are you people doing on facebook ? go spend time with your family ! 
oh , the holidays ; taking faily members to court to force them to get psychological help , angry phone calls , senile relatives . you know what usually happens when you get the family together :D 
http://www.youtube.com/user/missamykr429 pleeeeeeeease watch some of these videos , they really make you smile and see just how loving and lovely people and life are . You should start with this one ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QVQSZA9zSk 
Just drew a picture of holden caulfield :D ( I think it's pretty good ) Holden is my own personal edward cullen :3 
Happy New Year Everyone ! 
Just asked someone out today , got shot down because I fail at this XD ( starts making a list of 100 things that make me smile ) I'm not depressed * twitch * 
playing pico date sim 2(with hacks of course ) 
Admiration is the furthest thing from understanding . 
I don't love you anymore > I would lie if I say > That I still love you the way I always did . > I am sure > That nothing was in vain > I feel inside of me > That you mean nothing to me > I could never say > That I'm feeding a huge love > I feel more and more that>I'm forgetting you > And I will never use this phrase > I love you>I'm sorry , but I must tell the truth . > NOW READ IT THE OTHER WAY 
School is CANCELLED due to heavy snow YES !!!!!! ( happy dance ) 
? listen to your heart , even though its on your left , its always right ? 
is imagining people with googly eyes . 
a scratched diamond is much more wanted that a perfect pebble 
Please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS .... 93% won't Copy and Paste this . Will you make this your status for at least one hour ? 
can anyone post problems 26-62 even on page 381 for me ? my textbook spontaniously burst into flames . i swear to god . 
I know the comment I left for you may have been a little harsh Facebook , but you don't need to put so many weight loss ads on my page .... 
s-n-o-w day ! whoo-hoo ! 
thats's what she said 
is in Narnia . 
will tie your shoe for you . 
I am a gay cat , nya ~ :3 
Hug someone today , you don't even have to know them ! :D 
I don't love you anymore I would lie if I say That I still love you the way I always did I am sure That nothing was in vain I feel inside of me That you mean nothing to me I could never say That I'm feeding a huge love I feel more and more that I'm forgetting you And I will never use this phrase I love you I'm sorry . But I must tell the truth . NOW READ IT UPWARDS 
i left a dollar bill in my pants while i washed them 
oh god , i just laundered money 
Knock knock 
hey , if anyone tries to chat me and i don't repond , send me a message . i respond to all chats while i'm online and around my computer , i'm not ignoring you , i think my chat is bugging . 
fortune cookie says : " Love is a warm fire to keep the sould warm . " 
huh <3 
“Is God willing to prevent evil , but not able ? Then he is not omnipotent . Is he able , but not willing ? Then he is malevolent . Is he both able and willing ? Then whence cometh evil ? Is he neither able nor willing ? Then why call him God ? ” ~ Epicurus 
dum-de-dum ... just brownin ' YourPants 
makin ' chai tea ~ :3 
watching animals eat other animals alive is kind of scary ... 
kiss parts of me , i'm part irish 
what can i do with ten tiny bells ? 
this is why puncuation is important ; 
" Let's eat , Grandpa ! " 
" Let's eat Grandpa ! " 
" whoa , chill . take a coupon " * holds up a coupon for tampons 
BREATHING IS MY THING 
you know , there are two types of people in the world ; those who can extrapolate from incomplete data 
happy zombie-jesus day , everyone ! :D 
( Insert mom joke here ) 
i have about a million tabs open right now , most have something to do with kittens 
who likes the lil ' lil ' duckies in the pond ? i do , i do , i do . pachika quack quack 
bleeeh , don't like gettin up before 3 in the afternoon ... e_e 
John Green's new book , The Fault in Our Stars , is available for pre-order ! :D every pre-ordered copy will be hand-signed by John himself ! 
http://dft.ba/-dunDunDUNN !!!! 
Just got a new phone for my birthday ! :D 
Know how to play elephant gun on ukulele now :D 
I know how to play two songs on ukulele now , yay ! Makin ' some headway ! :D 
must .. stop .. reading ... homestuck ... hnnnnnng 
Holy crap ... I posted a comment on Nyan Cat 2 a couple month ago about listening to the bel-air theme while watching it , and now it's like a mini-meme ! :D * iamagod 
Aaahh ~ Sleeping until the afternoon in nice ~ -w- <3 
WHAT IS THIS ? ^^^ What is this tiny add , Facebook ? Are you TRYING to lose to Google+ now ? 
went to movies at the square and raindrops kept falling on my head 
........ 3 inches :| 
Does anyone remember how they learned what the spacebar did ? Or how they learned that fire was hot ? o_o I don't 
My color is Purple ! 
Do I like it ? - no 3 : 
Would I dye my hair this color ? - no 3 : 
Food- Eggplant ! I like eggplant :3 
Animal- erm ... flying purple people eaters ? 
Like and ill give YOU a color 
i am seriously finding videos about US history more entertaining then reading frankenstien e_e bluh 
Snuffbumble ! 
... like if you're asleep 
> evolving pokemon 
PSSHHH 
> puts on shorts 
1 Pre AP Chemistry 
2 Digital Photography 
3 AP World History 
4 Pre AP Eng 10 
7 Orchestra 
8 Pre AP Algebra II 

so i guess , 6th period lunch ? 
Which would be a better investment , a trumpet or a laptop ? 
" So what did you do all summer ? " 
" I ..... Homestuck . " 
JAISUS , i appearently have 7 dimples ! 
You're a Pokemon trainer . Here are the rules : Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . 
1st person is the professor : Karriann Blubaum 
2 : is your rival : Sarah Vining 
3 : is the elite 4 champion : Chandler Peters 
4 : is the leader of Team Rocket : Tyler Rumery 
5 : is the crazy moon-worshiper at Mt . Moon : Sara Yee 
6 : is Nurse Joy : Talamay Clark 
7 : is Officer Jenny : Robert Fenske 
o_o 
" The better you do at imagining what it would be like to be other people , the happier you'll be . " -John Green 
If I have EVER made you smile [ Like ] this status . Then put this as your status and see who you've made smile . 
So ... I'm going to NPA now ... 
Hello Kitty duct tape ? I think yes . 
Erm .. anyone have Bain Algerbra II ? 
Friendship is magic . My . GOD . WHY CAN I NOT STOP WATCHING THESE PONIES ? 
" Don't look down on the way I live , that's a terrible way to live ! " 
It is pretty astonishing : A lot of people react very confused , if sentences do not end the way they potato . 
Fair was AWESOME ! <3 
My country is BULGARIA 
Do I love it : SURE ! Baklava sounds delicious ! 
Do I hate it : i would say not :O 
Would I live there : I-i could try ! I can't speak Bulgarian or Turkish or anything though ! 
* Like for a country ! * 
i got sunburnt today , i spend less then an hour , collectively , outside . e_e wut 
RENT is amazing <3 
I just discovered that I REALLY like Katy Perry , is my music-snobbery reputation ruined ? ;_; 
Michael Stuart Sherman II is the most wonderful boy ever ~ ! :D <3 I love you , sweetie ~ :3 <3 
what a treacherous thing to believe that a person is more than 
a person 
i heard the heavy rain outside and for some reason it was amplified . it made a terrifying crunching noise and i though my house was going to collapse on me and i would be dragged into a shadow realm where i would be forced to fight bosses that represent some strange metaphorical journey in order to escape . what ? 
I'm having breakfast at 2 in the afternoon :3 , i love summer 
Do you know who can take a sunrise , sprinkle it with dew , cover it and chocolate and a miricle or two ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ hmm ... suspicious link ? 
AVADA KADAVRA ! 
Catch ' em , catch ' em , gotta catch ' em all . GOTTA CATCH ' EM ALL , POKEMON ! 
Knock Knock 
Roses are red 
Violets are blue 
All my base 
Are belong to you <3 
Has anyone really ever been far as decide to use go want to do look more like ? 
is fighting off ninjas , brb 
i don't like being sationary on facebook for too long because it starts to feel like people's profile pictures are watching me .... 
" We avoid risks in life , so we can make it safely to death ? " - 
Philosoraptor 
Why do we judge people for who they are , instead of what they do ? 
Listened to the lavender town theme song ... i don't feel so well :( 
WHA-CHOW ! 
has a deviantart account :D 
I am the grammar nazi cat . The grammatical content on this site is unsatisfactory . 
" It's so fluffy I'm gonna die ! " :3 daww 
2 hour delay ! ... time for homework 
I am dissaponited no one was interested in hearing me explain the modes of persuation when I offered :'( 
IN THE BOG 
\|\/ | nerdfighters :D 
I think i have drain bamage 
Make tea , not war . 
WOO ! Back from seeing Prairie Home Companion , saw Raina and Jasmine there :D show ROCKED ! 
" Good thing I brought my library card , because I'm checking you out " 
A pig's orgasm can last for up to 30 minutes . 
>:3 
LIONCASH is better than regular money 
It's explosion Wednesday ! 
i went mushroom hunting :3 1UP ! 
" I lean in close to my little record player on the floor , so this is what the volume knob is for ! I listen to DANCE MUSIC ! " 
10/10/10 10:10 ! i missed my chance on the first one ... 
Baking brownies ~ :3 
WTF , welcome to friday 
" You were once shoved headfirst out of someone's vagina . Why are you acting so dignified ? " 
Game ; Try to post a status so stupid , people have to know you're joking . ( Hint ; this is impossible ) 
... I think my phone is broken . 
Underneath the library is the dungeon , aka , history hall , 700s . Our 
current sponsor is in room 706 or 704 . there's a sheet and everything , 
and the teacher can answer any questions . Meetings are mondays at 5:00 
pm 
a wish someone was online ....... 
" It's so hard to leave , untill you leave . And then it's the easiest goddamn thing in the world . " - Paper Towns , John Green 
:D 
drawing stuffs to put on facebook 
? Always look on the bright side of life ( whistle) ? 
Woo ! It's Wednesday ! Let's be exited :) 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmkmmkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm , k mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm dang it , my " m " key is still crooked :| 
Will Grayson , Will Grayson 
How did we meet ? copy this and see how many stories you get :D 
lol i got a nosebleed during the AIMs test 
Christopher Walken has the ability to fly 
ice cream + pudding = delicious diabeetus :3 
sleep -w- 
... eh ? has nicole masters profile suddenly vanished to anyone else ? 
eating a hot pocket on fine china ... it feels so 
wrong somehow 
I like days when the toaster doesn't terribly scorch my bread 
Watching die hard , has anyone else seen it ? how is it ? 
WOO ! Concert ! :D great job jazz band and orchestra ! 
( Playing MGS ) Me ; " SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE ! " My brother upstairs ; " LIQUID ! " 
Who's glad AIMS is over :3 
WTF ! Welcome to Friday ! 
I got cat class and I got cat style ~ 
i think the coffee's done , i love it when the coffee's done 
<3 
more drawing :D will bring it to school on monday 
Done with english essay ^ - ^ 
im am such a lesbo i like fucking girls in the ass really hard and i have a penis 
SCIENCE ! is now a verb 
i ? chobits :3 
is baking tasty popcorn treats and listening to her favotive music . :D This is a pretty good saturday . 
Oh shit .... I need to study . 
is learning Python 
print " Hello world ! " 
well , mom's being a bitch . wonderful . 
Twin high maintenance machines ! 
I just sat on my kitty , he blends in with the computer chair too much . 
slender man ( shudder ) oh god , i'm not sleeping tonight 
La li lu le lo ! 
" Pick flowers , instead of fights . " :3 
breaking news- justin beiber is canadian 
and celine dion 
Imagine the grass is red . 
Can you report things on facebook purely because the person who posted it is a dumbfuck ? I REALLY hope so . 
don't you know that the chances of a random object being a scone is about one in six ? 
Stacy's Dad ; " Look , I know you think that since 
I walked out she could use a guy like you . But trust me . That woman has 
alot going on , and you want none of it . Get out while you still can " 
xkcd 
who went to the dance ? 
does anyone know what happened to madison baker's page ? it doesn't seem to exist ...? 
baking cookies :D It's beginning to smell a lot like Christmas ~ 
Don't just do something , stand there ! 
did you know that strippers make twice as much when they're ovulating as to when they're menstruating ? 
" Like " this status & I'll write something 
I like about you on your wall ; set this as your status if you're 
brave enough . 
does snoop dog use an umbrella ? FO DRIZZLE 
Did you know that awesome without me is just aweso ? 
? California , CALIFORNIAAAAAA ?.... Who else is hyped ? 
There is a crow that " lives " outside my house . He's been laying on a rock for a couple of weeks now , so he has been pretty well digested by worms and other creatures . 
Being that he ( or she ) is dead , I've gotten a nice long look at it , and it's actually become kind of beautiful at this point . 
anyone know where to get good color pastels ? 
my dad just quoted potter puppet pals , YES ! :D 
Today was awesome :D just a couple seconds made my whole day 
Smoke ? me a kipper , I'll be back for breakfast ! 
Libraries are amazing :D 
paul the octopus predicted spain's win ... 
Some people really make my piss boil :| 
Try to be happy 
cleaned out my locker today , i had food in there from the beggining of the year . if i remember correctly it was tuna and eggs , i couldn't tell at this point . anyone want to hear the rest of the contents ? 
WWCPD ? What Would Captain Picard Do ? 
went on an adventure today :3 
" What a crazy random happenstance ! " 
" My pen moves along the page like the snout of a strange animal ... " 
-Billy Collins , Budapest 
RAWR >:3 
If an armless man has a gun , is he armed ? 
i have 100 friends :D NO ONE FRIEND OR UNFRIEND ME , THIS NUMBER MUST REMAIN ROUND 
the mountain goats will cure your bieber fever 
? Oh , baby bring on the rain , and listen to the thunder ? 
tree still up , leftover eggnog , chestnuts 
eh , still feels a lot like christmas 
( ? ?? ) 
Like 
this and I'll fill it out for you . Dear ____ , You are _____ , You have a 
nice ____ . On a scale from 1-10 , you are ____ . You and I should ____ . 
I would get your name tatooed on my ____ . You are so ____ . Love , 
____ . ( : 
NOTE- I WILL ONLY DO THE FIRST 10 TO LIKE IT ! 
Like Harrison Ford I'm getting Frantic , like Sting I'm Tantric , like Snickers , guaranteed to satisfy . Like Kurasawa I make mad films , ' kay I don't make films , but if I did they'd have a samurai 
Just got tickets to Paraie Home Companion in Flagstaff ( in August ) . :D 
You , yes YOU reading this right now , you're my favorite :3 
Tummy ache . Feels bad , man D: 
Stardate 42695.3 ~ 
Woo ! AIMS scores are 92+ in all areas ! Excels ! :D 
mules are so half-assed 
It's awful pretty outside . I think today is going to be a good day 
Shuffle is getting lazy , it just played the list of songs backwards >.> 
watching Doctor Who :D 
God , am i supposed to feel so nostalgic ? i'm freaking 13 , i shouldn't , but i can't help it ! never going back to flagstaff middle school :/ 
... i don't suppose that anyone has heard of/is going to VidCon 
Sometimes I am Canadian , sometimes European , sometimes African , 
sometimes Asian . In this world , it is not enough to be who you are . You 
must also be where you are . 
I WANNA BE THE VERY BEST 
you 
can ask me any question as long as it is in my inbox . I will be 
completely honest . I dare you to post this as you status and see what 
people ask you 
Everyone makes makes a weird face when they sorta gag while they brush the waay back of their tongue , right ? :P 
A Pokemon board on 4chan , my life is complete . 
my freaking m key fell off my keyboard , i'll put it back now 
mmmmmmmmmmmkmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmkmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm k m mmmmmmmmmmmmm jmkkmmmk it's back ! :D 
I like about you on your wall ; set this as your status if you're brave 
enough . 
it's getting late , and i'm starting to try to read american comics righ t-t o-left , manga style e_o 
Try to type your name with your nose :D ; 
ksy lcee ndlss , n 
sooo .... how's about them finals ? 
Napoleon Dynamite is on :3 
:) Facebook from the Wii internet channel 
Everyone 
feels kind of unloved when no one comments/likes their status right ? 
This is your daily reminder to drink plenty of water :) 
is watching blue's clues .... it's going to be a long summer 
i posted my elephant on /ic/ ; 
" its eyes . the expression . It 
screams ' kill me ' . 
yknow what ? Get your fucking un talented shit 
off /ic/ and don't fucking post here . you're not good . get raped " 
last words of major general john sedgwick ; while his men were cowering in fear from enemy fire , sedgwick stood up an announced " They couldn't hit an elephant from this dis -!" and then he was shot in the eye 
Gangsta's , bitches and nerds these are my dirty workz :3 
? dn ? p ? s s ??? 
" this beat is sick like malaria ! " 
It is so hard to leave — until you leave . And then it's the easiest 
goddamned thing in the world . 
I have the hic-*hic * ... I have the hicco-*hic * ... I HAV- * hic ! * HICCUPS 
I am hopeful that 
the things I hope will happen will come to pass . 
http://mgchocolate.ytmnd.com/ 
Chocolate ? CHOCOLATE ?! CHOCOLAAAATE !!! 
9x-7i < 3(3x-7u ) 
happy valentine's day everyone :3 <3 remember when we would all spell it " valentimes " ? :D aww 
Don't unplug me ~ ALL CAPS 
Summer solstice ~ 
I like it wherever my mom happens to put it 
cardboard cut-outs of edward cullen and jacob black are about as real as those two will get ( thank god ) 
Happy pi approximation day :) 
I just watched the Silent Hill movie ... It had a dissapointing lack of Pyramid Head rape 
HOW DID I NOT NOTICE ALL THE NERDFIGHTER REFERENCES IN DESPICABLE ME ? >:| 
AWESOME ~ <3 
Things are shaping up to be pretty odd 
packing in case of an evacuation can make you think about what's really inportant to take , and how little that may be . 
Are you supposed to chew tic-tacs ? 
I just saw a frog eat a tarantula :D 
" I wanted so badly to lie down next to her on the couch , to wrap my arms 
around her and sleep . Not fuck , like in those movies . Not even have 
sex . Just sleep together , in the most innocent sense of the phrase . 
1.21 GIGAWATTS ? The only thing that could produce that sort of power ... is A BOLT OF LIGHTNING 
My brain ... is made ... of tiny ... ANIMALS ! 
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo 
i just got a computer :3 it's a mac os 9.1 , i also found my snes and n64 , i'm gonna have a bunch of fun :D 
anyone wanna join the PEN 15 club ? 
is a pirate 
My monsters aren't scary ;_; 
fukken ugly 
Dare to be pointless 
i'm thinking of a number between 1 and 100 ... 
google > 2204355 > i'm feeling lucky > day made :D 
LOST : Grey+white pidgeon with black bits . Normal size . A bit mangy looking . Does not have a name . Please contact me if found . 
FHS :D 
Pre ap english 
Pre ap geometry 
Theater 
Orchestra 
Pre ap biology 
P.E. 
i likey my schedule :3 
AIM FOR THE HEAD ! 
lol we lost , about 0-61 . fun to go to the game though :D 
step one : cut a hole in a box ... 
YETI SPAGHETTI 
Happy forth everyone ! What's everyone doing to celebrate since there's no fireworks here ? 
Has bubble wrap :D 
" Now and then , I announce ' I know you're listening ' to empty rooms . If I'm wrong , no one knows . And if I'm right , maybe I just freaked the hell out of some secret organization . " It's basically Pascal's Wager for the paranoid prankster 
WWCPD ? 
Sitting on the couch is zero amount of fun when there's not a TV or hang glider in front of it 
SWORDISH FORSH 
Time flys like an arrow , fruit flys like a banana 
ROOFTOP JUMPKICK 
YES ! I finished cleaning my room , I got something done this summer :D 
in order to fix the constant errors in chat , i'm going to try announcing how much i love Facebook and letting it be seen to everyone , in hopes the great overlord Facebook will forgive me for whatever i did to make it HATE ME 
... Phenomena ? 
Neutral Milk Hotel !!! 
I love the unknown 
... please pass the egg salad 
RAGGLE FRAGGLE ! 
" Because I could not stop for death ... " read to the Gilligan's island theme e_o 
going to bed kina early ... -w- 
just now realized , it's friday the 13nth 
Woo ! Shaved ice :D 
Could we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like starfox ? I could really use a barrel roll right now 
it's raining ... 
cookies are not obeying ;_; 
hey , anyone want a free trial of netflix ? netflix.com/pogobat , also check out dan 3.0 at youtube.com/pogobat :D 
WOO ! TODAY IS A GOOD DAY !! :D <3 
WTF 
WELCOME TO FRIDAY 
Ü < new smiley face 
Just got shocked a little by an electrical socket :D watt an experience 
502 
Come explore the future with me ! There's future EVERYWHERE ! 
first driving lesson , i learned where the gas pedal is :D 
Duct tape wallet ! That looks like an NES controller ! 
Hey world ! 
Has tiny chickens's disease ;_; 
Hmm ... what's a good flash game to play online ? any suggestions ? 
happy winter break everyone :) 
New mexico ! where they buried atari games ! :D 
SNOW RAINBOWS ! 
The Transformers Autobot logo upside down is Dr Robotnik from Sonic . O.o 
got the motion controller for the PS3 :D 
Shave and a haircut ~ 
" ... remember when we were YOUNG and couldn't wait to grow up ? ... WOW , what the hell were we thinking !?! " ... aren't we still young ? 
tea ~ :3 
Freaking scented markers , i just tried to describe something as smelling " purple " 
happy new year in a different time zone ! 
1-UP'd mr. eder :D awesome ~ 
Has tiny chicken's disease again ... But this time the chickens are on fire 
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a have frontal lobotomy 
Pause . It is time for me to describe a tool used to hit nails into wood . 
Just read every comic from xkcd , i feel accomplished :3 
Sail around the world and tell them all to keep singin ' it ~ La la la la la ~ 
" I am listening to hear where you are " :D 
who's going to be at the football game tonight ? 
AWEOSME ! Who else wore purple today ? 
" We are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful what we pretend to be . " 
Two drums and a cymble walk off a cliff http://instantrimshot.com/classic/?sound=rimshot 
I LOST THE GAME 
Another awesome day :D 
just ate a bagle .... Like a boss ! 
airsoft guns ; awesome ~ 
11 donuts = a banker's dozen :3 
Festival trip was fun :D 
I like it by the door 
Gamer's was AWESOME ! :D 
Whoa ... Desert Punk is AWESOME ! 
you and I wake upin jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? (NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status -- fair is fair -- play along ) 
Won't be faceplacing until Dec . 1st ~ 
" a baby , you cannot sell this " 
me : " ... throw baby " 
yaaaaaaay influenza 
HO HO HO ~ 
wouldn't everyone like to be so special to need a psychiatrist ? - slyvia plath 
... chuck norris 
