sorry guys ,... Just need time to blow off steam . Got some personal issues and other things just happen to set me off . Ill get back on when I have a more clear head . L8rs 
I love watching Tyler Perry Movies . My favorite quote : Someone slaps your cheek , Christians say turn the other cheek , and it gets slapped again , How many slaps it take before you reach out and BUST THIER ASS ? - Madea Simmons 
Love " Down in a Hole " by Alice in Chains 
getting ready for the start of my workweek ,...... 
Man , I am sooooo sick of Step-Family , and fake lazy drama causing dumbass people . If it isnt hard enough to make it in this town , simple minded others have to fugg it all up for the rest of us too . Man Im tired of this broken record . 
looking forward to moving to new apt today . 
im so tired ,.......... my eyelids are crossed ,......... Mornin Peepsies ,....... 
Makes me wanna buy fireworks to launch at cop cars because of that crap ,....... 
There's a Munkey in a Jungle watchin a vapor trail ,....... Cught up in a conflict between his brain and his tail ,.............. 
Well Guys and Gals , Apparently I have offended some of you guys and I had to find out through backside channels . If this is the case , shoot me a message and I will be happy to remove you from my FaceBook page . I joke around with people alot , and I say whe 
Is going to nap while starving into oblivion ,.... lol 
counting the hours till Im an older fart ,......... lol 
munchin Starburst Gummi-Bursts ,...... and bored out my gourd . 
Ogres are like onions ,......... They have Layers ,........ 
listening to Rev Theory : Voices ,.......... 
lunch is here ,.... nummy nummy ,...... lol 
about to be off work , run some errands , jump on Resident Evil 5 and then probably at Christines for the afternoon evening . You got my number , Txt peeps ! 
Why is it that the more you try and make some time for yourself , the more things pop up that just have to be done ? Guess the old sayin is true , " I'll get plenty of rest when Im DEAD " ,........ 
Hey , nothing you can say , nothing's gonna change what you've done to me Now it's time to shine , you're gonna burn in my light Hey , nothing you can say , nothing's gonna change what you've done to me Now it's time to shine , I'm gonna take what's mine 
Text me peeps . Digits in the profile if you need em ,...... Im at work . Cu L8rz Mickey's ,... 
sometimes I cannot take this place , sometimes its my life I cant taste , sometimes I cannot feel my face ,.... Youll never see me fall from Grace ,......... 
Here comes the hot stepper , the lyrical gangster , so act like you know Chico ,.... Cha- Ching-Ching ,........... Happy 4th peeps . 
is ready to go home ,........... its been real , its been fun , but it hasnt been real fun ,........ 
The Funky Cold Medina ,.......... man I miss decent music ,........ 
Choke choke again I thought my demons were my friends Getting me in the end They're out to get me Since I was young I've tasted sorrow on my tongue And this sweet sugar gun Does not protect me 
best radio online : www.accuradio.com 
Ready for the newness to wear off ,......... 
I used to be so well rounded , now I step on Hell's boundaries ,...... 
I cant wait to get home and get on some Resident Evil 5 ,.............. 
reflecting on how much my life has changed , and the people that came and went ,.............. 
Some days , my life feels like God Screaming at creation ,........... 
gettin off @ 3pm . know the digits . txt tha digits , except while football is on . then forget the digits ,......... 
Has to work this weekend and will be on my lonesome ,........... BACHEALOR PARTY ! j/k 
Do you know what the word Nemisis means ? a rightious infliction of retribution manifested by an appropriate agent , personified in this case by a horrible C *** ,.............. Me ,........ 
NFL preseason ,..... and Im off work to watch it . * scheduling cellphone to be turned off * 
ahhhhhhhhhhh . Another boring Sunday night . Watchin Resident Evil 2 and then on Xbox to play Mercs2 World in flames ,........ 
At first I couldnt remember why I hated going to the hospital , and now I remember . Long wait , bad news , and more crap I cant afford . God I love having doors ripped open ,........ 
has Kool amigos ,....... mucha comida , and movie too . Watchin Push . Holla l8rs all . 
Had an awesome night with his babe , then yet again bad news came crashing down . We pray for The Littles , and hope they can find some peace . 
Can someone explain to me please : Why it is when I come to work , I have to clean up everyones trash , fix and repair the things they broke and make it a work place ? I could have sworn that Perants taught you chores , and everyone has seen things repaired and no one likes a unclean work station . I know I have never seen a child raised as a SLOB , or an UN-CLEAN , UN-CARING RETARD . FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PEOPLE ,..... SHEESH . 
Wanna come to MySpace , Twitter my Yahoo till I Google your Facebook ? 
gearin up for DFW . ALmost off work . Holla when I can ! 
Sand rains down and here I sit ,....... holding red flowers in a tomb ,....... 
Why do people with no respect or self respect always try and start fights when they know they have no life , and deserve no sympathy . If a person cannot do thier job because they feel they arent bieng paid what they feel they are worth , then make sure you do a good nuff job to warrant a raise .,........ Ugggggg Stupid people make my head hurt ,...... its a wonder I got Ulcers ,.... 
almost forgot ,.... *** takin meds and vitamins now *** 
All right guys and gals , I might be loosing my Father to him moving away , I got my own apartment finally and will be moving this weekend , so much for sleep , and there are somethings at jissob that just arent clickin . Ive calmed down some , and I appollogiz 
Awwwwwwwwwww Maaaaaaaaaaaaan , Lunch with Momma Coles , and then off to scoop up Scooters , and then back to dreaded Wichita Fell ,....... Sux when vacation comes to an end ,......... 
payday = money came in , still broke as hell ,........... 
Expanding my 10 gigs of music while I watch Paid Programs and Boring Commercials ,................ Love my Job 
wow ,..... so Im bored and what not ,..... How F'd up is it that if you get caught with Fireworks in your car , home etc ., they will confiscate them , and shell you upto a 2,000 fine ? Wichita Falls has hit the shit brick house now . Im sooooo DIsgusted about liv 
3 gigs of songs on a laptop to keep me company ,.......... So so sad . 
Just out of curiosity , We go through the motions day to day , and we dread the same ole same ole , and it seems nothing in Wichita Falls changes ,........ So why do we say we LIVE if its not very LIVELY ???? 
0_o nuff said 
Working for 2.5 on my day off ,.......... as if I dont do enough allready ,........ Im Burned ,........ 
The game is a really good game , aside from blind deaf and not dumb but Retarded Referee's . I am so disappointed in the Zebras ,........ 
First dat at First Baptist , and what a refreshing breath of life it was . Despite the downers so far with my friend's mom passing away , another friends dad having a heart attack , and work goin screwy . Church lifted my mood . Theres hope afterall ,........ 
I am sooooooo ready to go home and watch Race to Witch Mountain ,... 
reading his book and wishing time would move its ass so he could be off work ,......... 
Uggggggggggg Back at work after the longest and worst 2 days off Ive had ,.......... Im around ,..... holla peeps . 
I am so glad I will be going out of town the next 3 days after work . I so need a damn break from this town . Need a break from the job ,..... and well , just need a damn break . DFW here we come ! 
man Im so tired of bieng sick . Biscuits n gravies make my tummy nummy for now ,........ 
Need a Beer . just one of them things , Life makes you go through ,.......... 
looking through classifieds to seperate employment and find a job with real benifits . 
Ok , Teamwork , deleted ,......... Helping people , deleted ,............ giving a flying flip about anything else but me me and me , Input . Now I should be ready to do the under-paid Over worked thing . Hopefully a good job falls in my lap from Monster or Career builders . Im starting to think this one's defective . Shame theres no recall . 
CHICAGO WINS ! CHICAGO WINS ! WHOOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOOO 
at last ,....... Storms ,....... Will make playing Resident Evil 5 more interesting * EFG * 
Had B-Dubbs for dinner tonight ,.... oh man was it awesomeness in a togo box ,.... 
Todays Employers are so full of self-righteous crap . What kind of FREEDOM is it when the choices have been MADE for YOU ? Isnt that Communism ? 
can today just FF and we be into this evening ? Everything has to go wrong today ,.......... 
checked my messages , put up with BS from work , and now Im fiddna go home . Have a great night Texoma . 
What happened to the days when NFL football teams had the Minerals to go for it on 4th and 1 ? Im begining to think this is almost as fake and scripted as Professional Wrestling . Football used to be a Man's sport . Now we have a bunch of overpaid sissies screaming Ouchie and crying about it to make these gutless play decisions and stupid rule changes . 
Gettin off work early today . Goin home to game . :-) l8rz . 
Well Ladies and Gentlemen ,.......... CBS has ruined a night again . We are delayed by 42 minutes and 44 seconds . Means I will be seeing home about 1200-1215 am . Wish me luck on tolerance ,.............. 
Ahhhhhhhhhh Frustration ,......... the modern day anchor to energy loss and depression ,............ Home sweet home . 
Wow . Dallas , a team with no skill , actually pulled out a win on accident . Im thoroughly shocked and amazed ,............... Good job Austin , at least on of the Cow-Thugs doesnt have thier head in thyier butts ,.......... 
blah ,......... imma go home and seep sommores ! l8rz 
I think a wise man once said , And I quote : The more I look for similarities in Others , The more Differences I see from Myself ,............... 
WHASSUP MA PEEPZIES ? HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ERYONE I KNOW . BE SAFE AND ENJOY YOUR FAMILY TIME . GOT LOVE FOR YOU GUYS/GALS . TEXT OR FB MESSAGE ! LATERZ . 
Gonna spend some quality time with my XBox 360 and texting my baby , Since shes still contagious I cant see her :-( . Plus shes out of work and school for a week because shes sick . I wish I had an N64 with Zelda games ,...... Man I miss the fun times . 
maaaaaaaan been so long since I been on Face ,....... I almost forgot how to get in and where to go lol . 
some days the time just doesnt go fast enough . particularly the ones where Im stuck @ work . Boredom is the death of me . 
getting paid to watch Rudolf the Red-Nosed Reindeer ,........... God I love my job right now . 
***** Blah ***** ,............ I dont forsee today getting any better . When it rains it pours ,........ like a tsunami . 
HAH ! I got George Harrison on the Beatles Quizzie . Is good result . 
I'm tearing away Pieces are falling I can't seem to make them stay You run away Faster and faster you can't seem to get away 
So low to the floor I can pick the pocket on a midget ,......... ;-D 
When I'm on that beat I'm a beast , I aint never came weak . Got a trunk full of speakers You can hardly hear me speak . Especially when it sound like this , It's that Falls -Town baby and you know who I is ,... I'm throwed ,................. 
As iron sharpens iron , so a man sharpens the countenance of his friend . Proverbs 27 : 17 
Ok , yesterday was awesome at the Fantasy of Lights in CHicka-ga-wea Oklahoma ,...... Dad is back in the hospital again , got written up at work and now my chest is hurting ,..... CAN I HAVE A MULLIGAN FOR THE PAST 5 DAYS ????? 
Cell phone is at home , almost lost in snow . Car is stuck a block from work . Might be required to work until relieved . So far Ive had about as much of the Christmas spirit as I can stand . Life Sux ,.......................................... 
Of course now that a win doesnt mean BULLCRAP , The Cowboys want to win . Personally im glad cause that means The Saints lost to a good for nothing team !!!! :-) 
And I'm staring down the barrel of a 45 , I'm swimming through the ashes of another life There's no real reason to accept the way things have changed Staring down the barrel of a 45 
I love snow . Just not while Im at work . I love lots of snow ,........ but Im going stir crazy . Can only look at 4 walls at work and 4 walls at home . Quizically frustrated for the time bieng ,.... 
Dad's in the Hospital again . :-( Workplace is an ENTIRE MALFUNCTION > : -E and im stuck at work with no money and no lunch . I just cant visualize the hope that things can get ANY better . Peace 
What is it about bowl games ? Seems like every bottom-feeding team like OU win by luck and retardedness . Guess thats a reason to drink away sanity for the New Years . Happy New Years everyone , remember roads may be slick , if you can drive , dont chance it . Designated drivers are awesome friends to cherish . 
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVED that hit to make OU fumble . GO STANFORD !!!!! 
Going to Fort Worth tomorrow for a couple of days . Shoot me a text , may be on FB via Phone over next couple of days . Peace ! Duece . 
buisness acct , check . EIN # , check . Products to sell , on thier way . Wish meluck with my new buisness . 
You know , Kharma is a funny thing . Not only have I gotten sick , but my Grandma just got hospitalized from having a stroke . Does anyone understand why I hate the holliday season now ? 
Getting prepared for FAFSA to see about starting my Mechanical Engineering Degree . To family : Please be patient with me , To Friends : wish me luck and be patient with me , To everyone else : Please help support me for going back to school after bieng out for 14 years . 
freakin Alabama half-tards ,......... now I know my life is cursed . I cant win for loosing ,.... 
goin home . Night all ,.... 
still sick , now Im tired and head is poundin . Cant wait for this stuff to burnout of my system . 
Holy Crap ,........ Dallas is winning . Who could imagine they would accomplish something other than drooling over each others buttcracks . Guess Half-Tards do get thier day ,....... 
goin home , Happy New Years All !!!!!!!!!! see you next year 
You know , I woke up this morning having to goto work , and found someone wrote on my car in blue fingernail polish . Ha Ha the jokes on me . Everything went wrong at work today and decided to blame me for it . For most of my life I have been the patient and grit my teeth and just move on . Today is the day I will seek RETRIBUTION if someone has wronged me . This is EVERYONE/EVERYTHINGS warning . Today is not the FUCKING day 
I am SOOOOOOOO ready for my friggin days off ,............ Word of advice : My cellphone will be off from Sunday at 11:00 pm - Wednesday 3:00 Pm . 
night all . offto overdose and sleep some more . 
Man I love watching Equals 3 on Youtube . Ray William Johnson is genious and hillarious for the videos he edits and comments on . Be ADVISED : Language isnt always censored . 
Gotta Love Jersey Shore ,...... rofl 
Well Peeplz ,..... Im on lunch break , and then goin home for a looooooooong night of dying of boredededom 
Dallas is over-rated ,....... They could have played like this all season long . They just have a bunch of Half-Tard Lazy @$$e$ ,......... I givr more credit to the Detroit Lions ,...... 
* sigh * submitted applications , filled out forms , and requested Aide from people in the Courthouse . I am Officially tired of filling crap out ,...... 
Might aswell go back to watching DVDs ,....... Referees are givin the game to Dallas . Begining to wonder if football is paid off drama like professional wrestling . 
I think I figured it all out . The Dallas Cowboys are the equivilent of AIDS to the NFL . And the referees are just speeding up thier effects ,..... 
Watching Football . Its about DANG TIME ,.............. been waitin for this since the end of last years playoffs ,.... 
One thing I have learned in my travels through Life : Never under estimate the Predictability of Stupidity , and Perserverance of Ignorance . Unfortunately all seem to be a reoccuring thing of this time period . GOD , Help us all Please ,....... 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond : If you know me well , you know that I amvery outspoken , I Love Christine Coles , and I can't stand Small Town Drama . 
I would like to take this time to ask : Pray for the families and people in Northern Texas and Southern Oklahoma who donot have the comodities we are enjoying right now like Electricity , Heat , Food and Water , or simply a roof over thier head that isnt without . I thank God above I am not suffering as bad , with whats going on in my life , I couldnt handle it . Thanks 
After my girl gets home , my phone will be off . You guys and gals know how to get ahold of me if its an Emergency ,.......... Laters ,.... 
There , Finally joined the celeb club ,......... lol 
Super Bowl 44 winners are : The New Orleans Stains ! 
Hospital visit today , check . Severe Allergic reaction , check . Why the hell it happened to me out of nowhere ? Clueless . Cant wait for the pain and stuff from it to go away so I can go to sleep . 
Go Colts !!!! 
Age old question is becoming prevalent in my mind : Why is it I work so hard and have nothing , and other people dont do squat and they are rewarded everything ,.......... On a lighter note , Good Game OSU ,.......... Good Game . 
Election Coverage ,........ I Hate You ,....... Especially since Im alone tonight with no help . 
good night cruel world ,...... 
Dear Lord , Thank you for today ,.......... Now if I could get my Anti-I am In School or dont know whats goin on but wanna cause Drama Medication soon , I would be set for the day . Cant wait to go fishing again , the calm serenity of wind , water and fishing ,.... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ,... 
Well its official ,........ Once again Im on Gods doody list ,........ The Saints won the SuperBowl . Now I have to listen to RESPECT WHO DAT Country Bull crap . 8 Months till Descent football resumes . Hopefully Saints free . Hats off Loosers ,...... 
Hi Ho Hi Ho its off to work I go , with Razor Blades and Hand Grenades ,...... 
Also , If you loose 50 lbs since Thanksgiving , are you still a card holding member of the Fatties Club ? Or are services and membership revoked ? 
Looking forward to resuming Borderlands on my 360 . For some reason Legal Genocide seems to help relieve frustrations of repulsive peoples ,............. 
Ready for another round of Borderlands ........... For some reason , Volcanic Sniper Rifle and Shock Force RPG just have too much fun when Im in control ,............ P.S. I love my girl ,......... 
Im considering turning off my Facebook switch . Everytime I logg on someone is pissed at something/someone some where . I guess not everyone knows or has learned that " Things will NEVER go your way all the time . " I have learned that allthough from time to time people really piss me off , Forgiveness reminds me Ive made that mistake too and became a better person . That is all , Good night . 
With the windows dooown everybody gonna hear us , and even if they dont they can feel me through the speakers ,....................... 
Thank God my night is over . I really enjoy creativity and persistence . Thank God I will not be here forever , Lord : I found your purgatory , and it SUX ! 
Dear Today , My Day Off and a Sunday : I thouroughly hate you right now ,........ 
Ok , if God really exists , I pray he walks with me tonight while I sleep . People who can read this post , if you really care whats goin on , pray God walks with me tonight . People are in danger of seeing something they created . I promise it wont be well appreciated and will be WELL remembered . 
. That is all . 
Discovery channel finally got a show Im in love with . Sons of Guns is a job I would die happily working at . Thanks Discovery for gettin a friggin clue . 
Why do I try . All Im trying to do is make a descent life for me and my girl . This sad ass city thats pumped full of shit isnt anything but QUICKSAND . The more I fight to better myself , the more its filth and stink suffocate me . I guess I should give up and die in this hell hole . I wish this city knew how suffocated I feel . It would be nice to see someone else suffer like I am . 
I reject your Reality while simultaneously substituting my own ,....... 
Driver's Liscence is FINALLY Fully Re-instated !!!!!!!!! No More Russian Roulette when trying to make it to work and home again ! Finally 14 yrs later . ( mumbling and cussing about Texas ) 
You know , I just watched a Lil Wayne video . 2 conclusions , who the hell let him make what he calls music , And I eant a refund for the 5 minutes of my life that was wasted on his crappy performance . 
And so my Black Ops training began . Lets see if I like this one . 
Selling Call of Booty Crack Ops . $56.00 comes with 1 yr Game Stop warranty . Never wasted more time than when Assassins Creed came out and had to listen to Lil Wayne cds . GNite FBers . 
I dont fear none of my enemies , I dont fear bullets from Uzis , I been brought to my knees , by something worse than these , ANXIETIES , Paranoias brought me straight to my knees , Lord please please please , take away these ANXIETIES . 
Im tearing away , pieces are falling and cant seem to make them stay . you ran away , faster and faster you cant seem to get away ,............... 
Tango Down 
Some days ,......... Life just aint worth living . Jump from one headache to another and still cant seem to find a place where I can hide . Note to All Friends , Cellphone will be off this weekend , if its an emergency , call my girl cause I am takin time for me and her to be undisturbed and unplugged as much as possible . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who suffers from stupidity . Stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ... 93% won't copy and paste th ... is .... because they don't know how to copy and paste . will you ? 
Why is as kids we were told " Chase you dreams " , and as an adult there is always a department to prevent you from reaching your dreams . Furthermore the head of that department is always pissed at you because their dreams didn't come true ,........ 
Children 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's 
not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you 
probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your 
status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in 
... honor of all the kids . I have brothers and sisters with special needs , I love you guys . 
Finallymade it home about an hour ago ,......... Im soooo freakin tiredof driving ,..... no road trips for like Nevers and evers . Was good to catch up with a bro ,...... made Ft . Worth fun for a fewhours . then againmy cellphone died in reception arealike a Craigslist hooker ,......... 
Its days like today , Im glad I dont own a gun . I dont think the Death Penalty could undo the damage I'd inflict . That is all . By the way : Dear Today , your on my $# ! * list again ,............ 
And I wonder , day to day . 

I don't like you any way . 
I don't need your shit today . 
You're pathetic in your own way . - Godsmack 
I'm fed up man . Fed up man ,......... just so sick and tired of bien sick and tired ,........... - Dj Kahled 
About to get out of the house and play disc golfm ........... Any one wanna chill with ? 
Internet actin up at home , text if you need something , call at your own risk ,....... 
Bears need to pull their heads out of their Hind parts ,.......... 
F MY FREAKIN LIFE . 
Burnt-Out ,.............. Somedays you need a permanent dial-tone and lack of connections . 
Man I love listening to L.S.G. ,......... Round and Round , My Body ,........ some good slow jams . I got another job today , so Im on a high that I dont wanna be brought down from ,..... 
I will be so glad when these chest pains subside . Things suck so much when your body isnt c o-o perating . But I took the personality test and got a result I can relate to ,...... Thanks Abbers . 
You look at me but you don't see Understand I'm a sinner Don't corner me Don't lecture me Raise your hands if you're a sinner 
New phone is here . Using it now , need Kim Bobo's cell now . Lost it dang it . 
Its dark ,.......... and Hell is hot ,.............. ain't no sunshine when I'm gone ,.............. only darkness everyday ,............ 
Well , looks likeatrip to Ft . Worth is immenant for today . Checking travel conditions and getting a plan together for meeting my lawyer . Have fun today guys ,..... 
One thing I will never understand in this world ,....... It takes Money to get Money , and no one pays worth a effin flip , cant get loans , and everything costs beyond our means . How the HECK am I supposed to get into College , Improve my life , and provide for me and my own if I cant afford to pay money to get money ? I feel like a jackass with a carrot on a string in front of my face . 
Relay forLife with Kappa Kapa Psi members , had some fun seein friends and family and helpin cook chicken for chicken tacos to help thier portion . Nite Nitetime now ,.......... enjoy : Everyday is God's gift to us , spend histime wisely , it may not be here tomorrow . 
Golf ,.............. Why hast CBS foresaken me ?................. 
God bless you Jerry Allen . You were a great teacher and an honorable man . I pray your family finds peace , and to eventually see you on the other side . 
Tired , Wore out , and lookin forward to nap time . Thank God Im off from one of my jobs tomorrow . 
One thing I love about this world ,......... People train you to do a job so you know what your doing . Then after your a " Porperty of " Employee they like to talk to you like your stupid and dont know what your talking about . Its been my experience , Attitude reflects Leadership , so when someone actually Leads , Ill change my Attitude . That is all . P.S. : Dear Today , we arent on best of terms , so dont push me . 
listening to an older song before I goto bed . " Rock on the Radio - Firehouse " Thank God for people puttin good music on the internet ,......... 
Maaaaaaaan , the government is such an ass ,............ 
Take your time ... Don't live too fast , Troubles will come and they will pass . Go find a woman and you'll find love , And don't forget son , There is someone up above 
Can full of Gas , Handfull of Matches ,............. Some days I wish I had them to deal with things . TV is such a effin Headache . Like a cleansing fire , it needs to cometh ,...... 
I didn't . 
Well ,........ about to embark on my roadtrip through purgatory traffic . see you guys back online midnightish ,..... 
You know , I spent all damn day doin a tune up on my car . At first I got the wrong parts , now its the check engine light flashing . And I have to call into work tomorrow to get it fixed . FMFL ,............. 
Uggggggg . Dr's appointment today . Here goes nothin . Let's see how FUBARD I get told I am today ,....... 
Man ,......... Dont ever make amistake in life . Mine has made such a headachenow , Im begining to wish I could make another identity for myselflike in the movies ,.......... Wheres a bottle of Vodka when I need one ? 
Okay . Everyone on here as a friend is still a friend . My decisions go as follows : 1 ) I can no longer help as many people as I have been helping . 2 ) If your not going to listen to what I have to say when you ask for my help , dont ask . 3 ) I have my own problems that I can barely put up with , so I can no longer keep up with yours . Ask for my help , but expect a realistic answer , or No . Thanks ,........ Kase 
And the hammers oflife keep thier schedule ,......... hammerin the S *** out of any happiness I need . Guess there'splenty of happiness when I die . Some daysI wish the pains in my A ** weretaken from me via the fast lane . 
Familiarize yourself with the Bonds of Slavery . If you neglect action to be a free man , your preparing yourself to be enslaved . Basically if your not intelligent enough to educate yourself , you deserve the consequences of that fate . 
And why is it " The Meek shall inherit the Earth , when the meek are stupid retards who havent done an effin thing to inherit the Earth and us that work to the bone suffer our ass off ? SometimesI have MAJOR disagreements with God . Dont know why I bother , I never win and I always feel like an Ant under a Magnifying Glass . 
I tried so hard And got so far But in the end It doesn’t even matter I had to fall To lose it all But in the end It doesn’t even matter ,.................. 
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl , year after year , Running over the same old ground . What have you found ? The same old fears . Wish you were here . ------- Pink Floyd 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAA Why dont you get a job by Offspring . 
Thoughts and prayers out to the victims of a Retarded Racist individual . I really hope the shooter gets exactly what he deserves , no mercy and no special circumstances . As a former Corrections Officer , I would make sure when he left sick bay , he would rapidly be returning . God Bless the Victims and thier families and friends . 
Head hurts , Heart hurts , blood pressures up , and hearts racing like an Indy car . Momma always said life would be this fun . Guess I should have listened . 
Call calibrations ,......... need I say more ? 
Gyro's and Kebob's ,........... man that was an awesome awesome lunch ,......... tummy is nummy ,.... 
About to watch Inception with me woman . We'll see how this movie turns out .. 
Freakin stooooooopid double answered course ! This is why people goto att . 
You know , I have thought and thought . I now know why I am pissed off all the time . People cant grow up , dont do thier jobs , wont answer for when they are wrong , and dont care that they are fuckin up other peoples lives in the process . I think the fact I havent killed someone by now IS A GOD GIVEN MIRACLE . 
Well , have to work tomorrow . There's supposedly some Big Bad Head Honcho of Verizon coming to see our half-ass call center . This ought to be fun , considering the building and Land are still For Sale according to the signs out front . Whoooop dee Effin Doooo . NiNi Guys and Gals . 
I need a fuckin break . I seriously need to skip town without a phone and just dissappear off the map for a month . FML . 
Got to play supervisor today . Man it was great , never had sooooooo much fun at work today . 
Uggggh ,........ bed and sleep finally ,............. 
Went to the Dr today , all is not aswell as I thought . Turns out my breathing issues are caused by my acid reflux , I have dangerously high blood pressure , and my doctor says I have a rare type of migrain shes gonna have to research while im on medication fixing other things . So Ive been a time bomb walkin around and it didnt go off . 
went to sleep 430 this morning , up again 700 this morning , getting off work 1130 - 1200 tonight ,....... Im thinkin Pillowtalk is long over due . me an my pillow have lots to discuss . 
Thank God Im not a Cowboys Fan , Id be lookin for a gun barrel right now . 
wow ,..... another old song ,.... Dream Lover - Mariah Carey ,............ Man I love listening to old music and remembering things and times and places . Like a DVR on great times in my life . 
Just found out my Boy Rod is workin with me at the new job ! If anyone else is workin there with me , Holla at ya Boy ! 
Today's Mexican Word Of The Day is NOOSE : " My homies called me and told me that they saw me yesterday on the Channel 6 NOOSE . " 
Chillin at Poetry and Amature night at Why Not Resturant . Life is good when you can breathe around friends . Relaxing night . 
HOW BOUT THEM BOYS ???????????? Lovin todays performance ,.................... 
Move out the way when I'm passing through . 
I got heads to the front and the back of you . 
I got the world in my hands you can have it , too . 
I got two middle fingers and they're pointing at you ! 
Bout to finally be off work and end of a crappy day ,........ Good night all , Kase has left the building . 
looooooooong day . disc golf was great , cooked dinner for me and my girl , now if I could get these chest pains to subside I could go sleep ,............ night all 
Ok , just because I work for the TV station doesn't mean I'm God . Every work place has its issues . 
To the next Wichita Falls born and raised Idiot , the dumbass drugstore cowboy , and MSU student who cuts me off : I will aim my carto kill you . I'm tired of retard and cellphone drivers . Let me catch you slippin ,..... 
Now this looks like a job for me 
So everybody , just follow me 
Cause we need a little , controversy 
Cause it feels so empty , without me 
I said this looks like a job for me 
Cause it feels so empty , without me 
man I will be glad when I get my laptop back . Had to get Dean help me fixit when Christine tried to kill it ,......... rofl 
You know , I've had my fair share of set backs in my life . While I might not be able to move forward , I can at least Lateral to create a better opportunity for my desired outcome . 
Well Guys and Gals , its that time again . I will be moving soon . I am looking forward to having friends over , BBQ's during the summer , Pool Parties when applicable . Also starting my new job in almost 2 weeks . Wish me luck as I turn another page in the vast story of my life . 
It's funny how small things make you think . I spend so much of my life workin it away , mostly because of regrets of failure in the past . I think I need professional help . The World just seems so far away , yet so close I cant even breathe anymore . 
If your MOM is your HERO , whether you are 
lucky to have your Mom still with you , or if she is looking over you , 
copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are PROUD 
of your Mom ! I love you mom ? MOM ..... 
And now 
You've become a part of me 
You'll always be right here 
You'll always be my fear 
I can't separate myself from 
What I've done 
I've given up a part of me 
I've let myself become you 
I wanna be a cowboy ,...... and you can be my cowgirl ,............. lmao , havent heard this song in forevers and evers ,....... 
So tired ,........... so tired of fightin the good fight and comin out with pain and scars . I'm done fightin . * hangs up his boxin gloves * . Guess it was fun while it lasted . l : -L 
Well , its time to move again . Dont get me wrong , I love the rain and we need it , but Effin stop so I can get my chit moved ,........... Also looking for Volunteers to help on Sunday when we are gonna try if its weather permitting ,.... 
Well guys and gals , I have officially typed out my keyboard . Plus im friggin exhausted . Time to getsomemuch earned sleep . Remember this : The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on . - Robert Bloch 
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww FUDGE-NUTS ,................ went to cook the beercan chicken and forgot the second button to use the oven ,........ still waiting on it to heat up ,.. 
off to my rounds of anguish ,........ lets see what bs is in store for my life tonight . L8rz Mickey 
Back injuries suck . Someone get me a saw so I can cut mine out . Oh yeah ,.......... Lortabs :-D 
Why do people insist on pressin emotions before Im awake ? Is like messing with a Bear . Hope today goes by FAST ! 
LONG A$$ DAY . Got good POS review at 1st job , and home from 2nd . Niters all ! Ill be kickin it alone till Sunday night so Hit me up for swimmin or somethin . 
Tonight would br perfect for Resident Evil ,........ Too bad I dont have PS2 or RE2 anymore ,.... 
Father God , since we aren't worth your mercy to receive rain , Can you please relight the sign that says " Welcome to the Gates of Hell " so we are reminded of where we live ? 
Thanks . :-D 
If it looks good , you'll see it . If it sounds good , you'll hear it . If it's marketed right , you'll buy it . But ... if it's real , you'll feel it - Kid Rock 
run , run , run , run , run and run some friggin more . BTW AT&T , your a piece of shit and I hope you go bankrupt . That is all for now . 
Why is it that people : A ) Always use double standards when facing people they like and dont like , and B ) Forget what its like bieng on the bottom , when they get closer to the top ? Attitude reflects Leadership : dont like my attitude , become a better leader . 
Ugggggggggghhhhh . Never realized how much I need my back in movement until after I hurt it . Daaaaang this sux ,.... 
Another thing , Im gonna be out and around for a whiles . Most who have my celly , text me , those who dont , Just wait longer ,........ rofl 
Got to walk floors again like supervisors . I loove bien on floor , and I reapplied to become a Supervisor again . Pray for me guys , I really need this . 
Night All ,........ see you on the other side ,....... 
Avoided going to Jail yet again , and seen some band friends briefly . Another day in friggin paradise I suppose . 
If you ever want to know what its like to be a hollow porcelin puppett thats de-stringed and still going through the motions of life empty ,........ Take a number and wait in my line . 
Ok guys . I understand some people lead more " active " lives than others , but dammit . 165 posts in 4 hours from the same 3 people ? I like not getting burned by my phone's prcessor from loading updates . 
Uggggggg what a Effin day ,............. 
I really wish my Dr would hurry and figure out this " rare Migraine " , now my head feels like a trapped midget with steel toe boots on trying to kick his way out ,......... 
Actually , I just wish for a 24 hour period I could inflict the amount of pain and suffering I'm required to put up with , on the people causing the situations ,.............. from the heart and for real . 
I HATE THE LAKERS ,............ I cant even say the things I want to happen to them and Kobe ,............ 
can this day go by any faster for the love of God pleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaase ? 
man all week long its been 4am-midnight , except Wednesday . After work tonight , Im goin sleep , if you call it better be after 3 pm Saturday or life/death emergency . Why am I a glutton for punishment ? Pain is the No . 1 indicator your still among the living ,.......... that is all . 
Chillin with the Familia . Good end to a shit day . Lovin the Fam . 
" Wisdom is knowing when to RTFM - Common Sense is doing this out of sight of those that admire your wisdom . " -- Unknown 
Dr's appointment Thursday , another on the 28th , this isn't gonna be good . Guess I better enjoy it while it lasts . Things are forever going to change here soon . Wish me luck . 
Hastings store peon employees are so effin useless . Thank god for other internet sites . 
12 bux for a trim up ,...... Who the EFF they think they are gonna charge ? I work for 8.64 an hour , why the hell would I pay you 12 for 15 minutes of your time ? This isnt the big city they wish it was , reduce your prices F'n loosers . When people have cant affording to live , its the wrong time to gouge your prices . Well hair , guess it looks like me and you are gonna continue our friendship againt my better judgement . 
man , it is toooo early in the morning to have to be functional ,............ 
Sometimes Im glad I can get away from people ,.......... Stupid and immoral people deserve Genocide . Thank God I'm not the hand dealing it . Im begining to think Exile with my fiance would be a blessing . 
Im just so so so tired ,....... dont want to goto work today ,......... but will enjoy the Holiday Pay . 
Lovin havin a good MP3 player ,......... keeps me awake since im up long hours ,..... 
Turned in my notice to tv station today . Thanks WDS , thanks for the flexibility of fuckin up my life , simple lyin asses . I'm at the point of I wish a MF'er would ,............... 
Where do we go when we just dont know , How do we relight the flame when its cold ? Why do we dream when our thoughts mean nothing , and when will we learn to control ? I need Serenity ,......... - Godsmack 
World's greatest amount of rain : Lloro , Columbia 523inches of rain in 1 year . 
Well boys n girls , Im goin off Face Book . I probably will drop off the grid unless you see me . For those of you who will enjoy this , I have lost my faith in everything good . Will pick up again when I have built up tolerence to the new way of things . Peace Out . 
I wish for Rodgers to have a broken neck . F the Packers . 
Well , Like The Big Show's shirt says ,........ Go BIG or Get Lost ,......... 
Dr appointment again . 845 am , I think they need Dr. s that are open later for normal people ,............ 
Dear Today : I wish your perants would have told you to go play in Traffic . Next time please listen . That is all . 
Everyone is taking this Tiger Woods thing too stupidly . It doesn't matter where he works , or his wage . Its all the same . He cheated , he's gonna pay . Problem is people let money choose their acceptance as to what's right and what's wrong with this World . 
Science gets more fun ,........... when I get a better gun ! 
If I died and went to Hell real soon , 
It would appear to me as ,...... this room . 
How can I help it if I think you're funny when you're mad ? 
Trying hard not to smile though I feel bad 
I'm the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral 
Can't understand what I mean ? Well , you soon will 
I have a tendency to wear my mind on my sleeve 
I have a history of taking off my shirt 
For the record guys , you messed up a perfectly good lie . The Super Cop story was working fabulously until you guys said something and messed it all up . 
Thank God for an extra day off from Organized Confusion . Corney : Im wearin them Damn shorts tomorrow ,........ roflmao 
I want to run away , and never say good bye 
I want to know the truth , instead of wondering why ? 
I want to know the answers , no more lies 
I want to shut the door , and open up my mind . 
I love watching things , how it always takes 3 or more people to beat on 1 righteous person to say they are bada$$ . Or when people say they are good and when you need them the most they can't be found . Friends not included in that statement . 
it was supposed to be 
just a one night 
in and out and im out the door 
but she's got me sittin here 
at the red light 
drivin round lookin out for her - Usher 
Well , I had my Supervisor interview today ,............ God I hope I made it . Somethings got to give . NiNi world , see you in a few . 
Life's a game but it's not fair 
I break the rules so I don't care 
So I keep doin ' my own thing 
Walkin ' tall against the rain 
Victory's within the mile 
Almost there , don't give up now 
Only thing that's on my mind 
Is who's gonna run this town tonight 
Well my life was forever changed today at 1115 this morning ,......... I am now a member of the Diabetes Club . Mourning will go into commencement immediatly as I will no longer be able to enjoy the finer foods in life and have to give up my membership to the Fat Boy Club . Send any gifts in the form of fat-free , low-carb and totally tasteless in form to me . That is all . 
bed time after a long ass day ,....................... 
oh mi maldita cabeza ! 
I wish I knew what crime I'm bieng punished for . This city is a Death Sentence , with slim chance of parden , and no chance of parole . 
Anyone knows a good place hiring right now ? Seems a difference of opinion isn't helping me right now . Hope everyones having a better day than I am . Catch everyone on the flipside . 
About to see what hoops the 3 ring circus has . Instore for me today . I'm thinking its gonna be a Linkin Park kind of day . Points of Authority seem to come to mind . 
Ugggggggggh 
I hear voices in my head , 
They council me , They understand They talk to me , they talk to me ! 
They tell me things that I would do , 
They show me things I'll do to you , 
They talk to me , they talk to me 
Sometimes when you think stuff is setled , you realize you've moved to another sandbox ,........... 
Back to the Dungeon ,............ Laters Mickies ,....... 
Monday , aka Mundane : I effin hate you . Wish I could delete you from the week . I pray for everyones sake tomorrow goes better . 
The pain that I'm just erasing . 
I tell my lies and I despise . 
Every 
second I'm with you . 
So I run away and you still stay . 
So what 
the fuck is with you . -Korn 
I hope the Packers team has a horrible bus crash on the way back . If I believed in God Id pray for it . Maybe get lucky and see Rodgers assasinated . 
Well , aside from Friday night , nothing has gone as planned . I got crap todo , and places to go . Phone will be on silent and won't be answered . Communications will be resumed Monday . That is all . 
Rockin Fallout 3 . Ammo caches suck , but its another awesome contribution from Bethesda Games ! #innergamergeek 
watchin From Paris with Love . and dinner is almost ready ,.............. 
Do Dah Dippity ,.......... 
Jersey Shore re-runs . Typical since season 2 starts tonight . Sooooooooo sleepy today , just dont wanna do anyting but chill . gonna start callin and buggin peeps . While I run out to return a movie to Hastings . We'll see whats kickin ! 
Oh , there ain't no rest for the wicked , 
Money don't grow on trees . 
I got bills to pay , 
I got mouths to feed , 
There ain't nothing in this world for free . 
I know I can't slow down , 
I can't hold back , 
Though you know , I wish I could . 
No there ain't no rest for the wicked , 
Until we close our eyes for good --------- Caged Elephant 
More and more I'm finding I don't belong in the corporate world . I find the lies , bull$ #it , and decietfulness personally distastefull & immoral . Its a shame a man has to loose Ethics to pay his bills . Equal Opportunity Employment means Equal to screw over . 
I don't understand how a grown adult can be such a dumba$$ . People with no concept of billing and charges and how they relate should be forced to be Refreshed in Education . 
I miss bieng a Ninja ,............ man it sux ,......... 
Ok , watching the new Karate Kid , and is same storyline as old one . Just takes place in China . 
It is so hard to do the right thing and be the right person . No matter how hard I ry , there's always some gutter trash , waste of God's grace always bringing everyone down . I wish I could remove those people from Life so everyone could live it enjoyably . Goodnight FB 
What Happened to AZ Johnson ? She was here one minute , and gone the next ,................... Peeps just dissappearing sammit ,......... 
Go Urlacher , break Rodgers neck ! 
To all my friends and family who came over , FB messaged , texted and called to tell me Happy Birthday , from the bottom of my heart , you guys are awesome and I thank you . 
Dear Wichita Falls , I hate you , and regret the day my family ever came to this dench hellhole full of people out to squeeze the life out of you . Yeah I feel your blue skies , golden opportunity on my dollar . 
First off , Inception was freakin Incredible , definitely on the buy list . The Losers was great and it was hillarious . Now I've got so much stuff to do I can't even begin to start . Another day in Paradise ,................. Lost that is . 
Man ,........ I hope this Supervisor goes through . I might have to hook up on that other job someone told me about . take my chances with layoff next year . hopefully only a year or two left here in this death trap . 
You know , for bieng told I have no soul , I sure felt good when on Glee a cast member performed R . E . M's " Loosing My Religion " . =-D 
Its times like these that make me say ,........... Lord if you see me please come my way ,.......... leave me some bread crumbs to find my way , In case my minds a stray ,............... Love that song . 
You know what I've learned about The World ? Every piece of shit person with no guts , nuts or will of their own , keep good people like my self oppressed . I truly hope to see you all in Hell so the playing field becomes even . 
Number one rule of Cell Phone Call Center Work : Tell me what you need and I'll tell you how to get along without it . 
I'm on my waaaaaay ,.......... I'm on my waaaaaaaay ,.......... Home Sweet Hoooooooooooome ,............... Gnite FB 
Oh today is such a great day ,............ Chicago beat Dallas , me and my girl will have tonight together for the first time in a long time , Im off 2 more days and my blood pressure meds are kicked in . I am so content right now and lovin it . 
So why is it that the littlest company wants to sprout big nutts and go on a witch hunt firing spree like a AT&T with Mini-Me complex ? Im really wondering how much longer it is before the big company pulls the plug . So much wrong , so little right . Like a Heart attack ,...... 
Got help with my car again , and the entertainment center , spent time with my dad , unpacked some more , moved the living room around , took out trash , and got stereo surround hooked up . Not bad for 5 hours work . Nitey nite . 
Why is it days off are always so short , and days at work take forever ? I hope this block goes by fast . 
Thank God I work today and then off the next few days and work Tue and off couple days again . 
Late night , come home 
Work sucks , I know 
Say it ain't so 
I will not go 
Turn the lights off 
Carry me home 
NiNi All 
Im about to burn my Peyton jersey , Bears hat , and destroy everything I have that supports NFL . Im through with arranged seasons . 
Can someone explain to me what the whole " I'm at the movies with @ whoever thing ? " I don't understand the whole @ thing . 
Today is my Friday and I'm countin it out . Booooooooooooooosh ! 
Estimado Hoy , yo odio de freakin usted . Espero que vaya el juego en el Tráfico . Agradable y útil mí acabo de morir , espero que quiera el me nuevo creó 
Night all ,........... need sum sleep to half-a$$ function tomorrow . Even though I sometimes dont wanna function . Just sometimes doesnt seem worth it . 
Dear God , Why is it so hard to find an enjoyable job without bieng treated like a 3yr old child . What did I do sooo wrong , that warrants the suffering I get and have to share with my loved ones ? Kase 
yeah , so , had my first Diabetic Reaction today while at work . Not only did it screw me up , but I got sent home from work because of it . What a great day , Im sooooo thankful . 
So Chris's car got egged while we were driving , Another PROUD WichitaFalls Parental raising . I hope your child plays in traffic ,............ 
How many times will I ask myself " Why ? " how many times , 
How many times will I ask my self " Why did I try ? " 
Now I remember why God allows us to soar so high sometimes ,........... Just to remember how much we've fallen ,.................. Lesson continuously learning . 
Well , put my resume in for S-I-T ( supervisor in training ) I pray this goes good right now cause I need it . Wish me luck peoples ! 
Am I getting smart with you ? How would you know ? 
Im getting really sick of FaceBook . All the errors , incomplete or duplicate postings , log outs , and freeze ups and kick back out to log in screens . I seriously hope FaceBook servers get crashed so their techs know how the rest of us feel for once . Now I remember why I got rid of MySpace ,.......... to upgrade into this crap . eff Face Book . 
back to the grind ,.............. here we go with another day stuck on the dam phones ,............ Epic Fail ,........... 
People who have the opportunity to be adults , acting like children . Screwing up the peaceful night I had going all cause MMEA BULLSHIT . Word of advice , grow thick skin or grow deaf ears ,......... 
Thanks a lot music dept . You really know how to fuck my life up . If it isn't bad enough I have to hear the drama , I have to live it too . And on top I have to repair the damage it caused . Now I remember why I didn't stay in college . Childish ,........... 
Prince of Persia was a good movie . Should have seen it sooner . 
Man I hope the other Job I'm applying for goes through . I have lost all respect for pretty much everything aside from my family and a few close friends . God I miss home where people and things made sense . 
Devin Hester , Brian Urlacher , Lance Briggs , Robbie Gould : You guys are ALL MY HEROES ! Ba ba ba ba baaaaaaaah I'm lovin it ! DA BEARS ! BEAR DOWN ! 
My Reality Check bounced . 
Tomorrow , 8:46 am - 10:28 am ... everyone on facebook should be silent , no postingsor chat , from the time the first plane hit until the last building fell .. REPOST AND PASS IT ON 
Ahhhhhhhhh Ft . Worth ,.......... air pollution advisory , off and on rain and city traffic . How I've missed you ,........... 
Gifts are a way we can prove how little we know about each other , After all nobody gets more pissed off then when they are pigeon holed for the wrong stereotype . - House 
To every person in an Authoritative Position : If your gonna abuse your Authority , go abuse it to someone else who wont knock the piss out of you for bieng a punk broke-back looser of an individual . P.S. I hate my apartment complex and wish they would go out of business . 
I started out with nothing & still have most of it left . 
I seriously hope Woodforest National Bank burns to the ground with the employees in it . I am so tired of working to be in the hole because the bank is full of retard raised pieces of waste . Everyone who has done wrong and harm to me can in an accident . 
Back in Falls ,......... feel like I'm back on death row and the pardon is still pending ,.... 
You will see my life through your eyes , as I see your life through mine . Son becomes father as Father becomes Son ,....................... Love that movie 
I'm done , feels good to cut down on things in my life . Smoked last ciggarette today hopefully . First round of deletions done . Will review the list again here in a few days and make 2nd round of deletions . Initiation of Stress Removal phase one in progress . 
¡Felize Cumpleanos Norma Rodriguez ! 
I like work . It fascinates me . I sit and look at it for hours . 
cookin pork ribbs tonight for my dad . using authentic Chicago style home made sauce . we shall see if this is gonna turn out good or not . 
Lick - Joi is the song stuck in my head now ,....... oh well night FB peoples 
Stop callin , Stop Callin cause I dont want to think anymore ,........... as sang on Glee ,...... rofl 
Off to start my magnificent dinner ,............. Guess My girl , Aimee will findout my cooking skills . even though my girl allready knows ,..... 
Major things I've learned in life : A)I'm not crazy , I've just been in a very bad mood for 32 years , B ) I work 40 hours a week to be this poor , C ) I thought I wanted a career , turns out I just wanted pay checks . Any questions ??????? 
Watching House and eating pizza . Nice start to a day ,........ 
I got two middle fingers and they're pointing at you . 
Straight out of line 
I can't find a reason 
Why I should justify my ways 
I don't need a reason 
You don't need to lie to me ---- Godsmack-Straight out of Line 
Bottoms up bottoms up . Pocket full of green , you know I love the way you shake it in them jeans . Bottoms up bottoms up ! 
Have you ever wondered why A , B , C , D , DD , E and F are the letters 
used to define bra sizes ? If you have wondered why , but couldn't figure 
out what the letters stood for , it's about time you became informed ! 
{ A } - Almost Boobs ... 
{ B } - Barely there . 
{ C } - Can't Complain ! 
{ D } - Damn ! 
{ DD } - Double damn ! 
{ E } - Enormous ! 
{ F } - Fake . just sayin ,.... 
You gotta always protect the McNuggets ! ROFL 
You say you want an evolution ? 
The ape was a great big hit ! 
You say you want a revolution , man ? 
Well I say that you're full of shit ! 
You know , if this is what God has intended for my life ,......... Tell him I'm stoppin payments and he can come reposess this bullchit . I'm fkin through havin FAITH IN COMPLETE MISERY . 
My life be like Ooh Ahh , 
It's times like these that make me say , 
Lord if you see me please come my way . 
Leavin bread crumbs for when I stray 
Rely on sacrifice and the price you paid 
Feel me like a fingertip 
Sometimes I fall I slip 
Got a heartfelt desire be more like you 
Trying not to quench your fire by the things that i do 
Nothin like watchin Fresh Prince of Bel-Aire ,.............. man I miss this kinda tv ! 
Hard to tell where life stops , and I begin anymore ,.............. 
" Don't go around saying that the world owes you a living . The world owes you nothing . It was here first . " -- Mark Twain 
Im so excited , The Dallas Cowboys will be going to the Superbowl ! I heard there was confirmation he bought the 50 yard line tickets for the team to watch !!!!!!! 
Unsportsman like conduct ? Really ? Fuck off you trailer trash referee . I'm surprised The Bears are winning after Piss Poor officiating ,......... 
Faith is the first step , even when you cant see the staircase - Martin Luther King J.r. 
I think that new series Walking Dead is gonna be awesome . Give me something to add to my repetoir of shows . 
I will thank God when TMEA is done . It will be nice to have my wifey back and no more out of town crap . I'm also praying for the Job I applied for . Can't wait to be out of Wichita Falls for good . 
In the words of Rap Star DMX : " My success is directly related to my Suffering " . What better way to describe my life ,............... 
If terrorists were going to bomb anything , why couldn't it be worthwile target like at&t . I seriously wish something to happen to that company . 
Just got done watching " The Social Network " . Hella long , but awesome movie . 
So Shamus comes out on TV , and my Dad says . " Whos the joker wearing the Burger King hat ? " 
rofl Dad ,................... lmno 
I swear this town is gonna have me in a Mental Breakdown . On the better side , we just ate at a new resturant called Luigi's(or its new to us ) and it was awesome . 
Despicable Me is HILLARIOUS !!!!!!!!! 
Greatest trick the Devil everx pulled . was makin man believe he doesnt exist . God proved that everyday of my life . Im through believing in a higher power . Another fairy tale from childhood . That is all . 
Kung Fu panda is on , thank God there's something worth watching on . NFL is like WWE and prescheduled and predetermined . I think its time to give up another childish thing and quit watching NFL . 
In my mind , Im a blind man doin time - Tupac Shakur 
Go Steelers ! Feel free to hurt , maime , and end careers of any Green Bay wanna be Football Players ! 
Papoy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Under increased pressure from so much scrutiny ,........ What did I do ? I acted more stupidly ,........... Kanye West - Cant tell me nothin 
Last pro football game . Thank God I won't be watching anymore bullshit . My New resolution is to not watch pro football anymore . I pray the strike ends NFL . 
Looks like the superbowls over . Steelers put their ass in the air . Off to channel surf to find other shows to watch . 
Are they gonna call any penalties against The polesmokin Packers ? 
Badboys ,........ tv worth watching . Thank God I'm through with sports . Much more relaxing . Hope the strike ends pro football . Its all toilet material now . 
uggggggghhh woke up to sleet storms , test drive roads to make sure Chris can make it home , and Im still sick as he ** . Phones out of power , catch eryone when I can . 
Somedays bieng the nice me just isnt worth it . These people tryin to stress me out dont want to see the un-nice me , because it isnt pretty . Have a great night peeps . 
God tonight is good . Im able to watch one of my favorite movies on Netflix : Full Metal Jacket . 
For my Valentine on this special day : You have always been there for me through ups and downs . I know I havent always done things right , but youve always been my anchor for every storm good and bad . I Love You Forever . <3 
Good Night ! Good Night ! And parting is such sweet sorrow , I bid thee all Good Night until the Morrow ! 
Thinking about going without a phone . Tired of building tenure with a company and bieng treated like trash . Tires of working for companies who want to treat customers like trash . Where did everythomg go wrong ? I give up . 
Guess The Steelers didn't come to play . They let that whore Aaron Rodgers just march down the field for a touch down . Its sad that this sport has let an undeserving team make it to the superbowl . 
Now filing complaint against CBS for noise polution for that crap they call music from Arcade Fire . OMG my freakin ears are burnin and my head is pounding now . Thanks for that Grammy show I will always want to forget . 
I have died and landed somewhere other than hell , thanks PizzaHut , Ive missed the buffalo chicken pizza sooooooo much . And now I have one . :-D 
