is addiccted 2 this laptop and it not even mine its courts xmas present ! am terrible guna put it away soon x 
cant wait 4 nat 2 work her magic on me wigg lol 
didnt go out theres a shock !!! 
wishin u all me facebook buddys a very merry xmas and a wkd new year x x x x 
my beautiful courts prom day , i cried so much with happiness 
all the best 2 u all for the coming year i do hope this 1 is better !!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR 2010 X X X X X 
12th jan 2yr ago , i lost my nana the woman who raised me .... miss u loads nana hope u sleeping peaceful luv u cos u always with us never forget u xxxxxx 
feels poorly somebody guna hav 2 luk afta me .... yeh rite 
is 27 on fri my god am gettin old 3yr and ill b 30 4 fuk sake 
pls can sum1 help me my tv is flashing multi colours wat can i do 2 get it bk 2 normal im demented pls pls help me 
BOUNCIN AWAY 2 ALEX K NRG MEGAMIX .... C " MON OH BABY ... THTS THE WAY IT IS !!! MINT TUNEZZZZZZZ 
RIP NANA ALWAYS HERE IN MY HEART LOVE U SO SO MUCH WIL NEVA 4GET U , 12TH JAN , 2YR SINCE U LEFT US MISS U MORE THAN U NO XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX :( 
really hopes the postman brings a card off me dad ... cos its a decade since the last 1 . 
no tabs , coffee , t-bags my essentials first thing on a morn !!!! sick of bein skint its shit :( 
everyone takes life for granted worryin bout things tht shouldnt matter and expectin the things tht really do matter 2 always b there ... but really who nos wat time we have left and wats round the corner so we should all appreciate who we r and wat we hav . lifes 2 short 2 bear grudges :( 
do not stand at my grave and weep as i am not there i am not asleep ... beautiful poem , thinking of u stuey and all ur family , u will b missed so much rip darling xxxx 
kids they just so lovely NOT 
pls can sum1 tel me were 2 find a dentist tht will pull me teeth out now AAAaaaaarrrrrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!! 
RIP STUEY BLESS U , I HOPE U R AT PEACE NOW AT A BETTER PLACE THAN HERE U WILL B MISSED SO MUCH , U ALWAYS MADE ME SMILE . ITS SO SAD U LEFT LIKE U DID I REALLY HOPE 2 SEE U AGAIN ONE DAY :( U WONT EVER B FORGOTTEN BLESS U XXXXX 
anyone do me a borrow til tues like pretty pls ;) 
pls anybody from darlo drop me a tab in :) chokin ... sum1 sympathise pls aaaaarrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh 
happy birthday barton hope u have a guden no doubt u wil b sessioned rite out xx 
off t docs shortly guna hav a go at stopping smoking its a disgusting habbit tht costs a fortune , but the main reason is my kids they asked me 2 stop , bless em . so wish me luk ppl ;) 
is guna hav a little snooze 
cant wait 2 c papa 2moz and is so so nervous xx 
horrible whingey kids 
lovely day like 
hate going to town i hav 2 b in every shop my god looking 4 bargains lol 
goin in bath brushin teeth shifty sunbed sesh then off t boothill xx 
best make a move need 2 get ready 
the roof the roof the roof is on fire 
nice1 facebook 4 every1 of me mates who wished me happy birthday really made me day yas all hav thanks again ... LUV YAS ALLxxxxxxxxxxxxxMmWwAaHh 
thinks courtney jayne moran and nadine hammond better get 2 sleep now !!!! xx 
guna b a flame red in a min 
is now in reciept of tummy bug and chest infection and feel totally ill so am a staying in me pit ouch 
am feeling so poorly over done it yesterday :( 
wel a feelin bad n t make things worse no tabs or money great init ! 
feeling sick once again 
ffs 
is waiting 4 a very important call off Angela Thompson th little biatch !!!!! mwah xxxxx 
cant take anymore honestly fukd rite off 
??? HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL LITTLE ALYSHA 6 ALREADY TIME FLIES .....?? HOPE U HAV A SPECIAL DAY PRINCESS LUV U STAX N STAX MWAH XXXXXXXXXXXMAMMYS LITTLE ????? PRINCESSxxxxxxx <3<3<3 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , to have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to overcome cancer . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer or even has cancer , post this for at least one hour 
I AM A HANDFUL - Unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , at times hard to handle but , I LOVE AND GIVE with all my HEART . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you ..... I'll be looking for the ladies who do 
congrats t me beautiful sis on her marriage t liam awwwww u luk stunning Lisa James <3 <3 <3 xxxx 
is now a baker as well as a candle stick maker mint corned beef pies the best 
eating these lush things wat Lisa Marie Evans just got 4 courtney handsome mmmmmmm 
guna take our leon t walk in coz poor little man bin poorly all nite awwwww <3 
mmmmmm a wonder a cant get sum ppl like ulterior motiff ??? time will tel of course 
Wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and day before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in HIS arms , I have you in my heart . Re-post ? x.x 
is havin a breakdown .... a seen it comin like 
Mite have a little go on wii fit board quick sunbed then off t kip my eyes r really stinging x 
oh god wsh ste was bk at work man he does my hed in whinging on all the fukin time 
dont no wat 2 do 2day mite treat me sel 2 new hair do am well in need 4 it xxx 
anyone got a gud phsycic num pls like huey 
wat a really awful day i must say probably worst ever but got thru it and luv my mam heaps n buddy piles n as long as we have each other we can tackle the universe ... 
is burning sum housework tunezzz 
has had a bad stomach n been bk t bed OMG ..... Angela Thomdiddelyumptios Thompson i bet ur kettles boiled dry now pmsl will hav t get u a new 1 xxxxx mwah xxxxx 
if anyone nos piney wud u pls msg me her num or ring her pls cos i left my phone on her bk seat and totally fukd wivout it 
is ?????????????????????????? / 4 a change 
is going t have a lovely day spoiling her lovely kids x 
Omg here we go start of 6wks kids doin my fukin napper in wats the point in havin 6 wks whoever had the idea needs fukin hangin Aaarrrgggghhhh !! 
Is goin t dentist and a little nervous t b honest ... Cant keep puttin off ! 
feels so poorly but cant wait t go home n c my kids x x 
<3 
Is bored bored bored cud do with sumit goin on like ??? 
Am chokin 4 tab if any1 passin mine who smokes pls wil u drop 1 in am skint thx x 
i wanna b ur wifey 4 lifey ..... boy u got me goin crazy 
guna get me dinner soon ooh luv ma boyles cookin yummy x 
He found it ha 
me mams on here now ha ha xx go on caza 
i must say i do take a shitty pic ha ha 
luv u nana u will always b there in my heart 4eva wish tht u were still here miss u more everyday happy birthday thinking of u always :( xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
anyone selling any phones cheap but decent pls 
hope everything is ok 4 me mam xx 
Really tired i am 
Havent long been up mite sort messy upstairs and get the nitty lotion on alyshas wig x 
mite get an akita tomoz like 
had a class day yesterday but 2day is another day the little shits r doin my hed in roll on tomoz bk t school woop woop xx 
proper shite it is man ...... same shit just a different day 4 me like 
Omg kian lee 
U luk like a biff tryin t do the hula hoop on wii fit pmsl x 
waitin 2 b x-rayed at hospital 
i love courtney thompson 
were the fuks kian man he just dissapears little bugger xx 
cant stop laughing cos our Dawn Samantha ' Morley ' Seal has just uploaded sum oldies of our mam Caroline June Redden funny as fuk x 
for fuks sake kids fighting again mammy sorts it again pls av had enough , sum 1 help me pls aaaaaarrrrrrrrrggggggggghhhhhhhh 
caught in a bad romance ..... i want ur lovin a want ur revenge u n me cud write a bad romance xxx 
omg ... this fookin shit tip i can tel ste been off work man and kids off skool , all work no play ha ha fuk tht an all :) 
off t skool soon really excited 4 these easter holidays like ha ha 
well might get sum new jeans and henleys hoodie the moz like sounds gud t me like moran ha 
Courtney Jayne Moran is in deep trouble 
dreading thurs 
roll on mon just me leon n missi thank you god thought this day wud neva return WOOP WOOP !!!!!!!!!! ;) 
needs a gud bath but boiler broke looks like trip to me mams wen pick kids up 4 a nice peaceful soak .... sounds gud t me like 
is laid on bed thinking really cant handle the thought of my mam not here anymore i pray she ok god i luv her 2 much x x 
cant believe my phone came home oh my god piney thanks me little bud ... at least now my mind can rest cos ive trashed me house a few times looking 4 tht shitty 4n since yesterday :( 
praying hoping .... thts all i can do i wish sum 1 cud help honestly mental torture this is ..... this is something tht only god can do something t help and only god 
has any1 got a spare 360 joypajd i can lend or buy pls as our kians aint workin and he wont stop gettin on me bk . 
is working on ste so can have a nite out with lorraine sue and co through durham xxx it wil b a gud laff 
is waiting 4 Courtney Jayne Moran 2 make me a lovely cuppa x 
thinks my friend Angela Thompson has lost ze plot so so funny <3 
my washer has been magical and repaired it self crank it is lol 
Life passin by mìstakes and things i did which 
Il regret 4eva and things ì didnt do i wish i had !! 
wondering if i end up with falsies will i still b able t pull ???? 
Cba 
Feels so pissed off want 2 just fuk off and not cum bk ever .... 
fukin worn out of town was supposed t go over my sisters but am 2 tired now guna put me feet up half hour , sorry sis luv ya stax xxxx 
sat in hospital watchin the numbers on lift waiting 4 my mam 2 get bk from theatre 
THINKIN OF U MAM HOPE OP GOES WELL LUV U C U SOON X X X 
fed up 
mates cum n go but true friends r hard t find nowadays , friends meaning sum1 who ya can trust ya life with and no they will b there if u need em .... not take the fukin piss clean out of ya as soon as ya bks turned !!!!!!!!! sum ppl make me sick how cud they even stoop so low !!!!!!!! mind boggles 
hoping my mams op goes well and they dont find anything else 
reckons tht lifes to short t bear grudges we all should appreciate every single day were alive but most of all we should all appreciate our loved ones and family xxxxx 
has lost her blasted 4n once again i thinks tony boyle has cursed the 4n 4 me need t get a newen 
bored am not doin housework am sick its neva any better cos i live with lazy twats 
is in a gud mood 2day cos Steven Thomas Boyle is bein gud xx 4 a change lol 
thinking of makin sum changes in her life big time 
wat 2 do 2day not alot like 
oh fuckin yessssaaaarrrrr ....... i cant fuckin here yaaaa c " mon thennnnnaaaaaarrrrr 
had a canney day again goin in pool soon with ste n kids xx 
off t c wor ma boyle for half hour x 
for fuks sake 
wonders why is ppl so god damn judgemental ... DONT EVER JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER !!!!! COS THE TRUTH IS INSIDE U MITE JUST B SUPRISED 
12th wud of been nanas birtday :( and 13th me mam goes into hospital :( so ill b rather sad this month ppl 
i hav somethin t prove t 
myself cos i can do this n i no it x 
off t skool bye 4 now 
Gudnite am shattered 
happy birthday Steven Pompey Forrest xx 
guna go t town wen kids come in me thinks need t quick bath sunbed shorts on then off a go 
well off t bed now me eyes keep shutting . MAM is ok thanks god hope the last results r ok tho x 
well so far so gud until tht lazy cow Courtney Jayne Moran gets out her pit and starts screaming on like a banshee thth she is :) 
is waiting and hoping ste gets his hard earned pay today 
sum ppl really get rite on my wick a swear t god !!!!!... hypocrit or wat 
Feel sorry 4 raoul moat honestly 
well its all goin on in the next 2 days fingers crossed ppl everything goes ok 4 me mam bless her luv u mam more than u wil eva no xxxxxx 
is feeling th need t move on an change a few major things in life hopefully wil b able t b who i wana b very very soon if all goes t plan .......???? only time will tell 
Lady gaga bitch wiv attitude fookin luv her 
Got hotpoint aqualtis 7.5 kg washer and indesit condenser 7kg both in very gud cond ! Inbox me 
make t ????? or sunbed a wonder 
washer fukd 
is worried again me mam hospital AGAIN , hope she guna b ok like .... hav t b strong 4 her like :( 
U dont no how sick u make me ... U make me fukin sick t ma stomach everytime i think of u a vomit ... 
mmmmmmmm a wonder 
4 fuks sake am fightin a loosin battle tryin so hard 2 keep my house tidy but my kids make so much mess like pure bone idol :-( 
Am sure theres a helicopter out 
Kick off time wen the brady bunch get up 
Mite pop t town me like 
is up but not by choice Steven Thomas Boyle screaming he has toothache AGAIN 
ANY1 WANA PS3 AND4 GAMES INBOX IF INTERESTED 
been t c noddy at boro wiv kids 
omg kids and men both very much alike .... men definately worse like 
Am scared of this guy darent go in kitchen ... 
Leon so so funny mwah luvs him so much me little man got loads t say funny as x 
Is wonderin how @vicki todd luv life is doin ? 
is sat wondering wat special keepsake gift t get my daughter Courtney Jayne Moran for her 13th birthday .... teenager omg <3 
Somethin missin in my life .... 
Very superstitious 
exhaustion isnt the word 
love you my darlin daughter Courtney Jayne Moran bestest daughter in the world xxxxxxxxx <3 
Omg wish tht man ??? Boy ??? Or wat eva he is wud leave stuff alone he has t break everythin or loose things tht not his keep off skinny c*nt lol 
is gettin me shorts on then off t town wiv leon t get mam sum goodies cos shes poorly poorly in hospital bless her xx 
Got hotpoint aqualtis 7.5 kg washer and indesit condenser 7kg both in very gud cond ! Inbox me if interested cheers 
Wonderin why life is so complicated ? And thinkin of somethin i want more than anythin ... It b 2 late like everythin i do 
LOVES ABIT OV RING STING 
Slept in oh shit 
oh gr8 me laptop bk or shud i say courtneys but it seems t b rather slow just like Steven Thomas Boyle pmsl 
Wil b in a gud mood wen seen nat and my roots r done 
David guetta is the boyo like 
Some things just not meant t b even wen u want it so so much :-( 
sat in dentist ... 
Cant wait cos her lovely beautiful gorgeous sister dawn is sendin me dinner thru wiv courtney x x u r the bestest sister in the world luv u x x 
Guna get me head down wen kids go t bed am so tired can hardly keep my eyes open 
a not sitting in today like cba with Steven Thomas Boyle doin my head in off work fuk tht shite mite hav a luk along Vicki Todds 2 c her an jess x 
another long day again tmoz hope the op goes ok n then bk t waitin again t hear the results i hope its gud news as i dont think i can handle much more 
is thinking this bad excuse of summer holidays must b the worst yet ...... AAaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
is so proud of her nephew Liam Chatt ' Morley for bein unique xx special lad xx 
I luv my babies more than anythin x x x x all sleepin tight ohh mwah x 
Courtney Jayne Moran go n c Gemma Burn in the shop and ask her to get th bloody knot out ya hair ya big fanny xxxx 
Kian broken finger 
wat mint sleep last nite i must of needed it 9pm til 6.30 feel great . 
feels like a manic depressive since this thing wiv me teeth :( cud really do with finding a rich man t buy me implants ....... any1 no were theres 1 spare pls xx 
i love Shannon Horazontal Thompson lots and lots xxxxxxx 
omg does any1 no were irish sean went wudnt mind a catch up wiv him he was offit him like 
thought someone was her soulmate and the 1 4 me but omg dont no wtf t think now 
Is guna hav a bath cos am a sweatty betty wiv this clammy weather 
Omg DENTIST soon im petrified :-o 
cant believe i swallowed a birthday candle holder wat a divvy i am pmsl 
Cant av a number 2 :-S 
U do somethin 2 me ... Somethin deep inside ... 
my thoughts r with zola and 2 beautiful kiddies and trents family on a very sad loss of a lovely young lad trent todd . I hope he is sleeping peaceful bless him , and all his family rip lad !!! x x x 
if 
you ever fancied me poke me ? If you think I'm pretty like my status ? If 
you hate me dont bother commenting ? If you love me put a ?? If you like 
me put a :) and if you wanna get with me put a :D ... Put this as your 
status 2 see what you get ? 
Is feelin rather tired mite lie down on couch watch my parents r aliens and nod off a wonder if any1 wil notice hope not :-P 
Goin bk t sleep me like a had late nite again ! 
tel u wat alysha and leon hav had me life 2nite the pair of em bad screaming mammy omg theres no time 4 poor courts and kian ohh bless em love yas all me little chickens xxxx 
iv made sum terrible mistakes in life 1 major 1 tht wont ever 4give myself 4 .. every1 says u hav 2 deal with it n learn from ur wrong . but sumtimes its so hard t deal with wen u hurt so many ppl u luv so much n always will . i will hate myself forever and wont b able t trust any1 cos i did wrong . if i cud make 1 wish i would rewind just 5 yrs and b the bestest friend i should of been t a person who is 1 in a million . 
Omg im sick of livin like the walkers from the bronx ... Were did they go anyways 
Is dancin naked 2 luv songs on me sunbed ... Maybe am thinkin 2 ??? wtf 
sum1 
thought i got over the bug wel no not likely can get off th crappa pmsl 
were to start in this house like :-S 
wk 2 thank god 
luvin missi lovely kitten oh bless shes settled in and the kids hav bin gud as gold xxx <3 
omg why do girls hav t b so fukin mouthy she has t hav the last word she thinks the little cowbag pmsl xx 
wat gud girls Courtney Jayne Moran alysha n Naddy Dianna Hammond r tday duno wat they afta like lol xx 
bath then kip 4 me like same crap another day ??? 
Any1 no wat ginger kev up to these days god i like im so much proper funny lad 
is guna hav t face this housework like :( 
has a very messy house life and family and now 4 fuks sake leon has decided t rub yoghurt all over his fukin hair HELP !!!!!!!!!!! 
really tired th day like eyes r like piss holes in the snow 
My thoughts r with amanda , louise and jemma at this terrible time in the loss of their wonderful mam . RIP sharon hope u are in peace x x x x x i cant understand why life is so cruel ... So upsetin x 
sick as fuk like 
In doctors wiv leon cant stop yawning x 
spent 25 bar in th pound shop tday my gud god its a con me thinks lol :) 
im guna hav a bath n try n go t the crappa again am fed up of bein full of shit lol x 
well im at dentist tmoz for sum fillings and shall i say fukin brickin it like .... OMG oMg OmG AaAaAaAaaaaaaaaaaRRRrrRrrrrrRRrRrrrRGGggggggGgggHHHhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!! 
any1 no if longa is bk tday like 
is feeling a little low cud do with a shoulder :( 
me eyes r stinging 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SPECIAL LITTLE MAN KIAN LEE ! XX <3 
11th of sept sad day 4 sum ... but not me got me hands full , Courtney Jayne Moran turns 13 and leon steven is 3 !!! teenager n toddler mint NOT ! cant wait cos teen sleepover sesh makeup and nails n wateva else girls do lol x 
is feelin kinda shitty tday like 
doesnt no why my cuz has took me off her friends list 
has a mint friend like unique like me u no who u r Angela Thompson mwah biatch xx 
wel me kian alysha n Courtney Jayne Moran r goin over green t hav a little game of footie c if can get rid of me big fat arse lol x 
pay day i hope .... T K max here i cum :) 
wel hospital tmoz bout me teeth hopefully i hav a beautiful smile again soon x <3 x 
wat a really calm day iv had but not long b4 the clang get in ooohhhh dear me it all changes then !!!!!! 
oh my god 2 bad Angela Thomdiddelyumptios Thompson and Mark Cooke i answered questions for fun .... is it killin u both t no wat i said pmsl x 
:| 
is wondering wat my 1 n only friend Angela Thompson is up 2 this day :) 
gud mood wel am tryin ...... excellent mood mon like just me leon n missi 
has had the splats as my alysha calls it lol and guna get ready 4 hospital appointment bout my teeth :) 
been t hospital and t b fair am fukin shittin wen i hav t go n get put t sleep :( 
mite go t the circus tmoz it luk bang on 
aww god can any1 do gud hair cuts need leon done 4 mon bless im he startin nursery 
laid wiv leon then guna really hav t clean this shit tip up 
is sick of this facebook its stopping me cleanin lol .... my daughter Courtneyellie Moran had better been a gud girl with Shannon Horazontal Thompson 4 my lovely friend Angela Thomdiddelyumptios Thompson or else !!!!!! lol xxx 
( 6 ) mouth hurting 
well Steven Thomas Boyle has a pure nasty tummy bug and is dying in bed , im just hopin t god i dont get it or the ship will sink without me keeping it goin . beef stew ... dunno if i dare have any case i chuck it bk up later :( 
missed me friend so much like bk t normal this wk Angela Thompson mwahhxxx 
luk at the time already hate these days go 2 fast sum of them 
shittin me sel omg like neva b4 
is so proud of Courtney Jayne Moran and Shannon Thompson for a mint job wat they did 4 Thompson Angela birthday suprise awwww blesssss hope u like mama bear xxxxxxxxx 
town like ..... oh yea need sum retail therapy after last nites carry-on cranks bring it on 
OMG hospital tmoz teeth out shittin me sel 
Its mammys week . post this with the date u became a mammy for the first time .... 11/09/97 
longfield r at school 
any1 seen me mam like cos a bit worried 
really overslept tday like 1 thing 4 certain is wont b sleeping in tmoz 4 school fuk tht anall 
shattered isnt th word 
on way home thank god afta waitin half hour 4 taxi from neasham rd 
i swear t god little girl u no who u r !!!!!! id like t let a silly little girl dis me like tht and get away with it im fuming .... make sure u tel ya mam im comin if she wants t c me or not , touch my daughter and just u watch honestly u r not dissin me like tht again !!!!!!!! 
best do sum housework 
a got a twattin bad hed again cba had me pjs on all day 
any1 interested in blackberry curve like .... am sellin 1 
thinking of you babez ian miss u stax n alwayz will ...... hope ur sleeping peacefully ill b thinking of u on the 18th dec 4 ur birthday babez n sad 4 u on 19th dec mwah xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx <3<3<3 
omg hope dont ever hav t go t hospital again and b knocked out its awful ..... me gob is aching still luks like surgeon played noughts n crosses in me gob lol 
omg cold cold cold 
What does a G-spot , a woman's Birthday and a urinal have in common ? Men seem to miss all three ! 
nana u left us 3 yrs ago t the day i will never 4get u i luvd u so much xxxx and RIP to my granda redden who passed away on boxing day and funeral was 2day thinking of u xxxxx sleep peaceful xxxxxxxx 
oh god cant believe me fell asleep with th leon and woke up now wtf 
finally gettin warmed up sick of been frozen t the bone 
fuk me 5 fillings me mouth feel like a chinny cunt 
cheers 4 the birthday wishes every1 ... 
3yrs nana u wil always hav a special place in my heart luv u always miss u so much . I hope 1 day i wil c u again x x x x x x x x x 
mental irene n tony giving it wat 4 on the xbox omg wats the world coming to ????? pmsl 
so fookin tired this yawnin constantly is 2 bad 
is excited now cant wait t c th little faces ill b buzzin in tha morn !!! and just got new couch x 
fuk it off up sunnys me like 
feelin poorly omg 
wen confused and u hav t make decisions who can tel me the rite thing ?? Dont like bein a grown up its to stressful wen the decisions up to me . I just havent got a clue cos i fuk everythin up with wrong decisions :-S 
cant get over my mate from school Kev Nicholson is on here and we just bin chatting omg its been so long mental x 
is nearly 30 omg wtf 
all the best for th new year i really hope its goin t b better 4 me :) 
merry xmas hope every1 everywere enjoy all my love and best wishes mwah xxxxx 
awww thts it leon a big lad now his 1st day at nursery n he took on the chin proud as punch i am x 
piss holes in the snow 
(@) 
awww a miss me nana so much wish she was here .., luvd her stax x x 
new hair new me watch this space ha 
is going rug munching wiv Thompson Angela mmmmmm i , m loving it 
MWAH MWAH MWAH laters people 
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
got sum gud news for Thompson Angela and Courtney Thompson i just hope theyre happy lol xxxxx 
any1 interested in this ps3 like want it sold tday 
ere u just dont pop up n call ya aunty a fanny like Liam Chatt Morley 
trust none love a few but always paddle ur own canoe ha 
more t life than this surely 
