at work again . Joy ! Joy ! 
is sooooo tired ! Not even a Full Throttle energy drink is waking me up ! 
Eating shrimp and drinking Corona with lime . Oh , yeah !!! 
is actually having a decent day today . It's about time ! 
has a busy weekend planned . Friday night , going to Bob's to watch the Cardinals/Cubs game . Saturday , playing in a golf tournament during the morning . Going four-wheeler riding with Cherie & Richie Saturday afternoon . Whew !!! I'm already tired ! lol 
Well today , I would have liked to sleep in , but duty called & I had to go to work . If only I could be rich ..... 
Have you ever had a day when everything was right ?? That's how I feel today ! 
can't wait for the weekend ! Going to Cape with Mike , Richie & Cherie . Is the " Pony " in my future ??? Don't know ... ask Cherie . lol 
and cornbread too 
Started taking this medication to quit smoking about 3 days ago . I'm suppose to smoke like normal for 2 weeks and then quit . Now , every cigarette I smoke tastes and smells like crap . I guess that means it's working ! 
Blah .... 
Looking forward to tonight ! 
I haven't smoked a cigarette yet ! It's been 14 hours exactly . 
could someone please turn up the heat ??? I'm cold ! 
Another day at work .... wishing it was the weekend already ! Feeling down today . Guess it's the weather . Rain , rain , go away ! 
feeling restless today ... want to go somewhere . 
Congratulations Mike !!! I'm really proud of you ! 
Nothing to report ... just another day at work . 
I've been smoke-free for 3 days !!! 
Merry Christmas to all my family & friends ! Love every one of you ! 
:-) 
Okay ... I was going for medium brown hair , but I got black . I guess I'll try it for awhile , and then decide . lol 
I'm hoping that all my friends at Tri-County are safe , and no one got hurt after today's events . Just know that all of you are in my thoughts . 
It's going to snow !!! Finally ! I've been promising Michael we'd build a snowman . 
Took a short trip outside today , but was really dissapointed the snow was the flakey kind . Really wanted to build a snowman ! Michael had to settle for sledding down the little hill behind our yard . It was fun , but we need MORE snow ! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Sexy . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best :) 
It's been a verrrrry lazy day today . I plan on accomplishing a lot more tomorrow ! 
You wouldn't believe the problems we've had ! First , couldn't connect to the Internet . Now , we can connect on the desktop ( not the laptop ) . Laptop needs a different verson of software . Then , can't get on FarmTown cause the browser needed updating . I updated the browser . Now , the desktop doesn't have enough RAM to support FarmTown ! Getting that solved Monday . Whew ... can't catch a break ! 
Congratulations to Mike ! He will be getting his lineman certificate tonight . 
Michael Russell Warren weighed 7lbs 9oz and was 19.5 inches long . 
so glad a new season of American Idol is here . 
cleaning , cleaning & more cleaning ! I'm tired ! 
I karate chopped a monster in my car because I'm NOT crazy . 
Well ... don't laugh , but I just got through my first dance lesson tonight . I learned the Waltz and some of the Swing . Most of you know , I normally have two left feet and no rhythm ... but I think I did okay tonight . I didn't fall on my ass or crush anyone's toes at least . lol 
going to bed early tonight . I'm exhausted ! 
Michael had a great Christmas ! Spent the day at mom's house with Aunt Mandy & Uncle Ed . Played Yatzee & Battleship , opened presents , had a great dinner , took a nice long nap with Mike . 
EVERYWHERE N MESSY AND WET 
listening to my husband crying because the Vikings just threw an interception . Plus ... the Colts won , and he hates them ! 
It's snowman time !!! 
had the BEST day !! Michael brought home his tests from last week and got all " A's " . Plus ... some problems I've been facing are working themselves out and things are falling into place . I feel like I'm finally catching a break for a change ! 
Can't wait for the weekend ! 
Is Friday here yet ??? 
going out tonight to see some friends I haven't seen in awhile . Excited ! 
I asked Michael what he wanted for his birthday ( Feb . 19th ) . He gave me a page-long list of nothing but Bionicles . He knew all their names , whether they were good or bad , etc . etc . Left me wondering ... how does he know all that ??? 
Thank you everyone for my Farmville gifts ! Stable is complete . 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other and make sure to tell how long you've been together . Copy and paste this to your profile ... Mike and I have been together for 12 years . It'll be 13 years on May 31st ! We've had our ups & downs , but he's always been there for me . He's my best friend & the " rock " in my life ! Love you babe ! :-) 
Okay ... had a great time in the snow . I'm ready for Spring now . 
It seems like I get sick during every holiday . 
I'm discovering I'm so much like my mom ! We went to Cape today to buy some birthday presents for Michael . Got separated in Walmart . I paged her , but still couldn't find her ! Called her cell phone , but she didn't answer . Finally found each other in the parking lot . Discovered we'd both bought birthday cakes . So ... does anyone need a cake that says , " Happy Birthday Michael " on it ??? LMAO ! 
7 inches :-( 
Woke up today incredibly happy and inspired ! Sometimes it's nice having multiple personalities ! It keeps life interesting ... especially for the people in my life ! LOL 
Just chillin out & doing nothing ! 
Going out to eat at the Japanese restuarant in Cape , then Breakaways to drink & play pool ! 
I can't believe my baby is turning 9 years old on Friday ! It seems like just a few years ago we were bringing him home from the hospital . He was 7lbs , 9oz , and now he is almost up to my shoulders . I wish I could keep him little ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! It means a lot to me !! 
Okay ... I guess I need to actually do something like get outta my pjs and get dressed . LOL 
Spending the day with my " Michael " ! No school today because it's Count Casmir Day ! Schools in Pulaski County are closed . 
Staying at home watching movies tonight ! 
Just got back from Pirate Pete's in Marion . They have laser tag ... it was so much fun ! Definitely got to have Michael's next birthday party there . I'm so tired , I can barely move ! Legs don't seem to want to work now ! LOL 
love this weather ! 
On Farmville , I'm almost done with my stable . I just need 3 more harnesses . If anyone could send me a harness , I'd really appreciate it . Thanks ! 
There are many things worse than turning 40 . Like , for example 
1 . Being eaten by wolves 
2 . Getting your leg caught in a meat grinder 
3 . Poking your eye out 
4 . Running over a baby bunny or duckling 
5 . Finding a finger in your soup 
6 . Irritable Bowel Syndrome 
7 . Losing the winning lottery ticket 
8 . Mullets 
9 . Being chewed up by hamsters , rats or cats 
10 . Bed bugs 
Four A's and 2 B's!!! I'm so proud of you Michael ! 
Great bonfire last night ! 
Had a great time at the Crawfish Boil Saturday night ! 
Last night = Scary 
I think I was on an emotional roller coaster yesterday ... sad , happy , jealous , excited , aroused , angry and everything in between . Today ... I'm back to normal ! I really need to get this bi-polar situation under control ... LOL 
floods and tornado warnings .. so sick of this ! I'm ready for the blue , cloudless skies of summer ! 
still no power here 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of the penis is 3x the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire post . The man is still looking at his thumb . Re-post if this made you laugh . :D 
Had a great weekend even though I stopped smoking 4 days ago ! I think I can do it this time and stop for good ! Also ... I found my cell phone and glasses today after a whole week of not having them ! Things are looking up .... LOL . 
Woman's Ass Size study ... There is a new study about women and how they feel about their ass's . The results were pretty interesting . 30% of women think their ass is too fat . 10% of women think their ass is too skinny . The remaining 60% say they don't care , they love him , he's a good man and wouldn't trade him for the world .. Re-post if you want to make another woman laugh today : ) 
michael & me having a good time at Cape Splash today 
It's great to finally be home ! 
Thank you Richie & Cherie for an awesome week ! Good friends & good times !!! 
So bored ... 
I loved you the minute I heard you were coming . I loved you the second you were born . Then , I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life . 
Whew ... it's way to early for me to be this wide awake & alert ! 
Up at 5:00 am and getting stuff done today ! In a great mood ! 
.... 
A Son will hold your hand for a little while , but he will hold your heart for a lifetime . It's " Son's Week " - If you have a son that holds a key to your heart , whose smile can light up your day , and who makes your lifebetter just because he's in it , copy and paste this to your wall ? 
Baseball practice starting tonight in Mounds .... Michael is excited ! 
feelin good now ... fat boys bound ! 
Nice day outside today , but I'm on Facebook while Mike sleeps in his recliner ! Guess the old folks stayed out too late last night . It was fun though . LOL 
saturday night special ..... lol cherie ! 
Had a great time last night ! 
Having a great day ... went to church with the family ... Mike , Michael , mom , Linda , Bob , Mandi & Ed . 
Today ... eye doctor appointments & glasses/contacts - $500 .... eating out - $40.00 ... Walmart shopping trip - $75.00 , gas & cigarettes - $80.00 ... being with my family & outside on this beautiful day - $priceless ! Had a great day , but I'm broke ! LOL 
I need coffee NOW !!! 
It was so nice today we just had to grill out ! 
Going out to eat Friday ... then going shopping thanks to Mike . Pay up baby !!! LOL 
Taking Michael to the eye doctor today . He's been complaining that he can't see the board at school , so guess it's time for some new glasses . 
Had a great time at Jimmy & Aubry's wedding tonight ! 
Nice day to be outside ! 
Lynyrd Skynrd at Harrah's Casino tonight !!! 
Took Mike to the doctor today ... he's got a sinus/ear infection . Poor thing ! Michael ate at Lambert's in Sikeston , MO for the first time . Loved it ! 
Well ... took a drug test today for my new job ... so should start soon . 
Not a great day ! :-( 
Have a job interview Thursday . Let's see what happens . 
Ohhhh ..... soooooo tired ! 
on the floor 
Back from vacation ... starting my diet Monday morning . 
Had a great time Saturday night ! Happy Birthday Jayce ! 
I hate being sick !! Ear infection ... @#&* ! 
Going to Venture River tomorrow , and hopefully Current River this weekend . If we go to Current River , does anyone want to go with us ? We're leaving out early Saturday morning . 
Going to see the movie " Eclipse " tonight . 
Playing cards , grilling hamburgers and drinking strawberry daiquiris . 
Getting ready to pay bills .... yuck !! 
Spent the day with mom & Michael . Went to Cape to get Father's Day presents for Mike . Michael couldn't wait til Sunday to see him open them up , so we celebrated Fathers Day a little early . lol 
Okay , started my exercise program today . Giving up the cigarettes on Saturday . 
Note To Self : " I am not 25 anymore ! " 
As the storms roll in Lineman all over are packing their bags , lacing up their boots , & kissing their families goodbye . They work all day & into the night without a break , its cold , wet & exhausted but they keep going b/c they have a job to do . So please keep these men in your prayers & remember that they are out there trying to restore and keep the power on for your families ? Got Power ?? Thank A Lineman ? 
Cleaning house today 
cleaning ... cleaning ... cleaning ... 
Preseptal Cellulitis .... yuck ! 
Had a great time 4 wheeler riding today . Hopefully , no poison ivy this time . Fingers are crossed ! 
Thank you to everyone who prayed for my Aunt Mandy . The doctors say she is doing good . Yesterday , she was actually telling jokes ! 
Grilled chicken legs today with squash & zucchini from the garden . Great meal ! Quiet day with my two favorite guys ... it's been a great day ! 
I'm feeling the burn . 
Just got back from Current River ... had a great time ! Kenny ... you make really good jello shots ! 
Feeling great today ! Hoping to get a lot done . 
Had an " interesting " weekend . I never cease to surprise myself ! 
Well ... never mind ... 
Sitting home on a Friday night really sucks ! 
Okay , as some of you might know , Mike got shingles while we were on vacation . His meds cost $213 ! The lady at the pharmacy even apologized because it was so expensive . So , 2 weeks later , he's still not better . He tells the doctor . So , what does the doctor do ? He prescribes him meds that cost $3.50 !! WTH !!! You'd think between the doctor/pharmacist someone would have done that in the first place ! 
no makeup for a week ... don't know how I'm going back to civilization 
This morning , going shopping with Mom , then taking Mike to the doctor again . Will he ever get over the shingles ? I'm getting a little worried . 
Always have fun at Glenn's Christmas Party .... good times ! 
Alabama bound in the morning ! 
is having a great day ! 
Watching Mike & Michael torment our dog with two remote controlled cars . Marley is trying to bite the wheels of a toy car that could probably fit in his mouth ... lol . 
I couldn't sleep for anything last night ... up til 4:30 am . But ... I did get the laundry , dishes and kitchen cleaned up . Feel like crap right now though . 
Michael's first day in 3rd grade .... I hope he does okay . 
Christmas shopping almost done . Now I just need to put up the tree ! 
Three days without a cigarette !! 
Wow ... just received a text message from my mom ... this is the first time ever getting a text from her that she sent !!! Way to go mom !!! 
Watched " Bedtime Stories " with Michael today . If you want to watch a movie that your kid(s ) AND you will like , this is it ! Love Adam Sandler ! 
My son just got through drawing a picture of a fish ... he says , " Okay mommy , you've got to guess what type of fish this is . " I try to think of what fish he knows and say " whale " , then " catfish " , then " gar " . He rolls his eyes and says , " No , Mommy .... this is an Asian Carp . " LMAO ! 
Everyone please pray for my aunt ... she will be having open heart surgery tomorrow morning . 
Had a great time tonight with great people ! Happy New Years everyone ! 
It's so cold outside , I've seen a few gangsters walking around with their pants pulled up . 
It's Thursday and everybody is home . Mike is home sick with the flu and Michael had a snow day . Getting 2-4 inches of snow today . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun ! 
Congrats to the Packers ! That was a great game !!! 
“Your time is limited , so don't waste it living someone else's life . Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking . Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice . And most important , have the courage to follow your heart and intuition . They somehow already know what you truly want to become . Everything else is secondary . 
Just got back from Cape with Michael's new hamster . The little critter managed to knaw a hole in the box and got loose in the car on the way home . We named him Houdini ! 
So tired after this day ! 
