dang haircuts got a lot more expensive . last time I got a haircut it was only $10 . a year later it's now $16.95 ... 
all I have running are 2 youtube videos on internet explorer . WHY IN THE WORLD IS MY COMPUTER SO FREAKING SLOW ?!?!?! 
you know I thought parents were supposed to stop their kids from doing stupid online offers and then fix their kids ' mistakes when the kids do stupid online offers . why is it I'm helping my mom to cancel a membership she did for a stupid online offer ? 
how does facebook determine what's top news ? 
sister : and what hall did they meet to make these changes to the articles of confederation ? 
me : uh ... 
sister : * sighs * the independence hall 
me : ok , I've never heard of that 
sister : look in the index 
me : * looks * yep , it's not there 
sister : ok then this book sucks 
FINALLY ! installing the latest version of flash player SHOULD NOT be this difficult 
* sigh * Computer lagging again . I swear one of these days I'm gonna punch my computer out of frustration ... and then regret it ... 
is it just me or are there more people on facebook tonight than usual ? 
One of the worst feelings is having to choose between two hard choice ... and ending up making the wrong choice . 
anyone have the assignment sheet for that fast food tech homework ? I can't find mine ... 
why in the world do vending machines not accept pennies ? 
our school has it's own online newspaper ... that's just cool ... 
facebook sure is a nice way to learn everyone's last names ... 
really don't see why I can't go grocery shopping tomorrow ... 
uploading photos used to be so much easier . you just press the browse and upload buttons ... 
just now realized what a placemat is ... 
wow ... school starts september 2nd ... I'm coming back the day before school starts ... dang ... 
weather was ridiculous . clear one minute , drizzling the next , thunderstorming the next ... 
is it just me or did the " find friends " button at the top disappear ? 
huh . I wonder if anyone else has noticed that the beat at the beginning of the song , In the End , loops throughout the entire song ... 
had first tennis match of the season against alterdice ( is that how you spell it ? ) . In 10 words or less , we won some games but got creamed ... 
why are there still so many people awake at this hour ? 
I have a headache . now the question is : is it good news or bad news that it's not a fever ... 
times like these I hate the fact that i have to do all the shopping in my family . I'm never gonna get to work on my book report at this rate ... 
Maybe I should've gone to the Library with David to work on my research paper . I ended up falling asleep ... 
is happy because for the first time ever , I finished my history notes before I got to school ! 
A cow with no legs is ground beef . A cow with 2 legs is lean beef . What do you call a cow with 4 legs ? 
why is it when it says " show 2 more similar stories " it shows like 20 ? 
SNOW !!! not enough to do anything , but still , SNOW !!! 
crap . this marathon really messes up my plans ... 
my sister's wallet broke ... how does a wallet break ? 
anybody else remember what we needed on the family tree ( besides the name I mean) ? 
fishville is fun but it sure takes up a lot of my computer's memory . 
* sigh * spent the last 30 minutes translating between my mom and my sister on AIM over some kind of residence issue . just what makes them think I have time for this crap ? 
spaghetti using udon . really tasty too . mom's cooking never ceases to amaze me ... 
is it just me or is our winter break only 7 days ( not including weekends) ? 
clubs : another school idea that seemed kinda cool when suggested ... and pretty much failed upon delivery ... 
thinks I've been having way too much deja vu this school year , and during the weirdest times too ... I just had one eating a watermelon ... 
A good friend helps by making sure you don't do something stupid . A best friend helps by being by your side when you do something stupid . 
the worst part about making an arch bridge is when the arch decides to snap ... then you realize you have to buy a new bamboo stick ... 
going to the CMU spring carnival . anyone who was planning to go today , hope to see you there . 
Ms Mckrell is going to kill us =( ... 
Awesome job everyone ! Now that's what I call an " A " performance . Let's keep up the good work . 
For the dish , I found something from singapore , but there's a Hong Kong variation . does that work ? 
I'm glad my mom's staying with me now . otherwise I'd be up an hour later everyday cooking my own dinner after coming home from stage crew ... I'm also thankful we don't have much homework this week ... now hopefully the next 3 nights will be a success so that all this fortune wouldn't seem pointless ... 
wow ... I can't tell whether more of my friends are getting online lately , or if it just seems that way because I've added more friends ... 
woke up dizzy , unbalanced , and with a headache ... just great ... 
anybody know ms. mckrell's email ? 
just learned that " Virginia " is derived from the word " virgin " . learn something new everyday ... 
Opera = waste of 5 boring hours . good thing there was a musical afterwards ... 
is very happy he has only one major aspect left to finish for his personal project product . 
someone dropped 13 pennies and a canadian cent on the bus ... how do you miss 14 coins ? 
should I read chapter 6-12 even though I'm almost certainly gonna miss english class tomorrow ? I'd rather work on other stuff , like my history notes , but I'll have to go back and read them later so I'm not completely lost ... 
david is so gonna fail civics ... 
am I the only one whose facebook home page layout suddenly just got really weird ? 
does everyone wake up at like 10 or something ? just a couple of minutes ago there was barely anyone online ... and now there's suddenly 6 people online ... and it was like this yesterday too ... 
perfect ... so in addition to everything else I have to do , there's a spider somewhere in my room . perfect , just perfect . isn't life perfect ? -_- 
well can't say our presentation was the most boring ... hey gabbi , matt , demetri , wendy . any of you want some of the noodles ? according to my mom we'll never be able to finish it ... 
I just spent the entire afternoon looking at college stuff . I don't really feel any more prepared , but I'm strangely pleased with myself ... 
had a good nap . now to get back on my essay ... 
... ok that's it . next person to like a page with a ridiculously and unnecessarily long name is hidden from my news feed ... 
Remember , tonight's the last night of the Schenley musical , " You're a Good Man , Charlie Brown . " starts 8 P.M. at Peabody High School and for only $7 . If you don't go tonight you're gonna regret it when everyone else talks about how great it was ... cuz it really is that great ... 
Today was awesome ! English class was so much fun !!! P.E. was pretty cool too ! and after school I went to MCG for the first time in a while . making digital art there is always fun ... 
ok , I officially think this tech homework is just stupid . There is barely ANYTHING that 4 fast food restaurants all have ... 
how many times do i have to say I'm not hungry for my parents to get it ... 
just took out what was hopefully my last baby tooth . does anyone in this world know why I still have a baby tooth when I'm a month away from 16 ? 
for once I'm glad I was lazy and didn't want to go shopping ... 
bored ... simple as that 
going out to eat with my mom for her birthday tomorrow . and finally got rid of all those viruses in my computer 
oh yeah , snow AFTER the winter holidays start and we don't have to go to school ... 
I just realized I got sick 3 times this summer . I only got sick like twice during the whole school year ... I knew there was a reason summer isn't my favorite season ... 
just found himself in one of China's seasonal typhoons ... his entire bedroom got drenched 
ahh ... I just love a bowl of noodles ... 
I can't tell whether this is a result of global weirding or if this is just normal Pittsburgh weather ( which isn't so normal to begin with ) ... 
I hate it when what my heart wants to do goes against what my brain wants to do ... it gets so confusing what to do ... 
Best day ever so far this School year , and there have been quite a few awesome days ... 
is glad he got that macbeth in a minute over with . Now there's nothing to worry about until finals . 
if only annelids and some cnidarians have hydrostatic skeletons , what do flatworms and roundworms have ? 
math league competition went really well if I do say so myself ... 4 out of 5 team questions right , free candy corn . the only problem was the bus to take us back was like half an hour late ... 
sometimes I envy the people who have lived in the same city almost all their lives ... 
just spent all weekend working on homework + personal project . yeah , I have no life ... 
The week has still been awesome . now as long as the sky can stay sunny like it was late afternoon today so that we can go on the picnic , this will have been the best week of my life ... 
How much bravery could this take ? 

POKE me if u everhad a crush on me . LIKE this status if u think ima good friend . INBOXme if u ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment on this if we havehad good memories .... Now lets see who's brave enough to copy and pastethis on their status 
I'm really hoping my computer crashes so I have a somewhat reasonable excuse as to why i don't have a budget project ... 
I just realized : I think Ben Junker and Anna Vitti are the only CAS students I never met before I came into CAS ... 
raining again ? 
* sigh * I got rained on while shopping , I lost one of my memory cards for my video which means i have to retake everything , and the project is due in just 2 days ... anyone else have anything to add ? 
oh what I can't add Aizuwakamatsu as my hometown just because facebook's never heard of it ? 
is diet cola the same thing as diet coke ? 
my sister is yelling at me because I don't know how long it takes for the water to boil ... well excuse me 
I just realized tomorrow is Friday ... at first the week was going by too slow . now it's suddenly friday ... weird . 
sleeping early today to compensate for all the late night work I've been doing last week ... 
I never realized this stinkbug thing was actually a problem . I noticed a few outside on my window , and once saw one in my house but other than that , they were just normal bugs to me ... 
leaving for shenzhen and then guangzhou in a couple of hours . won't have access to internet then so I'll see you all in a couple of days ... 
has anyone tried typing in schenley into youtube ? 
just beat his record for how fast he got over a fever . Before it was one whole day . Now it's half a day . 
is back from his trip to southern china . hope you guys didn't miss me too much . I'm surprised I only got 96 new news feed though ... 
anyone wanna explain to me how to use sine , cosine , and tangent ? 
Internet in China SUCKS ! Is it too much to ask that the internet doesn't crash every 5 minutes ? I swear I'm gonna go crazy before the summer is over at this rate . 
darn it . just where are the rest of my biology exams ? 
my sister's back . I'm not sure whether to be happy or not , but it's certainly been entertaining so far ... 
YES ! finally got facebook to work . seems some time this year china's added facebook to its long list of banned websites ... 
you know you're having a terrible summer when you can't wait for school to start ... -_- 
I'm thankful that everyone I care about is healthy and happy . have a happy thanksgiving everyone . 
all I have to say is , if we get on the wrong plane , well yes it'd be my fault but you should've expected as much . I have practically no idea what I'm doing ... 
went to bed feeling like crap . woke up just now feeling crappier ... figures 
Having a hear t-t o-heart talk with your parents is a little awkward at first , but after a while , it's almost like talking to your friends . and the end result is always satisfying . 
ugh . it's not bad enough I have to taste my partly digested food when I throw up , but does it have to come out through my nose as well ? that's just nasty ... 
whenever I take a break from facebook , I always seem to come back right on time to wish someone a happy birthday ... how do I do that ? 
the bad thing about being a part of more than 1 club/activity/group/whatever is that there comes a time when you have to choose one over the other . and then you're conflicted because both groups feel they're more important than the other . and you feel guilty because no matter what you choose , you know someone's not entirely happy . 
English 2 CAS : to those who do not know or are doubtful , our mystery story is indeed our english final for the semester . mrs. wilson has confirmed it . pass this on ( not necessarily copy and paste ; you can just tell them over the phone or something ) if you can in case someone won't see this in time , especially Sam ( M ) , Daniel ( D ) , Luke , and Fletcher , because I don't have them as friends on facebook . 
to whoever's in charge of bad luck : tomorrow's friday the 13th . let's see if you can create enough bad luck to ruin my birthday . 
why is it that my dad's iphone doesn't need a proxy to get on facebook ? 
first time cooking dinner in 9 months . still as fun as always ^_^ 
today was nice . did practically no work the entire day ( save for two classes , ceramics and tech ) . 
LOVING the new opening and ending of yu-gi-oh 5d's!!! 
These reading questions are a lot harder than they looked on Friday ... 
has officially found his first teacher/school staff that he hates . 
If I may say so myself , awesome india festival today ! 
until today , I did not realize the song " alone again " was in both stuart little 2 and ice age 3 
I still can't tell the difference between interests and activities ... 
I wish we had math homework that DIDN'T involve drawing graphs every other problem ... 
finally learned how to use sine , cosine , and tangent . thanks mom ... and thanks to you too calculator ... 
Is having fun trying out seamonkey 
now why couldn't the weather have been this nice during the weekday ? 
finished reading A Separate Peace ... still don't know why it's called A Separate Peace ... 
section 4 , problem 31 : the answer on the back is incorrect ... it SHOULD be 2019 , not 2017 . where do I go to complain ? 
Reasons to go to MCG ( from lowest priority to highest priority ): 
1 . get creativity hours 
2 . fun classes 
3 . hang out with friends 
4 . long bus rides 
5 . on the day of the signup , eat 4 pizzas before you even get to dinner =D 
What I learned today from chemistry : if you do not have an ice tray , you waste a lot of oil ... 
How did we meet ? ( copy this to your status and see who remembers ) 
for those going to homecoming : hope you have fun . for those that aren't: go ahead and chat with me tonight if you want . I'll be keeping facebook open while I work on my history notes . 
self-discipline sucks sometimes ... 
I sometimes wonder why I'm such a loyal , committed idiot ... Unlike my smarter friends , who decided to go home and finish the english essay , I went to stage crew , even though I don't even have 1 page done yet ... looks like another sleepless night ... 
Reading stuff on leo for english homework . I do not sound like a leo . at all . 
Like my status and I'll tell you ... 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 
2 . The color you remind me of 
3 . My first memory of you ... 
4 . The animal you remind me of ...... 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you 
6 . My favorite thing about you 
7 . Challenge you to post this 
this is why you shouldn't put stuff off until the last minute . lesson learned ... for the 4982nd time ... 
Sweet ! found out i could use google documents to type out my essay ... 
I remember back when winter break seemed like an eternity . now it just passes in the blink of an eye ... 
sweet . microsoft office 2007 already has the exact format for the outline 
Mr. Naveh makes finding a why question sound easier than it really is ... 
had forgotten what it was like to carry a 50lb bag of rice ... 
the first day of one acts was a success if I do say so myself . thanks to everyone who came . for those who didn't , hope you come tomorrow . 
figures we'd only have a 2 hour delay -_- 
CRAP !! fell asleep when I came home , woke up around now , meaning I missed the deadline for the tech homework . and i didn't even need to stay up that late over the weekend since the history notes weren't due until friday . yeah , I hate my life right now ... 
20% of my semester grade and all I have to do is write a story , no essay . Best english final ever ... 
never mind . spoke too soon 
is jealous of all the people who have christmas trees ='( 
cooking lunch : fun . washing dishes : not fun . just another drawback of having no school ... 
I swear my sister hates doing dishes . she gets me to do them almost every chance she has , even though we had an agreement that I would cook food and she would wash dishes ... 
holy crap . I had 3 cuts on my foot and I didn't even notice until practically the entire bottom of the foot was covered in blood ... 
the good news : no school . the bad news : I'm gonna be bored out of my mind ... 
who knew the school delayed for really cold temperatures too ... but I'm not complaining . no music class again =) 
