is just laying there 
is feeling of a trance is mersmerising , neither awake or asleep , dont feel alive or here , its awakening 
needs some abuse ... come on i know you've got it 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ! i fuck everythIng up without even knowing how ! FCUK ! 
if i sleep during the exam tomorrow i get more hours to revise now .. 
has seen the abyss and nether , the wide emptiness of it , a rage is growing 
must have stabbed her 50 fucking times !!!! 
like a nightmare 
bird in the house = death 
the word is my expense , the cost of my desire , Jesus blessed me with its future and i protect it with fire So raise your fists and march around dont dare take what you need i'll jail and bury those committed and smother the rest in greed Crawl with me int 
may have permentantly lost his goggles , hmm this isnt a 2 weeks looking back , i mean its got moments redeeming it but on whole its been pretty shite 
it ends tonight 
and time to go back to endure the heat of the hottest day of june like some sort of roman god 
too late to go back to sleep ( or is it ? ) 
FUCKING AWESOME !!! THERE IS MIGHT AND MAGIC GROUP ON HERE !!!! 7 FTW !!!! 
upcoming megadeth album soon !!! 
time to kill the builders with blasts of sonic recreation !!! 
i went to the youth centre to try and be a big brother . ' why you do something stupid like that ? you're not big and as for being a brother pah-hahahaha ' 
returns to a lot of emails , and feelings of exile , disillusionment and dispair 
is going to make a silent pact that n o-o ne knows , but anything causes consequences , just to see what happens 
my response to having a cake thrown in my face , eat it 
quite likes the cave 
I got a need and i'm wanting to please it 
loves itv4 ; highlander and now Conan the barbarian , its epic 80s fight films ! FTW !!! 
pete is trying to grow himself a penis by using a dildo and miracle grow 
what qualities do we want in a fire ? Up the nose ! 
hey mr dream seller where have you been ? tell me have you dreams i can see , i came along just to bring you this song can u spare one dream for me , you wont have met me and your soon forget so dont mind me tugging at your sleeve , i'm asking you if i can fi 
actually beat bubble shooter ! 
going round the world gotta find my girl , on my way , been this way 10 years to the day , i gotta ramble on 
is shite ! 
saw advert for bruce almighty , its like someone has seen my life and made a film 
needs a masseuse 
needs something , but if you are stupid to ask what i will lash you 
choice ; spout crap or spout charm ? 
KEVIN SMITH FTW !!!!! 
You will wear leather clothes which will last you the rest of your life , you will hunt deer through the abandoned and overgrown shopping complexes The Drean 
BOOM !!!! Brain Implosion ! 
is just some guy , wandering a path 
cheer the shit on as then at leat your be on the winning side and have something to celebrate 
oh the drudgery , if only if only 
dont be my friend i'm not a fool 
feels like flying the black and red flag and beating the shit outta rightwing fascist nazis 
ohh theres a coin in fast traffic !! MINE ! 
there is something very '' special '' about the US right wing , whilst attacking free public healthcare in the US , ( the rightwing magazine US Investors ' Daily claimed that if Stephen Hawking was British , he would have been allowed to die at birth by its ' socialist ' healthcare system . Hawking then replies with a polite cough that he is British , and ' I wouldnt be here without the NHS ' ) from wednesday independant 
time for a proper full blown shave , i love the smell and feel of blood in the morning , well frankly anytime 
broken nose and bloody clothes , better send me to the asylum 
who can make flat packs turn into beds ? 
watching life of brian and remembring true awesomeness o ' monty python ! 
so long and thanks for all the fish 
WEEK OF THE CRUSADER : - charge forth and slay your enemies ! Zealous fury and righteousness will give glory !! 
FUCK ! 
needs another fight 
to them you're just a freak , like me 
hitchhiking is good , towels are good too 
apparently has to bring in a box of chocolates for ppl at swimming next week ,, of course their not going to be eaten on the way over ... 
ENPF ..... FTW !!!!! 
god i love the feel of leather 
; it aint gonna be alright on the night 
isnt sure if the the neighbours as knocking on the wall to get him to be quiet , but screw them i'm in a bad mood they can come round and i'll tell they to ' op it 
should really stop playing with knives , well one more time 
' marc you're just a wanker ' , well we all have our little roles in life dont we ? 
bring on the dinosaurs !!! its london time ! love being back home 
break open this casing and the warcry will echo around these walls 
I BE WALKING GOD LIKE A DOG , AND HE SHITS RIGHT IN MY PATH 
I'll wait here , You're crazy , Those vicious streets are filled with strays , You should have never gone to Hollywood . They find you , Two time you , Say you're the best they've ever seen , You should have never trusted Hollywood . 
mike is in cambridge- and he dont know ppl he talks to me but i'm limping dead 
woohoo some people have actually moved in next door , now i'm not the only one in the kitchen ! 
is gonna shop for present 
finally gets to swim tommorrow ! 
cambridge its just like london 
all woaded up , but seriously how am i gonna get this shit off ? 
apparently we're in the age of aquarius at the moment 
we apologise for the inconvenience 
has got this cambridge knife !!!! 
everyone says aww when i say i'm going on tuesday , but inside i can hear the woohooo !!! 
apprechiate what you got , and i'm pretty fantastic 
hmmm i need a drink 
love wearing my dinner jacket and love the look on random peoples faces as they wonder why i wear it 
i'm always stuck with being the guardian angel/bitch looking after people 
is going to Rum ( i may have spelt it wrong but who cares its scottish ) hang out in a castle , look at some deer and endure epic rambling !!! 
van gogh says to go out , should i listen to him ? 
somethings even alcohol cannot tame , a melancholy so foul it ruptures the body and the soul evaporates through its newly created pores , the eyes become truely dour and grief stricken , pain is a constant in mans life , but emptiness and void are worse than ritualistic precise science of torture of the catholic church in the middle ages upon heretics , 
oh my ankle is bad and i mean fucking bad , perhaps i should upload a pic or is it too sad ? 
oh dear , a bloke strips for a prize and he has a wankstain on his underwear , well done you tard , funny as fuck mind 
loves bring a force of terror ! german military brand ftw ! 
do you know how many forms you need to fill in when someone calls you a sexist ? 8 
gotta love captain jack sparrow although my life is still like bruce almighty 
loves a good fight and loves getting a bit of blood spilt only shame is he cant remember the details anymore 
who was that absolute walking behemoth legend going through town ? aside from Hughuesy i mean , oh yeah me with dry cleaning over my shoulder 
had an amazing swimming session !!!! chlorine cant burn eyes when alcohol nulls it !!! and feeling a detached heart beating away within a core of a being who isnt you yet is close is amazing 
needs a hammer for msn 
busted his ankle !!! 
is gonna have to beat his punkass cambridge uni friends for that txt prank u fucks !!! was brillant and if u left the cripple girl outta it i would have gone along more lol , u cunts epic 
is it wrong waking and wanting to kill ? 
wants to go to the cave , the echoes of stillness and roar of water , the bright of night , the chilling bone , the feral hunt , the sophiscated barbarism 
getting back to thanet late tonight , and quite tempted to go out as i arrive 
feels like a genesis/phil collins rave around somewhere just say the word , su su sussudio , just say the word , oh just say the word 
grim determination to nothingness 
wonder if they take blood at cambridge ? 
FUCK !!! and i thought today might be a good day 
ACCORDING TO TV I CAN ADOPT A POLAR BEAR !!!! FUCK LITTLE LITTLE KIDS WHO ARE HOMELESS AND UNLOVED I CAN ADOPT SOMETHING WHICH CAN RUIN SOMEONE ! 
HAIR GOING PROPERLY BLONDE AGAIN !!!!! I LOVE CAMBRIDGE FOR THIS IF NOTHING ELSE !!!!! TAKE THAT MARTYN I GET BLONDE HAIR NOT YELLOW FROM THE GIFT OF THE SUN !!!! 
he needs a quiet room , with a lock to keep him in , its just a quiet room , and he's there , he plays an old guitar with a coin found by the phone , it was his friends guitar , that he played 
FAILED !!!!!!! 
/Mark with c and a small m , who everyone thinks is a wanker 
wow i actually seem to have a real room at last , now i just need a bed 
fuck me inside out i need to think of something terrible 
pay people the old fashioned way = cash 
should have brought his alcohol and ps3 games as he brought ps3 and films but not any games !!! although apparently oblivion was hiddened inside fightclub 
like brad pitt but english 
its like dying except we keep getting kicked in the balls as we're down 
we apologise for the inconvience 
mike is a jew and on facebook on my ps3 
ahh drunken blackouts , i love them but i just wonder what i did 
You don't have to leave the lights on I'm so used to being blind No more goodbyes or yesterdays So it's I'll see you tomorrow , I'll see you tomorrow 
i feel in the mood to have another goggle related photo session ..... or is it too early ? 
FUCKING RUM IS THE SHIT !!!!! RUM FOR THE WIN !! HELLBOY FOR THE RUTTING CHAMPION !!! MOUSE02/MONTY IS NOTHING , BUT I DID MISS URBAN SETTINGS ! GLASGLOW REMINDED ME OF THANET BLUD !!! SHANK YOU ! 
as they dont have a course in drinking spirits i took my other passion wildlife 
no reading week so not going home now 
quite enjoyed his day , and gets to play the innocent party on both accounts of being wet as he didnt start them , 
is in a kitchen with stereo listening to music after the S&U bar closer 
apparently not going home this weekend but next , at least i'll have stuff brought up 
a jog around parker's piece and a cold shower is just a great way to revitalise 
it seems my leaf is losing its carotenoids shame 
has said how his ankle has happened too many times !!!! STOP BLOODY ASKING !!!! TWONKS ! 
when u run out of tissues and have to start using all those stolen napkins u know its a fucked up cold 
you're not really here are you ? i'm totally delirious and strapped to a bed in rehab arent i ? well can you do some jumping jacks for me then ? 
ah check and mate ....... i lose 
the benefits of a day off ; cleaning your room , cleaning that kitchen that your officially part of but dont use , cleaning your adopted kitchen , cowering in terror at the thing in your toilet as it has developed higher intelligence and is now trying to join the EU , looking for that all important squirrel costume for halloween and other amusing purposes , studying mail order bride catalogue , make a load of bullshit 
ahhhh interesting my hair is insane 
test of faith 
ah morose mornings lovely , such a joyous enactable infection of the empathic pathways leaving the soul just the correct correlation of dead and rended , ah well ; smile 
had a good night , although most upset that doorman wasnt sure if my passport was me ...... cunt still the plan is good and i see a swim coming up 
at the moment i wouldnt wanna be in a not me place if i was someone else 
We're going down in a spiral to the ground , No one , no one's gonna save us now , Not even God , no one saved us , No one's gonna save us , 
lets get that swim-swim on ! booya ! 
There are no impossible dreams , There are no invisible seams , Each night when the day is through , I don't ask much I just want you , I just want you 
I have a choice pretend to be stupid to get you off guard , pretend to be stupid as i cant be asked to work something out and i want you to do it for me , pretending to be outrageously stupid to hide the fact i dunno whats going on or being geuinely stupid . 
ah home , a place to be ignored by friends remaining at home who dont recognise you at all anyway , ah well i get to use my evening watching buffy with family 
WOOOOOOOO !!! Feel the adrenaline pumping , its go time baby !!! Hoo-Rah ! 
You'll grow to loathe my name , You'll hate me just the same , You wont need your breathe And soon you'll meet your death , Not from the years , not from the use , not from the tears , just self abuse 
its like fucking owww 
i'm on a boat ! 
If this is a rom-com , kill the director 
ahhhhhhhh i keep zoinking !!! 
is back in the shithole of thanet , ah its like going to glasglow and seeing filth on the streets and getting homesick all over again 
I'm just sitting in my car and waiting for my . She's scared i'm gonna take her away from there , dreams of her country left with no one there 
You're gonna wreck my mind , And I hope you do it all the time , You better give it your best shot , You know I'm crazy , crazy like a fox , Don't you turn your back on me , You just make it worse , You look just as beautiful , When you're movin ' in reverse , Come on , be nice , oh babe , You're gonna wreck my life , Make me crazy , make me jump all night , You must be an earthquake , ' Cause I'm shaking in my shoes , 
its odd when you dont want to drink but still wanna break out the whiskey as its your ' go to ' object 
and i just wanna sleep .......... with your sister 
ah if only i was allowed 
is actually going st andrews for petes 3rd year for raising weekend , it actually sounds absolutely brillant !!! hammered at 1 on a sunday ! 
has lost my phone so dont text or ring it , oh and dont ask either 
is it bad that wearing a crown feels so right ? 
woohoo name approved !!! 
QOTD : Mike : watching you eat is like watching a caveman learn to eat . Me : what like captain caveman ?. Mike : no as he CAN eat 
hmm i'm now too poor to do anything good , arent i lucky ? 
i hate Caroline Claire Wilson Ferri for editing my facebook at times 
'' it was a dark and stormy night '' 
Just one little glass , Makes the night go fast , You can have what you want , If you pay the girl cash , I said girls , Girls in Black 
Meet me in the summertime We can move the air Sweet Virginia countryside I will meet you there 
i'm not worth the effort 
' excuse me but does this smell like chloroform to you ? ' 
never a frown with golden brown 
oh if only i had money i'd go to a masseuse about my neck and shoulders 
Hope dies and you wander , The otherworld it makes you , Dreams they rip asunder . The otherworld it hates you , Free now -- ride up on it , Up to the heights it takes you . Go now if you want it , An otherworld awaits you . 
I see faith in your eyes ! 
you stare at the ceiling and wait , you maneuvre around your crappy box room in the dark bored , you sit on the floor of your shower room in the dark with the 30oc water pouring over you , you just think fuck it and dont care anymore 
( sf ) 
i know you've decieved me now here's a surprise , i know that you have cos there's magic in my eyes , i can see for miles and miles and miles and miles 
ok i need to think of a way of giving up thinking , any suggestions any at all ? 
Why'd you have to go and let it die ? Do you ever think of me you're so considerate 
enjoy the pagan festive everyone ! 
i got a head full of ideas , that are driving me insane 
if i see any Apis mellifera i will kill them 
this is not for others , this is a declaration of my thoughts so i dont lose them 
if i've forgotten someone's card i will just take it out on them , screw it its their fault somehow .... 
wonders how many ppl actually have a good knowledge of comics 
some things we dream of , some things just happen , we just have to be lucky enough , sometimes i wish i was more lucky 
what can i trust ? 
ended up with blood all over him , thank christ i took my top off , else it would have gone on my shirt , although it did go on jeans .. 
BLACKED OUT !!!! 
AHHHHHHH FOAM HURTS EYES !!!! AND I MAY HAVE A RASH FROM IT ! LOL ! 
when strength counts for nothing 
crack pipes , needles , PCP and fast sharks , kind of mix real well in a dead floating marc 
apparently there is a lunar eclipse tonight 
none of my friends are annoying . oh and i'm like spiderman 
'' The greatest danger today could be your stupidity '' that sounds like everyday , how is today any different , and yes i did write this before with danger instead of stupidity , wasnt i smart ? 
Old , weak , and feeble , But the lesson taught to me , To stay away from evil , She doesn't care for me . 
I’m your dream , make you real . I’m your eyes when you must steal . I’m your pain when you can’t feel . Sad but true . 
someone help me find my keys please ? i'm thinking like me and its getting me nowhere !!! 
i may be like a leopard but hell you're still nowhere as cool 
i drink while i wait for my destiny 
has been looking at the photos on '' in my day used to suck blood not cock '' , fucking epic and funny 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU for just one hour ? ( it may look girly but fuck it , its trying to raise a point , and raise awareness ) 
christains knock on my door to convert me , i talk philosophy and they run scared 
damn you disney ! 
had an amazing 12 hours and didnt want it to end , i miss uni for staying out til i want and hanging out with those i want endlessly 
maybe i should get a haircut ... 
SUR-VIV-OR !!!! 
QOTD : Anna ' i cant be a lesbian i'd miss cock too much ' 
Olivia Martin ; also comes in braile .... 
is apparently tuxing/dinner jacketing it tonight at petes behest as its my last night 
today got better 
you can take a sugar frosted FUCK off the end of my dick ! 
i'm just sitting in my car and waiting for my girl !!!!!!! 
ok i'm gonna be real lazy some people think of new years resolutions for me 
somewhere within the sleepless nights , alcohol fueled smiling , music pumped dancing , there is an empty nothingness consuming all we know 
peter taylor has had its wireless decomissioned , my wired connection is shit and i could really punch the hell outta someone at the moment , this hasnt been the best day , 
do ya think i'd be able to fool my mum into thinking i've had a haircut as i can see my hair getting blonde again which is freaking awesome as its returning to godhood , so you think i can ? 
i got a haircut and i look in the mirror like ' who's this motherfucker ? ' 
ah if only i had the heart of gold 
is sickened at anyone who likes filthy crumpets 
may be a cunt(its ok i'm english ) and a villain but at least i'm a gentleman and good guy 
the game is afoot ladies and gentlemen , if bested then the forfeit i will face with honour and jovial pleasure , with success i will think of something .... intriguing 
may be in love 
It's airline policy not to imply ownership in the event of a dildo . Use the indefinite article . A dildo . Never your dildo . Never , ever say the dildo accidently turned itself on . A dildo activated itself and created an emergency situation that required evacuating your baggage . 
cant sing cant run , what can he do ? 
i can just about appreciate/ will tolerate hearing about/ watch/ talk about ( if i have to ) twilight for one person only and that is as she means so much to me , even if i did a bad thing about her status ... 
right new idea so i dont get tricked again ( although they were epic for doing so ) , remember which girls u give your number to , remember their names and dont hope it was that swedish girl u were talking to without further proof it was her 
i am a worm before i am a man 
i like veins , lovely lovely veins , along my arms and hands , 
anyone else feel like their brain is corroding their head ? ah well at least my back is fixed cos of that uber massage chair 
So i suppose now you want to ravish me ? .. In a moment , ( to the side ) the woman's insatiable 
may go for a jog at somepoint maybe 2ish 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
How bout i drink a mug of shut the fuck up ? 
ah joy sneezing blood , the lesser known song by slayer 
Livy ; How do you dispose of batteries ? As i get through them quite fast ... 
Rum !!!!!! 
after 4-5 pitchers of vodka and redbull i still fucking ghost 2 pro pool players ! yeah Alex blud we shanked them and they were sober as fuck ! 
is in a half good mood 
you know your ill when its hard to lift your head properly 
soon i take my leave , bugger i best get my shit together 
one does not simply walk into mordor , its black gates are guarded by more than just orcs , there is evil there that does not sleep 
blue 
i have internet at last !!! now what ? 
i actually swear if someone takes mjy new stockpile of food without asking i will murk them 
theoretical ecology- oh yes its like god just told physics to fuck off this is how the universe runs 
' look ma , i'm roadkill ha ha ' love the mask such a classic 
am i the worlds dream or i am dreaming of the world ? 
Do you do requests ? What kinky stuff ? Yeah i'm game 
FUCKING SNOW !!!! ITS ABSOLUTE SHITE ! 
something's odd or maybe afoot , interesting ; tally-ho ! 
got all dressed up , black suit , black shoes , black shirt and then we went to eat in subway ..... didnt i feel like a silly bugger ? 
dont feed the narcism 
really hopes we have reading week , will blantantly going back to thanet 
there's a girl thats been on my mind , all the time , sussudio oho . Now she dont even know my name , but i think she likes me just the same , sussudio oho . Ah if she called me i'd be there , i'd come running anywhere . She's all i need , all my life , I feel so good if i just say the word , sussudio 
i'm too poor to live 
I am writing My life to laugh at myself , and I am succeeding 
god i love playing football , yes i may maim , yes i may be absolutely psychotic but it is amazing 
great so i'm poor , in love , unemployed and have alot of work to do in a small amount of time , is it just me tempted to go out tonight ? 
I can't get to sleep i think about the implications , of diving in too deep and possibly the complications . Especially at night i worry over situations , I know i'll be alright perhaps its just imagination 
wait for it 
its filthy down there 
today was a good day 
has no free texts or credit . 
ah if only i could compose i would sing and write a song about the greatest of religions ; JEDI 
no just a wild stab in the dark which is exactly what you will get in a minute 
at times i feel like spiderman 
Seeing kiss from a rose video in a takeaway shop has cascaded a romantic music night , keyplayers being genesis 
tick without tock without tick without tock with tick without tock 
But the only brew for the brave and true , comes from the Green Dragon !!! 
I would love to say these heart twangs i get are as i miss you so much but in reality i think its colesterole 
define what you feel life is 
i think my subway had an enema in it 
' I got a call from my girlfriend . 
'' Things aren't working out '' she said . 
'' What do you mean ? '' I said . 
'' I dunno its not you , I'm in a funny place right now ..... '' 
'' You bitch ! You went to the joke shop without me ? '' ' 

Now why can't i think of something that witty and brillant at a time of clear disparity , 
openning my birthday bottle of JD !!!! 
russel howard you absolute treat , it was bloody beyond great 
Day 1 . It Begins 
Ba-da-da-da-DUM-DUM-dum-dum my Sharona ! 
why are koalas stealing my socks ? 
oh squirrels you little buggers what fun would we have if i was allowed an over-extravagant pistol and enjoyed pointing it at you and BOOM , splatting you over the foliage 
sickipedia the place where i get my news and relaxed attitudes towards everything 
24-fucking-hour library my white ass !!! how the hell can i do work which my mum is expecting tomorrow now ? 
' Everybody wants to be a cat , cos the cat's the only one who knows where its at ' oh i'm so killing the last person who made me watch aristocats and got that song in my head 
SHIT MY ARSE ! 
Chuckle-Chuckle Vision , Chucklevision ! Ba-bum-bum , bum bum ba bum . 
WHY NOT BAZAAR ? 
STRESS ! 
If you watch Mr. Bean without the laughter track , it's a very moving drama about a man with severe learning difficulties who struggles to cope with simple everyday tasks . 
Shyness has a strange element of narcissism , a belief that how we look , how we perform , is truly important to other people . ~ André Dubus 
bop-bop-de-do-wop 
I have a stalker . She follows me everywhere shopping centers , restaurants and the pub . Texts me and calls me all day no matter how many times i tell her to leave . I wouldnt mind , but I already have a girlfriend . 
Damn Marriage 
i love my mum , she proper gets me 
should i start my assignment or should i make some dinner and play on computer games for a bit more ? 
What ? Where are my friends ? 
Its Black Books ' status day ! Customer : Look , there's no other way to say this , but I didn't come in here to be insulted . Bernard : Well , I didn't ask for the job of insulting you . In another life , we could have been brothers . Running a small , quirky taveria in Sicily . Maybe we would have married the local twins instead of wasting each other's time here in this dump . But it was not to be . So hop it . 
'' solitary!!!'' why ? '' for protection '' i dont need protection '' protection for them '' 
sees typhoons overhead and automatically thinks of cod style shooting them down with a rocket launcher 
when you're telling to your computer to let you poke your girlfriend you know that it hates you 
just had the single most painful experience of his life 
Marc's not in at the moment , you could leave a message , but it won't do much good he aint coming back 
But I , being poor , have only my dreams ; I have spread my dreams under your feet ; Tread softly because you tread on my dreams . 
is disgraced at the number of swastikas he's seen around ramsgate if i catch someone spraying one they will regret it 
got falcon punched 
ah i have no ability to texanyone so i'll use this instead , a erry easter t ' all , no wait 
I will smash your face into a car windshield , and then take your mother , Dorothy Mantooth , out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again . 
We saw these girls , they were wasting away dying , they've been away from the kitchen for too long !!! 
Die ? Its the last thing i shall do 
i like wearing suits 
i know the chances are low but has anyone seen my passport ? on nights out or something ? 
hopefully this name change will work 
You ever tried a pan-galactic gargle blaster ? 
new doctor who ... i think that wasnt bad , jury is still out on the new doctor but good episode i feel 
woohoo cod and fable work on xbox , now i wont go out or do anything else with my life 
has just cooked 4 steaks and is eating them 
made snow angels in the graveyard , hardest bit was getting them out of the ground 
Yeah there were horses and a man on fire and i killed a guy with a trident ! 
TVRs the way to not be able to sleep and endure great mind-numbing boredom 
just gave blood with Shiny Happy People on the radio , 
does anyone know the reference for the field guide for the plants for ecology ? 
loves a little bit of Michael Goodman and Hannah May Kenison on a thursday night ! 
One- nothing wrong with me ... 
RED ARMY ! 
has multiple copies of the book ' Wild Animus ' and may be distributing these amongst people or throwing them for comical reasons 
Champion !!! Watched the races , made a gorgeous meatball dinner for the family , and ate in the region of 35-45 meatballs by myself , ladies and gentlemen i am king 
not a good day 
twist 
massive invasion of insects , one is about 2-3inch wings , instead of running like a girl ( like some people shame on them ) i'm hunting it , and if even if its a bat it aint got a right to invade my room its clobbering time 
i'll give a conservative estimate of like 200 years until population dynamics are severely affected and that the distribution of the world is much more sparse and independence of individuals and abilities will have to be increased and create c o-o perative efficient groups possibly within a wider network to allow information transfer and advancement . Alas the inability to see it . 
ah the hilarity of my life ; i drop my keys into the gap in the lift , and it will cost 48quid for a new set , ah life truly does just use me its cosmic joke ah-ha-ha-ha 
god i do love motorhead 
too long 
ecology essay , the words oh buggering crap come to mind when i think how to get a computer to do a diagram for a line transect if anyone knows dear god please tell me 
All the love in all the world , is not enough to save my soul tonight 
Good Morning boys and girls , hope you're all fantastic , keep smiling 
time to alleviate the situation with quotes from cockney gangster films , and then to cover it with bellydancing 
Ah doctor foster , what a lying bastard , gloucester was sunny and warm as anything . 
Alcohol , mates , tunes , more alcohol and burgers , was hilarious and brillant . 
I am sexy , beautiful and have the perfect body . I am everyone's first choice , but I'm ME and I don't pretend to be anyone else . You may not be proud of you but like me you are proud of who I am TODAY and EVERYDAY !! I MAY NOT BE EXACTLY WHERE I WANT TO BE , BUT THANK GOD THAT HE MADE ME . Copy this and post it to your profile if you are proud to be arrogant and perfect . 
Ah if only i was smart at using computers and maybe engineering sort of things 
and a man who fancies himself a god felt a very human chill crawl down his spine 
I'm going to stop playing who dies first in my head and go for what feels natural . i think i'll start with me , then its you 
has a plan for his birthday , lol jk i'm not doing anything ( yes i'm that low to use jk ) 
But everywhere i go , i keep her picture in my wallet like .... 
Doctor Foster went to Gloucester , good thing too as i plan on a kidney transplant up there when i'm getting ruined with the lads 
Never mind that Twilight crap , there's a real eclipse round the corner 
is now 3 times World Champion of Foxy Boxing 
apparently on steroids .... 
could someone fill me in on what happened past 11 last night ? as i remember playing pool with simon , and then i wake up , and eventually notice everything has been moved and i have a bucket next to me , i guess it entails a good night 
what time is the exam tomorrow and where is it ? 
When someone accuses me of not wearing underwear , I should ignore them . Attempting to prove them wrong is indecent . Especially if I can't . 
great i almost have a cardiac arrest on my birthday and i've not even drunk any alcohol yet 
watching Malcolm in the middle like a badman .. christ is he young in this 
ah that was a good night out , its always good destroying a tshirt and getting drawn on , does anyone have any pictures mind ? as i quite liked the tiger look 
persian wife finder.com ..... yes 
should maybe stop listening to the police , as it seems to talking to me 
on a long enough timeline the survival rate for everyone drops to zero 
R.I.P. Its a shame I can't be there . 
its not like i really miss it , i just miss what i got from it , how it made me feel , maybe it was love but i'm better off without it , i know that now , its taken me a while to realise that 
Ding Dong Dobby's Dead 
The diary of Hermione Granger age 14 
Wednesday : 10:30 pm Can't sleep & very bored . All I have to keep myself occupied is this magic wand thing with its stupid bloody vibrating tip and .............. hold it a second !! 
Thursday Busy 
Friday Busy 
Saturday Busy 
oh jumper you go back to your hometown and expect the girl to still be there , its like me coming here and ... oh wait i see what you did there 
lol at the girl who plays bella in twilight . Can she only play moody lovesick characters ? As her character in ' In the wild ' is just the same , just without the pussy vampires 
note to self : build a fort when back in cambridge 
Sexism : just ANOTHER complaint by women ..... 
clearly has the best friends in the world and only wishes that there was more time and less work so they could all go drinking and play pool to celebrate how awesome they are 
If you don't hear from me after 20/01/2011 i'm either a hostage to terrorists or sharkbait 
needs a drysuit to stroll along the street in 
come on saturday !! Russell Howard at the O2 and i may get to be a contestant on a gameshow pilot ! 
Boy : Did it hurt ? 
Girl : Did what hurt ? 
Boy : When you fell from - 
Girl : Heaven ? Awwww :') 
Boy : No , when you fell from the whore tree and banged every guy on the way down . 
Girl : .... 
got hammered for the third time in my life and the next day is absolutely amazing 
