just been through the f1 experience , loved every minute of it ! (: 
A standing ovation for Roddick please . 
COME ON FEDERER ! 
HCult <3 
never knew facebook quizzes were supposed to be addictive ): 
postcards from far away <3 
NO ACCESSORIES NO CALCULATOR NO NOTEPAD NO NOTHING ARGH !!!! 
postcards from far away <3 <3 
JUST DELETED EVERYTHING FROM MY START MENU - ALL PROGRAMS AND CAN'T GET IT BACK UGHHH )): 
postcards from far away <3 <3 <3 
maybe it's time for miracles 
goodbye and take care , my friends . 
Lacuna Inc . 
Ex . Wanderer , LPS , LSM , SOC and the stupid low rope ! What a long and tiring week ): 
goodbye pegasus and foxtrot coy mates , it's been a memorable four months and i'll miss you all ): 
shutter island ! 
is extremely depressed . 
to all my juniors : all the very best for your A'levels (: 
FRINGE 
SCS ! 
so many things to give thanks for , and so many things i'm going to miss ; it's been an unbelievable two months , and i wouldn't trade this whole experience for anything else . PEGASUS COMPANY PLATOON 1 ! 
AttenC ): 
proud to be from pegasus (: 
just had the most exhausting week so far ): 
some things were just not meant to be 
aslc beckons . 
do it for our nation , do it for our singapore . 
what a horrible 24hrs it has been ): 
I gave my best but that's all I've been given . 
unfortunately , it was merely a dream 
No off-in-lieu tomorrow . Stay-in vocation at a camp one and a half hours away from my house . Nights out most nights but it's too far away from home and so it's as good as staying in camp . All my plans to make use of my offs are gone . The only new ST spec there for two weeks . What the hell did I do to deserve this ? 
3SG ! 
being happy for others offsets personal disappointment . 
the worst thing about feeling so low , is knowing that it can only go lower . 
Horrible horrible posting :( :( 
this time round , things feel different and i know it's the right time to relinquish the past and move on . 
anytime you feel the pain , hey jude , refrain , don't carry the world upon your shoulders . for well you know that it's a fool , who play it's cool , by making his world a little colder . 
