so borad no one is on !!!!!!! 
theradio.com rockS 
i made band 
ok this is so funny every one must readok my brother is really girly so i call him alissa sometimes i told him to play along so i said alisa jacob said what like your shoes he said well thank you .............. later i said alissahe said what do u have 
gosh avrey makes me so mad some times !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
now my brother thinks girls r icki 
im up wat toooooo early for me 
i am so awesome 
Down to you , You're pushing and pulling me down to you But I don't know what I , Now when I caught myself , I had to stop myself From saying something that I should have never thought Now when I caught myself , I had to stop myself From saying somethin 
gosh i cant log out without people sending me hugs smilesand other crap 
i got my flute 
in my profile pic i'm giving jacob a wedgie 
hmmm and you all call me crazy 
no one knows the rell me pas the test to proff 
it was deleted now know one will know 
hi 
i <3 paramore 
god i keep geting lost in huge villages on runescape.com just trying to go to the stoped boat dock 
wow i'm level 27 avrey can shove it 
never fight unicorns all work and no good loot 
hint if you drink beer for health on runescape your atack force weakens 
what i want for x-mas a labtop- relly good gameing one ! (no windows ) sims 3 better eye liner ( blue dosent go with every color_ no pink >:P ) 
CHECK OUT MY PICS 
FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . Put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down ... then the circles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page 
just seen the chimpmucks new movie trailer its so cute ! 
mornig to peoplez !!!!!!!! 
Some kind of magic Hypnotic , hypnotic , You're leaving me breathless I hate this , I hate this , You're not the one I believe in With God as my witness Now when I caught myself , I had to stop myself , From saying something that I should have never thou 
I GOT SIMS 3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAPPY DANCE ********~~~~~~~*****~~~~~~~~** 
omg its like a winter wounder land here !!!! 
i heart my laptop ! 
i wishh you allll a merry lillll x-mass ........................ blah blllahhh blahhhh blllah 
da da duna da da da duna BATMAN !!!!!!!!! 
bom .... boom .... booomoboomobom 
blue black and skulls 
i totaly rock 
th pic of me and ketybug she looks so cute and inoccent(rolfl ) 
o if you do not post your name on this post i well give you the nickname clown fish !!!! No school in June ! For every one ! No school in June ! 
and we have no school tomorrow ! :( they can have me for may but not in june thats my time !!!! i will not have school hert my time and after cats test we dodn't do nothing ! 
i wanted to use the worldbook thing are schools tells us to use and it wont let me log in it says it not active ! i was like what in the world !?! i just used it the otherday ! another reason this school districk stinkz ! 
i loved my v-day gift ! a cuddle animale pocky sockz and popedkorn lmao 
i only have 8 photos of me ! i would expect more ! " cry cry " just jokin i wanted to change the message off of boo boom boom 
<-------------------------------------> wat ever 
god i'v only gone up one fricken level all day 
night world 
night peps 
if you have page rage on ur computer tell me wat u think of my back round 
happy chinese new year !!!!!!!!!! year of the tigger 
LOOK IT'S BOB ? / This is bob , copy paste him on / ? every comment you see so he can / \ take over Facebook 
choclate !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <-------------------> mwahahahaha 
No sir , well I don't wanna be the blame , not anymore . It's your turn , so take a seat we're settling the final score . And why do you lie to her , so much ? I can't decide You have made it harder just to go on And why , all the possibilities well I was wrong 
the worst is comeing i cant sing in the talent show . my throut is sick 
ahhhhh ! waitin for A to get done with the totrial for runescape grrrr ! 
:) /ll\ /\ 
HEY , EVERYONE ! Never doubt for a minute that every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose family but you can choose friends . 
ahhhh . :( y whould i like to spend 6:20 to 7:30 at the shcools ! i wouldn't! so i thank the creaters of valt ! surger is so nice when your sleepy . i ofcourse triped and twisted my anckle . then i found out i bit my tounge ! tierd ! 
<-----------------------------------------> <-----------------------------------------> 
so tierd cant move ....... want to sleep ..... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
want to go to sleep .... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
went horseback riding today .. wind in my hair , the ride was fantastic ! until i ran out of quarters and the wal-mart greeter kicked me out . 
i look so muchh like anerd i put 3-d glasses on i mean come i might aswell play the part 
... Dear bed I'm sorry i left you so early this morning . I'm really regretting it ... Please take me back 
i was going to upload a vid of yuffie singing but it under mantence ok FACEBOOK PEPZ IF THERE AIN'T NOTHING WORNG WITH IT DONT TRY TO FIX IT STUPID ! 
Edward Cullen is a Peter Pan wannabe . They both climb through windows too watch a girl sleep that grows older while neither of them age . How original Edward . 
Top girls ' names of the decade 1 . Emma 2 . Emily 3 . Madison 4 . Isabella 5 . Ava See all 50 top girls ' names > Top boys ' names of the decade 1 . Aiden 2 . Jacob 3 . Ethan 4 . Matthew 5 . Nicholas Top girls ' names of 20091 . Isabella 2 . Sophia 3 . Emma 4 . Olivia 5 . Ava Top boys ' names of 2009 1 . Aiden 2 . Ethan 3 . Jackson 4 . Jayden 5 . Jacob 
loved the life fair to day ! cole was put on birht control pills ! and he is a boy lol ! it was fack thow ! i was 28 married have newborn twins ! i wont say wat happened to me ! it was embarassing ! a boy on my bus drew the card saying he was pregnate so he drawed again ! he was consapaded ! 
I WOULD LIKE TO USE MY TRUTH BOX!'WINK ' 
i hat scimage test so boring ! yuck ! 
good night world 
* some where on a train * 
lavi : whats that ? 
me : it my camara ! 
allen : can i see ? 
lavi : no me first ! 
* allen and lavi aruge over the camara * 
BREAK 
me * anime firey eye * : what was that 
lavi : run !!!!!!!! 
is going out to eat at a dim sum reatruant yum ! <3 
t talk playing sims @_@ 
yay gericka is comein over tomorrow 
dinner ! 
watching knight and day with mom 
that poor worm i stepted on at least its now in a new place were i cant harm it 
poor cindy ! i was at her house and she got the sumic flu ! poor lil baby ! i hope i dont get it or any of our girls !! i hope she gets over it ! we were waching new moon when i had to go ! we were at the end and she started to get sick again and i had to go ! 
things to do at wallmart : Go into a fitting room and shut the door and wait a while and then yell , very loudly , " There is no toilet paper in here ! " 
Makin ' my way downtown , 
Walkin ' fast , 
Faces pass and I'm homebound . 

Starin ' blankly ahead , 
Just makin ' my way , 
Makin ' a way through the crowd . 
And I need you , 
And I miss you , 
And now I wonder ... 
If I could fall into the sky , 
Do you think time 
would pass me by ? 
' Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles 
If I could just see you ... 
who is going to unite to read tomorrow at the prmary center 
is bored 
R . I . P sponge bob who dided this year thanks to bp !!!!!!!!!!!! 
misses her smelly lotions cause her feet are dry ! yakk :P 
there are six people on but no one to talk too 
had fun at zoombezi bay i will be back tuesday ! 
i <3 osu 
had a bad day ...................... >.< ............................. 
luvs owl city ! <3 
heading out to my band and chour concert 
had fun with momma today so goodnight zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ............................ 
has cleaned her room :P 
im all that and a slice of chesse 
it was going to be a nice day but you people had to ruin it ! and you know who u r ! 
waiting for somthing to happen 
ingrids very good at piano ! it amazin 
wants to get a full night sleep 
i was right we lost state chapionship ! 
a relationship is a two way steert you should drive it some time ! 
is tired of people lieing to her face and not puting the part of there side up 
roy x riza ! 
who won last nights game !?!?!?!? 
ahh was going to wash my hair with coffie tonight i was told we still had a pot left till i went to do it now wait for mekz coffe to be done for my hair ! 
Did you forget That I was even alive Did you forget Everything we ever had Did you forget Did you forget About me Did you regret Ever standing by my side Did you forget What we were feeling inside Now I'm left to forget About us 
im so ekkkkkkkk ! let mekz go some where nice and cool ! swift ! wachin southpark rerun 
there is a diffrence between loving some one and being in love with some on 
today is gonna be long 
my foot hurts !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is happy cause dad brought me chiken nuggets and a sweat tea 
ok label 1-11 ! ok ! 1 . any number 2 . any number 3 . oppsite gender name 4 . person like famliy or friends 5 . same as 4 6 . same as 4 7 . name of oppisite gender 8 . song 9 . song 10 . song 11 . song need pepz to respond for ansers 
?????????? ?????????????????????? ???????????????????????????? 
i wonder if kristi forgot me ! i mean for her its 30 mins late not an hour ! one time when i was in ohio my aunt beh forgot to pick me up ! hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm i wonder ! ````````````````````OH-IO````````````OHIO ! 
has to go to unite to read for the lil kiddies of allen county >.< 
i'm so tierd im going to go back to sleep on the bus ..................................................................... 
isolation dosnt always go the same way each time 
wish i could watch the new how i meet your mother 
riza got a love like woe ! XD 
fells fat :P 
waiting for friends to get on to see if they have been taged ! 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !! 
people should leave me alone right now cause aperntly no cares for me !?!?! 
i am ice cream man running over kiddies in my PIMPT OUT VAN ! 
harry potter was awesome yesterday !! well er um today !!!!! 
acourding to the wii fit plus i lost 4 pounds .............. 
fake slap fake slap omg im so sorry ! 
is mad cause her arlm clock woke her up wrong !!!! 
is going to the water park tomorrow maybe ??????? hope it dont rain ! <3 
ahhh i fell sicky ! going to bed with meks puck bucket ! ahh if i do have it im coming cindy ! no you cant help i hope i dont get it 
i watch enough christmas specials to last a year 
just got my head shave yep its all gone 
tired of trying so hard to be needed 
ok my spring break results ! i have been forgoten , lied to , left , and ignored 
camp ............................. 
teachers at school need to lay off ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
leaving for dc tomorow the after that off to camp for to weeks ! so good bye to you and good redencse to the rest XD 
L change the world !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love it even though they screwed up the movie ! 
just had her mp3 player washed 
I'm convinced watching someone walk away , knowing it might be the last time you ever see them , is some of the worst pain you could ever feel . 
dosnt fell good . :P 
such a slow day on facebook . 
rghaaaaaaaaaaa ! cant wait for my cell phone :>3 
im hungry ! 
good bye facebook for i must leave ! 
yes it that time of year . ZOMBIE AWERNESS MONTH ! better watch out for them calf bittin zombies 
i love how ever one in the world forgets me 
what did i do today ? duh watched a marathon of glee lol ! 
night all 
I HATE THE HIGH SCHOOL I HATE IT ! I HATE IT ! THERE SO STUPID UGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG ! I HET THEM ! 
i envy riza ! omg thats who im gonna be for cartoon day ~ <3 but i cant bring gones to school lol !!!!!!!!!!!!!! RIZA ROCKS ! 
and the rain had to pour when NCIS comes on ! really !? 
* slaps kanda * 
kanda : what was that for !? 
me : for always geting hurt ! 
kanda : no i dont 
me : i have seen the way you fight XD 
ahhhhh ! i ahte selfishh people1 and sprsingly i found how rude some people r and ya you know who you r ! 
people ................ why do they get in my ways 
omg my sims just closed on my legacy ! 
????????????????? ????????????????? 
its just another night ......... i'll still be here in the mornig ......... alone ... 
watching L change the world 
as sone as my world sees color some dumbnut messes it up ! no wait the word numbnut diserves better then them 
yep its my chemical romance 
im hiting te hay but all i'm going to do toorrow is be bored out of my mind ! 
guys on the bus need help 
dreams of sims abitions 
omg bella just toke the worst dump in cat history , it was a two person job 
whinrey was a fat baby 
sleep .......................................................................... 
just another lonlet boreing saterday 0 . o 
makeing my friends on sims and hope im fianly makeing you ! 
the power is back on ! 
thank rusty for saveing my life today ! we were walking down the stairs and i triped went reaching for rail . knowing me i went over and rusty pulled me back over theres a huge drop i lmoust toke 
is in a paramore mood ! 
good bye 
Who knows me best ? list my full name , eye color , birthday , nickname , 
fav colors , fav thing to do , favorite place to be , and then give me ONE 
word that describes my personality 
s watching sprited away ..... ya im that awesome 
http://www.fanfiction.net/s/5926124/1/Stalking 
has a head acke 
fells terible thanks bobbie :P 
* hey * 
went n-day shoping yestrday ! whats better then a birthday ????? a birhtweek ! 
love how light calls misa and L picks up the phnoe <3 krysta no comient 
did you know you can buy sims 3 ambitions from GAME STOP ???????????!!!!!!!!! 
i can tell a million people a million reason why not to go to school on thursday 
so bored ............................................................... 
is going to see toy story 3 on ice tomorrow 
is watching make it or brake it ! <3 
i dont have to sweep the streats tomorrow :) 
watching the lovely bones 
has a tumy acke 
i was voting for teen chocie awards and it was hissy fit and miley sires was on ther i would have voted for her but i dodnt want her winning any awards ! 
me and annie are watching the grinch 
just seen a comicael about bleach and who was in it ! ulqui !!! 
Won't listen to any advice , mamma's telling me to think twice 
But left to my own devices i'm addicted its a crisis ! 
My friends think I've gone crazy , my judgment is getting kinda hazy 
My status is gonna be affected if I keep it up like a love sick crackhead 
still so sore ................. 
4 days is like ..... 4 EVER ! 
sims 
waiting for krysta to call me back !?!? 
she is ... sitckinging pencils up her nose , up her nose ,,, sitckinging pencils up her nose , up her nose ............. theres a color and a color and another nother color ,,,, she is sticking pencils up her nose 
is going to zoombezi bay tomorrow ! <3 
is going to get ' your love is my drug " when my computer reaches wifi ! can you believe no one i gahanna leaves there wifi open ? 
i am mad at sert on people for not ansering me ! 
The stars lean down to kiss you 
And I lie awake and miss you 
Pour me a heavy dose of atmosphere 
' Cause I'll doze off safe and soundly 
But I'll miss your arms around me 
I'd send a postcard to you , dear 
' Cause I wish you were here 
I'll watch the night turn light-blue 
But it's not the same without you 
Because it takes two to whisper quietly 
im watching sherk ( one ) and im 14 and cant belive how many dirty jokes are in it 
??????? 
L change the world <3 cry , faint 
wants to meat jacon howard in a back ally with a bat !!! 1 
girl scout invester tonight gonna go sow some patchs on ! ~ ms senor 
I LOST THE GAME 
Is at the park ........ ekkkkk it's sunny and hot 
is so hot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
* at the back order * 
lavi : are you hungrey mikala ? 
me : no 
allen : come on and eat somthing * poke face with some werid meat on a stick * 
me : no guys stop ! 
lavi : this is to funn keep going allen ! 
* allen keeps pokeing face , i back hand him * 
allen : what was that for 
krysta : she had a tooth pulled you dummys she isnt going to want to eat ! 
lavi : and why not !? 
krysta : moron * hits hand to face * 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can ...... raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? :) 
pft ........... 
hates being to older for a conversation and to young for another ! so here i am alone all day 
i think the fan in ingrids room is on a timer cause when i walk up its off and im hot ! 
omg ! dc was so tyring :P it good to know no one misssed nw :P but so many updats ! omg u people r terible !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
going to go put on some socks my feeties are geting cold ! 
note to self it is illegal to stab people for being stupid jk ! going to the movies ! going to go see little fockers . got to take some more meds before we go !!!! >.< RANDOM !!! OMG ITS A FLUFFY UNICORN !!!!!!!!!!! DON'T LOOK THAT CAT IN THE EYES IT ROBS YOUR SOUL ! ...................... bella is soooooooooooo cute !!! 
going to a friends house today ! 
wishes she had coloring pencils 
loves he DQ mocha ! 
went to the libary here aperntly in the past 5 years my card ECSPIERD 
is it only me or did anyone else get a letter for who's who american scholars ? 
loves fma 
ugggg the next person who calls the house wants to have there head toar \\off !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
missses her friends 
i think mamma bought me some goggles for the pool ?! or imagiening things ! so i woulder where could they be ? 
my left foot 
wants a job to buy her own tech-thingys ! :( 
im sooooooooooooooooooo bored 
wants to meat the person responsible for bp's oil spil and personaly thank them for help killing our enverment ! and killing thousands of bueiful harmless fish ! R.I.P. spongebob 2010 
misses her sonic berfest bretoes ! and macha frappes 
i really need to go to sleep now ...... i have been watching to many amv's! i can ' stop laughing even though there terible ! no tamiki i did not wat to hear you sing about not wearing any under were to day ! ewwww Don't touch that !!!!!!! >.< XD 
fall break ! ~ <3 
even though i love fullmetal aclchemist the brotherhood i can barely stand it in english ! lol love the one in japanesse ! i dont know maybe becaue they all sound terrible !? cause the last time i checked riza was a female ! and al was a 12 year old boy , not a deph old man ! 
is going to the jazz festival again this year yayz ! eat it up rusty !!!!! 
when i was young i wtched a show called totaly spies and now there back but there in collage lol ! 
so tierd so good night 
Night pepz ! 
had a tick betwwen her toes ! 
trying to explain batman to jacob :P 
cant wait till d.c. !!!!!!!!! 
that must have been one bad storm ! i tore my bed up ! i havent ben that restless in years 
i <3 my labtop 
first day in high school ! i liked it not art :P just cause im the only freshmen in it and it fells lonley and acward ! switching to parenting ! 
seven people on no one to talk to ................ :P 
happy birth day to me happy birth day to me happy birth day deer mikala even thought its a week ! 
cant get a hold of anyone ! 
* playing cards * 
lavi : dang it allen how do you always win ! 
* kanda hits allen on top of his head * 
allen : what was that for !? 
me : you cheated ;p 
lavi : wahhh !? 
hates load people in her hotel !!! i want to slap em all 
goood night world ~ 
Justin Bieber make me want to regurgetate (<--- sound it out ) 
im tierd so im gonna head to bed early 
not all storys end up happy 
i have to go campin inted of gena's swetsixteen :( 
is at the libary with stephi ! 
luckesty day of my life ... an y ? i NEVER repet NEVER have to step in JEBMS ! AGAIN 
night , jacob leaves mon . insted of thurs . 
has had a tummy ace but disapered when chesse entered he sistem ! now she knows that she cant go with out so muxh cheses 
liked the movie karatie kid ! awesome but long ! i found out that i dont like chipotle ! i had a rice bowl with steak bits and chesse omg it was spicey !! 
???? R ????????????????????? ? 
is here in ohio ! o ...... h ..... i ............ o ............. OHIO ! 
morning ! 
HAS GOT MAIL ! 
loves that usa has a week deticated all for abby !!!! i <3 
ncis 
playing Zomg wth ~ A ~ was awesome ! we were kickin butt ! only the 
group leader didn't like her >.< i can tell he just let her stay dazed ! 
hey ~ A ~ i would un-daze ya but i dont have that ring so sorry !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is showing her friends tomorow her roy x riza drawlings !!!!!!!!!!!!! and alexis so u beter show me urs too the one u drew of the weekend 
In the dark blue sky you keep 
And often thro ' my curtains peep 
For you never shut your eye 
Til the sun is in the sky 
omg !! i lost the link to the bedford web site ! and its due tomoroow !? krysta , steph , alexis , some bodey in 9tyh grade red team help me asap !!!!!! 
is so bored ! 
boo 
But somewhere we went wrong 
We were once so strong 
Our love is like a song you can't forget it 
Somewhere we went wrong 
Our love is like a song , you can't forget it at all 
misses her sims 
jacob left for home today 
off to the shower 
being miles away still dosnt leave you drama free ! eckk :P 
is in so much pain 
is so hapy beacuse she is going to zoombezi bay tomorrow ! hello wave pool have you ment good friends lazy river and the funel slide ? 
love the way you lie <3 
long drive back down to here ekkkk ! but i love gennva ~ on ~ the ~ lake for realz thats the citys name ! 
advice of the day : everything poops ! 
Greetings loved ones 
Let's take a hike 
I know a place 
Where the bugs are really meaner 
Warm , wet and wild 
There must be dead fish in the water 
Sippin ' lemonade 
Layin ' underneath the pine trees 
You could travel the lake 
But nothing comes close 
To the girl scout Coast 
Once you camp with us 
You'll be falling in love 
Oooooh oh oooooh 
Hello Seattle , I am a mountaineer 
In the hills and highlands 
I fall asleep in hospital parking lots 
And awake in your house 
Hello Seattle , I am a manteray 
Deep beneathe the blue waves 
Ill crawl the sandy bottom of Puget Sound 
And construct a summer home 
Hello Seattle , I am the cresant moon 
Shining down on your face 
i lost two friends ? hmmm evry one important is there >.< heheehe 
has slept all day 
rembers her and another girl singing alejondro to here conslers ! 
~ i know that we are young and you my love me but i just cant be like this , aljeandro 
I know that we are young . 
And I know you may love me . 
But I just can't be with you like this anymore . 
Alejandro . 
xD- probly one of camp best memorys ! 
dosnt feel so well 
me and geraka had fun trick or treating next year we are gonna be dirty fairys and go to the movies 
no one online to talk to 
its just not the same way in band , me megan miranda ! darn you flute segragation ! me and megan are 2nd's nd miranda is first ! that must be the diffrence between a freshmen and a senior 
i am so sleeppy 
hascut her lip , broke out in zits and , has mascara and runy eye liner and a hikkie abover her uper lip tryin to suck water out of a frozen bottle :( 
649 ! 
back home for tomorow then im leavin 4 camp 
IS SO MAD THAT HER LABTOP WIFI ISNET WORKIN ! WANTS TO SMASH SOMTHIN ! HIT PEOPLE GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 
eppppp ! kanda's b-day is june 6 !!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhh ! 
is still sick but im going to school tomorrow so good nigh i hope 
ok .... the secret life of an amrican tenager needs to end ! i mean like what she had her baby two sesons ago ! and the plot is reused ! there striveing on old lines ! so they need to end it ............ did i mention its terible in the first place 
needs to find a hobbie lol 
' tell me weer our time went , and if it was time well spent ' 
has the urge to read dr. suess ! over the summer i went to the libary and read them to jacob ! i want to read my green eges and hame or the foot book ! left foot right foot left foot righ ! wet foot dry foot low foot high foot oh how many feet you'll meet ! 
* mikala punchs lavi * 
lavi : ow wat wa that for 
me : for annoying kanda 
* allen walks in * 
* i trip him * 
allen : omg wat was that for 
me : ask lavi XD >.< 
its raining men ! XD 
sonics !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
started reading a new book i got from school 
think her cap over he cavity is out 
You know that I love you boy . 
Hot like Mexico , rejoice . 
At this point I gotta choose , 
nothing to loose . 
Don't call my name . 
Don't call my name , Alejandro . 
I'm not your babe . 
I'm not your babe , Fernando . 
Its near b -- day yay ! 
harry potter puppet pals ! 
yep glee just ruined the song firework for me 
vampire sucks comes out tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
loves make it or breake it 
is headin for camp in the mornin so bye ............. FACE BOOK MAKES ME MAD ! so yay i wont talk to u guys for awhile bye 
had an swesome day ! last skinny my sucker attacked katelyn then got cut open by my pencil ! (blood ) at least i know im one of coach hoods favorites lol cause im the odd little ducklings 
my shoulder hurts bad :p stupid floor !!!!! 
im gonna cry now cause roy is blind 
and you are the only exception 
good night !................. urrrr . good mornig ............?.............. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
lately i am inspired by music and roai XD 
rah rah restupeah ! rah rah restupeah ! got that song is funny ! 
pft ......... 
tips for winter camping : pass heat 
me :O . 0 
toni : what !? dose that mean we need to fart ? 
mom : ...... no ....... 
me and toni : hahahahahahahahahah omg ! * makes fart nosies * 
ugggg any one want me for a day or two 
yep this time IM BULLET PROOF 
bella just scared the crap out me ! 
sing for the moment 
FEA !!! i'm going to the inter medit center and gong to be teaching soon !!!! hope the lil six graders are ready ! so excited >.< 
IS IN LOVE WITH PIECES OF FLAIR ! ow and i lost th game again ! 
it normal dosent bother me when people talk or make refrance to a yaoi relationship but the kanda x allen one was gross ! and the fact the named it yullen !?!? <----- they actualy named it , like roy x riza , as royai but that ok but thay named this one and it was creppy ! 
IS WATCHING HER FIST PRETTY LITTLE LIARS VID YAY ! 
if you don't talk to your cat about cat nip who will ? 
has anyone noticed that in cow and chicken hters a devil !? 
almost done with my first short fan fiction 
it's not a cry that you hear at night 
it's not somebody who's seen the light 
it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah 
hey so happt krysta is comein tomorrow ! 
IS DROP DEAD BORED ! 
wants more sleep lol 
going to school tomorrow !!!!!! going to were the new purple scarf for my coughing rag ! lol night ~ <3 mario !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - shroom head 
soooo tired zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
the second d . gray-man opening is ok but not as good as the first !!!! but the third end is ok but the first still is amazing in both !!!! 
HD make dircters look bad :P 
go team eward elric ! ~ <3 
i dare some one o watch a whole marathon of the fma brothehood every epsod i proms you you'll knw a lil japenesse 
ugggg im not tierd so i just can ; t go back to sleep and its only seven ! 
in the registration handbook under AP world history it says May be substitted for world civilazation but can i take both ! 
is watchin fma 
I'm such a nerd that i think my civics text book was a good read ! i bet coach hood thinks i'm a werdo ! 
I am that AWESOME 
Is allen county school closed ? 
TRICKER TREAT SMELL MY FEET ! 
has just got sims 3 ambitions ! 
is makeing cake and it not a lie 
attention all acshs ! is tomorow colege day !? 
when in class , I know when you're texting . Seriously , no one just looks down at their crotch and smiles like that . 
i remember eating at sonic last night then i can't remeber anything else 
ed and al looked so cut as kiddies 
fells terible ........... 
i just finsih fma 
katty perry is awesome ! 
ed has his arm back ! 
O-H-I-O !!! 1111 
* walking around the dark order * 
me : so lavi your really 18 ? 
lavi : yes , that makes me your elder ! but why do you ask ? 
me : think about that 
lavi : what do you mean !? 
me : the fact allen is 15 and acts more mature then you . and kanda is thesame age but seems alot old 
lavi : nuh ah ! 
just spilt water on her life skill proj . that due tomorrow : 0 
is roy and riza had a child her name would be royia and she would have roys black hair color , riza's hair 
is really sick 
im silm shady the real slim shady all you other slim shadys are just imataing so wont the real slim shady please stand up please stand up please stand up ..... 
yes , its all about the music 
just another borin saterday :P 
here kanda is to save the day ! kanda can always save me ! lmao 
??????????????? 
im sick and i cant go to the doctor till thursday 
some one help me i can't take this house anymore 
is still so sick ................. 
went to the hospitle today . got blood drawn alot of blood but that was ok ! my vein kept rolling and it was dep so STEPH IF U DARE TOUCH ME I WILL HERT YOU ! then had some X_rays done ! did u know im radioactie ? my new super power ! well aperntly i have ate metal cause the X-rays said i got metal in my intestiens !? 
So baby don't feel no pain 
Just smile back ... 
have you ever loved some one so much you'd give it all for them !? not the exspretion litterly give it all for them ! and you know that they are your are there armor and you would destroy any one who would try to harm her but what happens when karma turns right around and bites you !? and evry thing you stand for turns on you dispite of you ? what happens when you become the main source of her pain ? 
is going to see easy A 
ugg , another head ache 
royia 
ugg people should leave me alone 
is saleing g.s. fall sale candy ! 
easy A was awesome 
i like it on the table 
a senor at my school died today 0 . o crepy 
L , M i Love the alphabet 
night ! 
drawing <3 <3 <3 ...................................................................... 
i wish every one would just leave me alone 
* some where on a train * 
allen : any one want to play cards ? 
lavi : sure 
me : did you not lurn anything from the last game ? 
allen : i gusse not XD 
no riza dint die on roy ! 
went to black friday and now i cant sleep ! 
losse your slef in the music 
i had fun camping this weekend ! going to take another shower ;p ! tehn im gonna hed to bed ! me sleepy 
bored 
disney is makeing on of my favorite books into a movie and it is going to be terable ! 
d . gray-man is so awesome ! epp cant wait to watch more ! i m starting to love you japanesse , english subs ! 
bored ................ 
has to go potty XD ! 
ugg they cut off my csi miami ! so shut up u druged men talking about tennesse on my tv !!! 
why do we have to get ' healthy snacks " for life skills ? next time i should just get a bag of carrots XD * healthy * 
another head ache 
friends are like potatos if you eat them , they DIE ~ <3 
why isnt ke$ha not get a grammy nomannie 
i'm falling in love with pokemon all over agian ! 
played for the pep ralley to day ! V-I-C-T-O-R-Y THATS THE FRESHMAN BATTLE CRY !! IIIIII I I I IIIIII III 
morning ...................... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
is brosed and soar ! 
fakeing it gets you nowhere in life ! 
packin for campin krysta pick up your phone 
the english version of fullmetal alchemist brotherhood is terible butthe japanesse version rockz ! just cause there voices match there muths and there bodies ! so adult swim is showin the new english version so i thinkin about watchin the jap . version again ! another 33 hours if i do !! BUT ONLY THE BROTHERHOD BECUASE IT FOLLOWS THE BOOK the eng . still has Lnt . hudges is still aliveand i mean come on this is the begaining 
yes the internet is back up 
ughhhhhhhh now i rember whi i quit playing the ps2 the games suck ! they make me so mad !!!!!!!!! to the creaters of tak and the great juju challengen ur game isn't fit to ber butt whip !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
for those who want to spit out lies and rude coments check ur self befor u begain to be a hipacret . and hope u know the world dosnt revole around you ! 
katty perry rockz ! 
its sad but true people i cant standx are droping out of school like crazy ! 
i have 460 flair 
is watching how i meet your mother , dose this show ever end !? 
is writeing her first fan fic ! and of course its about roy and riza 
jsu got done watching killers ! chewed off all my nails 0 . o 
but thank you tonya for the movie ! 
???????????? ? 
for those who lie diserve the sholder 
is falling in love with her nintendo 64 again 
ugggg ! i made this plan in the beging of th month and it tommorow and u all are bussy !? after saying yes !!?! dose any one wanna pick me off after school tommorow !? around 5 plz !!? 
going to hit the hay . actally hay would hurt and or be itchi im going to stick to my bed ! 
Night 
im going to finish this episode of glee hope in the shower then watch another befor bed ! 
went to go eat and watch tv with the family came back and my sims had there children taken away and they were all about dead ! oh well i will just go back to where i last saved befor the children 
got my tooth pulled but i woke up this morning and my whole face hurt 
night people of mars ! no you people of earth dont deserve my love unless ur one of the folowing : yuffie , marrick , ani , bobbie jo ! 
me no want school tomrrow :( and i didn't switch out of a class fast enough and im stuck in it ! and it is a block class !!! it is so boring and the teacher hates me !? i wish civics was a block class only year round !!!!! i just love history ! <3 <3 and in algebra no one in there daliy lives uses it unless your a math teacher !?! so why do i need to learn it and its just dooo ..... the work :p 
snt feel like going to school tommorrow :P 
when my eyes were dialated there was a HUGE depth perseptrion . expesaly when i take off down the side walk and thought i fell in a huge ditch in the concrete lol 
so bored .................... 
* hugs kanda * 
kanda : get off ..... 
me : no !!!!!!!!!! 
kanda : why not ? 
me : cause when i hold you it lets me know you wont be stupid and go get hurt ! 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
im tired probly gonna cry to sleep reading about kanda's death or not !? God ! its like the L thing all over ! why dont my friends tell me these things ! first L , then ulquiorra , now kanda ! i need to stop likeing black haired guys that end up dieing in the series ! 
who is next byakuya ( bleach) !? and why do people like a yoai realationship between kanda an allen !? it was gross hereing about a roy and edward one ! 
i cant think of were i laid my glasses :/ sleepy 
i want more d.gr-ay-man ! 
love to sleep to 2 ! lol wonder what i drempt about all that time !? 
wathcing d . gray-man ! woot woot ! 
i didnt get to watch my d . gray-man today :/ 
going to a g.s. food drive be back later |) 
is in so much pain it isnt funny i hurt so bad . 
i started this great book today but i had to pick it up to finish it at the end of the 
day ! but when i went to get it i couldn't becuase my teacher wasnt there and i 
didnt garb it cause i wasnt sure if i was aloud ! grr i'm gonna be mad if there isnt on 
there tommorow ! 
mmmmm just made me home made milk shakes !!!!!!!!!!!! 
playing sims ! 
uggg my elbow hurts ...... :'( 
uggg i didnt have my glasses for an hour and the broke !?!?!?!?!?! 
my pigeys are geting cold ! hmm maybe some socks could help ! im just goona stick under bella who is laying nect to em ! 
is get her neew glasses today ! good bye head aches lets see if i can survive band without * plugs ears * darn u marching band 
" don't stick your fingure in the ear of a fat chick at school " more quots from the song Ewwww don't touch that ! 
so sicky .................. >.< 
raided hot topic , got a picachu shirt , two necklesses , blue hair then went to game stop and got final fantsy for the wii ! 
ugg is not on the search for her mp3 player thingy cause she could have used them in evry class ! 
i guess i can never get a break ! god , my computer was working fine perfect and then a blue scren poped up and now it wont finsh loading right ! :'( 
http://www.animefreak.tv/watch/dgray-man-episode-10-english-dubbed-online-free 
slep all yesterday so i was ready for school ! i was half awake all night and boom im fully wake 5 am no school 
bella got out , i was so upset i cant belive she is back . she was almosut good as gone 
wants to play pokemon !............ but can't 
today hot topic didnt have a good Tee for eyes set to kill ...... they had one .... 
and it wasnt very good ! But omg the had to have a * ewwww * bieber one ! and ofcourse it showed his face ! 
all i did today was play pokemon and i can't play no more cause i have a terible head ache i have a huge not on my forhead after i acedntly hit the wall 
today when i was at the funral home with krysta and siera i had gotin a soda and laid it on the conter after the service be for we lined up for the pasetion i went to get my soda and it was gonna !?!?!!? were oh were did my soda can go .. did it sit there to long next to grease and the doh ( pizza ) or did roll of the conter nor sist to exsit , oh if i could only follow the soda into the mist 
i havent played my japanesse cah game in awhil so i started over ! and in the start the give ya a quiz to see what you know i must be good becuase somehow i ade it up to lvl 4 ! the color brown in japanesse got me :p 
don't you hate it when you walk into a store and a ostrich kicks you in 
your mouth ? 
ugg has 2 wait 13 more mins for d . gray-man !? why worl why cut me off !? 
" go ahead make my day touch that " 
it seems like the world has it out for me 
if they cancel school tomorrow i'm not goning an extra day ! i hate that schools hear freak over a little bit of snow when i lived in dublin snow would be piled up evrywhere and school wasnt cancled up there ! 
watashi no tomodachi kirimanen deshita jugyou , sore tsukutta kanashii ! 
omg avenue Q is puppets ! omg !!!!!! XD that is so not for little kids >.< 
" and when it rains ...... " PARAMORE !!!! 
bella always gives me good night kisses 
' An apple a day keeps the doctor away ' Lies !!!!!!!!!! I eat an apple 5 out of 7 days then why am i always sick ! 
a day with my besty tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cant wait 
is watching horton hears a who 
got blood work done >.< { blood}t ---------------------- i hate needles my arm hurts where i selp on it wroung after it . 
hmmmm snow crea 
ugggg i feel terible .................................. 
I hate being sick 
Inbox only ! 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me ( message me ) it will stay between us . Put this as your status . 
god bob's burgars is a bad show 
kitchen done ! laundry started now for bella's bath ! after that the living room and to do my room ! ( actullay that isnt really dirty for once ) 
' evry one wants to change the world , but no one wants to try ' 
tomorrow is mario day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
its going to be one long day 
1st person to like my status - I'll change my last name to yours for a week . 
2nd person to like my status - I'll write I love you on your wall for 3 days . ? 
3rd person to like my status - I will answer any question . ( inbox Only ) 
4th person to like my status - Can choose my profile pic . 
Put this as your status if you're brave enough 
just went and played in the snow not much fun without krysta :p we need to make that a tradition XD killing your best friend in the snow 
I'm so tired ! Got all my friends gifts wraped , hmmmmm i love the holidays ! 
Glee is actualy a good show who would has figured :) 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_ZNzfb006YYUS 
over at fluffys 
nanny and ed are leaving again and bella thinks time there going to take the puppies with them so she is going crazy ! she peed on there lugage and in running around non-stop ! poor bells she dosnt know that the poops are staying ! yesterday she bathed annie for over an hour at least she will have her sisters back ! 
when teachers make you right down questions when your reading no one really dose ! i mean actually think about what your asking not just somthing to pass by . but when you watch a movie your like what id he do ? why di she do that ? he isn't going to kill anyone . omg he got shot ! he isnt going to die is he ? 
makeing mom listen to avenue Q !!!!!! 
i have a head ache ..... i want to go to bed but all i do is sleep 
people need to anwser the phone 
STOP ! in the name of love , befor your break my heart 
ugh :/ can't sleep 
teachers shouldn't be bais ( well thats okay if i am on the good end ) , or publicly mock students , put down , call names , and crush dreams ([ all these are dricted towards students]even small ones like completeing an assinment ) and haveing senorty shoud not have imunitty . when ever do become a real teacher i will never do that . the best teacher i know is in my least fav subject so TEACHERS do matter ( sadly its english ) 
woke up huming the enternet song ! 
you know your a geek when your skin for your media play is the element table 
i still feel horible , i have selpt over 22 hours straight ! i hope to be in perfect health come friday ! still so tired 
wants glee karioke for the wii 
i wach the kick off and will be back for half time ! i just don't like football 
four main reasons a girl 
will stop texting back . 
One - You said something that made her mad 
Two - You just started to get boring 
Three - She fell asleep 
Four - You said the letter " K " 
uggg heading to bed 
sometimes i just cant help to cry :'( 
sooo tired epic mickey goes back tommorow :( i'm going to miss i 
only good thing about the super bowl is glee comes on after 
can't quit snezzeing ! 
BORED 
so bored ........................................ 
got home and basiclly sleep till 10 now back to bed 
has to color the child she made in biology for gentics ! she dosnt have a father so i'm thing about ' donor ' on the line where it says father's name ! her name is ~ Ema zarafazouse wetherbee ~ yep pretty origenal it was a tie between zarafzouse and emerson for the middle name ! but i will just call her Em ! 
omg the libary got the book i wanted !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : 0 nerding out 
at least out loud i won't say i'm in love ~ 
being attacked by a bella . i can just hear her coming up behind me for another attack ! 
jaming to disney songs XD 
yep glee just ruined a amazing song by my chemical romance !!! 
trying to teach mom to play epic mickey for the wii ..... ya epic failer on her part 
watching the new glee and is trying not to scream " no kurt , your probley not the one he is in love with ! he'll only hurt you don't kurt don't " because i can't see it that on my labtop so i'm on moms 
checkinh my mail i learned that alice in woundler comes out today ! and hot topic has a new line of baby clothes ??!?! know right lol ! last thing i would expsect ! 
new fav song ! the black parade by my chemical romance 
" He burns my skin 
Never mind about the shape I'm in 
I'll keep you safe tonight yeah " 
today was awesome and im so happy the six graders had fun ! 
i snezzed and got gum in my hair and rubed peanut butter in it .... hey atleast it worked 
graaaaa zomg wont load ! thank god adriana can't get it to work either cause i wanna play it !!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!!!! 
me and Savannah were doing hardcore yoga earlier and my back is hurting !!!!! this one move you layed on your back and then raised you legs behind your head and then lean your shoulders to kick up your legs strait up 
oh what happened today ? nothing out of the ordinary ! oh wait a teacher fell through the auditorium ceiling and was dangling by her feet ! 
omg the enternet is sooooo slooooowww 
its jacobs b-day 
watching the new glee !!!! 
just got done reagranging my room !!!!! uggg to much engery spent 
i bet i have drank atleast half a gallon of water : 0 
knowing me i had music blasting and missed jaco's call ! well i think its him cause the voice message isnt very clear lol ! 
the thunder outside is shakeing my walls >.< 
feel / look like crap 
ok every one knew about about a fight that was going to happen so the entire school was there and the teachers came runing scream no every one go away no fight here today . if you are going to fight dont tell every one !! 
hanks so much to my to my friends who got me adicted to feista i hate you !! 
had an awesome week end :) 
i has got myselfz a pillow pet <3 
aa road on are bus route colapsed i want to see how long will it take to get fixed . scotssvile ..... the clock is ticking 
You and I wake up and there is only one cup of coffee left in the house . ( If you dont drink coffee , pretend as though it's one cup of whatever it is that you must have , and I don't need to know what that is ! ) Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you reply you must copy and paste to your wall so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport , and play along 
i feel teriblr 
i remeber why i stoped watching american idol they ruin the songs with there sucky voicies 
i wish i can live in my mp3 player 
i am soo tired 
i want to go to new york to see avenue Q !!!!! that would be amazing !!! http://www.avenueq.com/ 
grahhh nafaaaaaahaa 
im soo tired 
i'm just tired of it all 
girl scout cookie booth in the morning !!!! i still got new brownie pins to replace some old/missing ones !!! sill need anoth cadette pin cause it broke !!! 
" We could go to the zoo ! 
Pick up girls at NYU ! 
We could sit in the park smoking pot ! 
Or not 
There is life outside your apartment . " - avenue Q is the best 
i love how black buttler takes place in london but they all speak japanesse 
i hate when people oh my life is perfect the next day i hate my life boo hoo ! your in high school i dont think any of this crap is going to made 10 years down the road and i really dont care to know about it ! oh you date for a week and all of a suden your in love ?? umm no you arnt !!! then some of those create drama and act like yout upset or stressed about it !!! people need to get over them self 
if you step back and look at realty people seem really stupid ! but on the other hand how many people look at it ? lol :) 
night 
hmm so sleepy 
watching the new glee o . 0 
i gave evry one care bear and care bear and care bear cousin names !!!!! hehehehe 
i have to be better by tomorrow ! i woke up and could hardly wake today 
it hurts just to roll over in bed 
At 3 yrs " Mommy , I love you " . At 10 yrs " Mom whatever . " At 16 yrs " My Mom is so annoying . " At 18 yrs " I wanna leave this house . " At 25 yrs " Mom , you were right . " At 30 yrs " I wanna go to Mom's house . " At 50 yrs " I don't wanna lose my Mom . " At 70 yrs " I would give up EVERYTHING for my Mom to be here with me . " You only have 1 Mom . Post ... this on your wall if you appreciate & love your Mom . 
ok im ready for tomorrow lets just see how im going to get around all those stairs 
savannahs haveing a sleep over and they are playing truth or dare 
so tired ......................................................... 
i have made up my mind i am geting pokemon white ! the point of black is to always battle and the point of white is to catch ' em all ! ( pun ! ) thats the part that always stuck with me from the orginal theme song ! ( now i have it stuck in my head ) any one want to make some genorous donations !?!! 
i thank those who wrote me some letters of recomendations ! im sorry but there sooo funny because NO ONE spelt my name and coach hoods was very funny just because he wrote may time she she she she she in it but umm there is one his !?!?! i know teacher have a fill in the blank one and just drop names and genders ! i thought i every one would stop calling me a boy after 6 grade >.< 
omg i so bored >.< !!!! haha i found a way on to facebook !!!! take that school !!! 
i beat the 8th gym on pokemon soul silver and she wouldn't give me the badge >.< 
wayching tv with bella she is useing me as her pillow 
bad hair day >.< why cant we were bandanas to school that wooul fix alot of mine 
matthew is pouting cause his friend cant come over ! and he only wants to watch icarly 
waiting for momma to pick me up cause megan is spending the night !!!!! 
i want to sign up for windsurfing for g.s. camp but i have to be in 9th >.< and they dont have almoust nothing for 10th graders 
omg it took the pizza man and hour and a half to get here 
the 6 grade girls on my bus make me wanna snap >.< 
i got -home and -slept till- now time- for bed- 
u / u / u / u / u / 
i hate spring >.< 
un-manageable hair 
watching a werid movie at kristi's >.> 
hmmm another school day ..... but i have vacation tomorrow !!!! :) 
i felt so stupid i thought the new freshmen acadimy was going to be the new band room untill mr huff made us go out side in the cold >.< no one brought a jacket 
leaveing for vacatoin 
if i hear silnce im gonna kill you i am going to choke some one with this computer mouse cord 
Duration calculation results 
From and including : Monday , March 28 , 2011 
To , but not including : Friday , June 3 , 2011 
It is 67 days from the start date to the end date , but not including the end date 
Or 2 months , 6 days excluding the end date 
Alternative time units 
67 days can be converted to one of these units : 
 5,788,800 seconds 
 96,480 minutes 
1608 hours 
9 weeks ( rounded down ) 
i feel sick to my stumic 
yayz i'm going to OHIO !! 
Going to get packed i watched anistia with savannah kaitlyn and matthew ! i wanted to listen to a song and it was at the very end !! 
I got the first boarding pass for my plain ! it even came with a cupon for one free alcoholic drink ! I toke a test yesterday over drinking and why do teens drink ?! well one new answer might be adult give you free drinks on airplanes !!!! 
its sad i only trust the schools apple sauce ! 
PEOPLE SHOULD TEL PEOPLE BEFOR THE DICONECT NUMBERS !?!?! 
Little black things , 
Little black things , 
Crawling up and down my arms , 
If I wait till they have babies , 
I can start a black things farm ! 
music :) <3 
omg i love cha cha !!!! i cant believe hallee got baned for two weeks ! 
i asked cha cha if nashville airport had a lost and found cause i droped my phone sock cause some one kept calling me !!!! i want to check cause i miss it i want another one ! 
can't sleep 
I miss my bella !!! :'( i want my lil baby !!!!!!!! 
just seen a comercal for bacon sunday - yah with ice cream and chocalate >.< that is nasty ! 
in enlgish i get to be juliet's dad !!! lol i kinda think its funny im katelyns daughter but yet im her father ? 
when i dont need hair bands they are in my way when i want or need one there gone >.< 
got sick this morning >.> 
hope my stumic can handle pocky cause thats what is going in it 
i hate when people mess up my food ! 
Kiss me , k-k-kiss me 
infect me with your love , and fill me with your poison 
just thinking black opts is kinda fun when you figure out how to play and you can bring history into it ! during spring break i had to explain to nick that we ( in the game ) were russian not german ! 
i am amazingly thirsty !!! 
fell asleep last night cant remeber again lol ! 
just recored my self singing colors of the wind i did better then vanassa hudgens remake mostly cause she was terible ! 
Freedom of speech ! people need to under stand its ok to disagree ! i wish our school had debat teem/club and if we do why dont i know ~ !? 
i gave coach hood cake ! and he said ohh cake ! then didnt even procede to look touch or anything guess he isnt geting cake again ! 
my hair is gone ! 
THIS DAY IN HISTORY : 1781 > Phillips and Arnold launch attack on Petersburg , Virginia . 1800 > Library of Congress established . 1916 > The Easter Rising begins in Dublin . 1922 > Forensic evidence is introduced in Australia . 1945 > Truman is briefed on Manhattan Project . 1953 > Churchill knighted . 1981 > IBM introduced the first personal computer . 
i normaly use a glob of shampoo and forgot that i had got it cut off and i it took me 4 ever to get it out 
Its always somthing 
some one 
comment on this 
I know .... I Am amazing 
History channel ! <3 
Moms just a swore loser dont be hateing cause im a disney god ! 
Can't sleep 
My fan is on high and i am burning up 
Oh snap ! 
I hate the bus 
i Will miss my budy 
the weather people have taken over me glee !!! I AM SO MAD YOU DO NOT MESS WITH MY GLEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
On this day in 1865 , after a 12-day manhunt , Lincoln assassin John Wilkes Booth was tracked down and killed by Union soldiers . 
Watch u wont c much of blair on glee now 
Lets close the school ! 
Lunch time 
momma is stuck in the rain 
bella is a good bug detect she tear down thr house chaseing them but she'll never catch ' em 
Mom toke my sims 2 her class thing 
No 1 touchies my reese's pieces 
I hate this school 
the jacksonian was awesome ! i got in the dunk tank and got dunked alot ! got to see krysta ! 
I tryed to stay out of the sunny i stayed under an umbrella and yet im red 
Mikala didn't log out of her account on my computor ! Don't forget to do that ! I have access to your deepest darkest secrets ! LOL . Have fun cleaning ! 
Is in so much pain i have never burnt this bad ! Never ! Time 2 brake out the sun screan 
who ever created sun screen is AMAZING ! 
i lost the GAME ! 
so bored !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i hope the sun burn is a bad as its going to get woke up this morning and hurt so bad then later when i rewoke up i had blistered 
Every time ! 
becareful what host club amv s you watch cause if you click on too many of the twins ' videos thats all you will find its scary ! 
hi my loving daughter forgot to log off ... hi to her friends .. ps stop getting on my computer you have yours .. love 
AND YOU WOUNDER WHY IM ALWAY MAD !?!? 
A child said to his mom " Mommy , I colored your sheets with lipstick " In anger she started to hit her child until he was unconscious . Then , she regretted what she had done , and crying said to her child , " Please open your eyes " , But it was too late , his tiny heart had stopped beating . When she walked in to her bedroom , The sheet said " I LOVE YOU MOMMY " copy and paste this for 1 hour if you are against child abuse 
