is in bergen .. finally ! went swimming in the sea today and OMG THAT WATER IS SO FREAKIN FREEZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! actually everything is cold ! but it was so much fun-it was totally worth it ! 
left aberdeen and is now in london 
cant believe im finally home ... home , sweet texas . 
wow . i think im broke ! one week left in bergen , and 1 in the uk ... then im home ! miss you guys ! 
babysat again last night . 
is redecorating her room 
Laurel and Abhi are awesome XD 
saw harry potter 
going to rachels 
omg my room is clean ! 
is sooo tired .. how did i mange with so little clothes ?!?! 
took a looong nap 
well it STARTED out as a really good day .. 
made another lipsync 
in every black hole there is a flicker of light 
drip 
is currently sitting in isb ... having so much fun ! 
found harmony , got covered in mud and twisted both knees . 
is absolutely exhausted . one lock in down , one to go . 
saw the 8th wonder of the world ... les miserables ... completely amazing ... flying home tomorrow ... finally ! 
happy and tired :) 
went shopping :) 
Every cloud has a silver lining . You just have to want to see it for it to appear :) 
first day of high school today ... ooh im so tired ! and confused ... i cant remember when ive ever been this confused ! 
feels like such a hippy ! 
what a very looong monday this has been ... 
listening to classical music :) 
cant believe school starts tomorrow , has the most adorable baby brother EVER and got her nails done for the first time ! 
lost a wristband !!!!! 
bad days just seem to get worse . 
is sick :( 
ouch . 
completely overtired but still had a pretty good day :) 
is obsessed with india ... 
escaped the fair !!!!! HOORAY !!!! 
playing in the rain with a brother who thinks hes a kitty ... 
whys is there always so much homework ?!? 
1st marching competition today ! then went dress shopping & ate at fuddruckers :) 
might .. just might ... be getting a dog !!!!! 
went to the beach and got sunBURNED ! ooo ! 
is SOOOOOO excited !!!!!!!!!!! 
took a nap and forgot to wake up ... ACK ! 
went to a veerrryyy looonnnggg horse show 
' s legs smell good :) 
has the flu ... are 4 different medications REALLY necessary ?? 
is bizodiac ! 
pajama day tomorrow !!! wooohoo !!! 
December ? Now ? What ? CHRISTMAS ???? But school just started !!!! 
had lotsa snowball fights at school today :) 
went ice skating 
is 15 !!!!!! WOOOOO !!! 
saw a big pack of wild dogs waaaayy too close last night while walking the dog 
is cooking LOTS these days ... 
is finally home ... can i breathe yet ? 
is in Jazz band , apparently :) 
is hyper and happy :D and really doesnt feel like doing all that homework ... 
wants to DO something ! 
is texapean !!!!! 
wishes her iPod held more songs ... 
adores messing with Ivar ... MWOOhAHAHAHA !!!!! 
uh-oh . 
why is EVERYTHING happening THIS week ? im drowning ! help ! 
oh la la ! ugh . 
Cyrus is way cooler than me (: 
:) 
Interesting day of firsts ... I drove for the very first time , visited my dad's new apartment , & visited his new office . I went IKEA shopping after that :) 
is pretty sure that this just hasn't been the greatest day of my life . 
gots a haircut :D 
has internet :D 
get to sleep in for the first time since august :) 
is cold . 
chocolate fondue tonight :) 
made 2nd chair symphonic :) 
we have soy milk !!!! And my hands got so cold that they got covered in orange spots ! 
first day of dance class & I love it ! 
State :) :) :) 
Loves chocolate cake mmmmmm 
Doesn't understand why she keeps getting these weird , really vivid dreams I spent a long time last night climbing Fløyen it was exceptionally steep for some reason- everybody could barely climb it and it was a bit like the Titanic sinking- people would just start falling , dragging more people with them . But we got to the the top . 
Letter jacket :) finally !! 
Buffy makes everything better . Even * shudder * terrible horrible very bad no good sunburns ! 
Please tell me I'm not the only one getting continuously swamped with mail praising my outstanding academic achievement !!!!!! ARGHHH !!!!!! 
Gotta eat a bagel on a couch with a backpac 
Got back from Slumber Falls in New Braunfels :) I went to the Gristmille , the Iron Horse Grill , went swimming in the Guadeloupe , and hung out with Katelin Warren , Karen Gleason , Andy Warren , Ted Jordan , Shawn Gleason , and Jennifer Jordan :) 
My phone got stolen , and I'm not ignoring anyone . I have no clue how long I will be phoneless . Grr . 
So , one week , and I get dumped , break my sax minutes before going onstage , and get my iPhone stolen . What am I most upset about ? My iPhone . 
Went to the Cheesecake Factory for the first time today , and got mango key-lime cheesecake , tropical unsweetened iced tea , and a wild mushroom pizette :) I love that place :) I also got a hair cut :) 
Woke up this morning with the worst nosebleed of my life ... Everything was covered in blood , and I look and feel like something out of a horror movie . I bled for like an hour and a half . I don't think I have any blood left to bleed . 
Has a phone to use for now :) same number 
Happy sigh :) 
concert tonight :{ ) 
And the smoke clears ... 
wore authentic norsk boots today . STØVLER . Say it with me . Sexy , I know . 
Has pouffy hair :) 
Highly dislikes a certain sensation that can be felt in many forms , known to most simply as BEING SICK !!! 
At a saloon in Durango ;-P 
Left Utah & am now in Idaho 
Cousins here we come ! 
Man , I just got this sudden feeling of hypocrisy .... 
Is getting fed up with life and the world . It's turning out to be so much more complicated than it looked like only a few years ago . 
Wants a Leaf ! 
Just left the 2nd coolest city in the world- Santa Fe ! Now We're on the Santo Domingo Reservation ! AAAAAAA !! I LOVE NEW MEXICO ! 
Happy birthday to my darling little sister Elsa Toskey ! 
There are more fruits in the ocean :) 
Misses Ms. Cordes & ballroom dancing :'( 
God is still speaking , 
No snow :'( 
blonde , blonde , blonde . left out . yellow . thats you , elsa 
has internet again for the first time in a month ! 
just supplied 242 cups of clean drinking water ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
painted my bathroom , then went camping :) 
Horrible day . 
feels deliriously happy , all of a sudden ! 
Just doesn't get it . 
Just ate a whole , uncut apple :D 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same .. Until monday ( dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook .. only an invasion of memories .. This is for violence against children 
Good day that ended too soon . Oh , the agony of not being able to drive ! 
just supplied 156 cups of clean drinking water ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
just bought 8 grains of rice for the hungry ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
just bought 58 calories of food for animals in need ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
just gave 4 milligrams of teddy bear stuffing ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
concert tonight :) 
hates facebook right now . It's deleting all my posts . 
Driving down Route 66 :) 
Is going to bed & feels like posting something pointless to conclude her freshman year of high school . 
just bought 2 condoms ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
just supplied 220 cups of clean drinking water ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
Going going going . When do we ever stop ? 
is just so so sooooooo happy :) * sigh * :) 
Made last place for drum major :) Wooohooo ! 
just gave 5,616 milligrams of teddy bear stuffing ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
just supplied 336 cups of clean drinking water ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
Aaaaanddddd ..... We're off ! 
Is being tossed around :) 
i have bits of mouldy ear on my earrings ..... el burro es mi burrito aborrido . Me aburro . \n\n-Laurel 
James is back ! :D :D :D 
iz gonna join FCC ! 
just supplied 52 cups of clean drinking water ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
Drum Major clinic is HARD ! ( even if it is just for the experience ) 
Our yard is flooded . 
catching fireflies with my uncle mark :) 
Oh and I burned my whole digestive system today . New Mexican food is SPICY ! ( And I ordered green chiles , too ... ) 
Is just DYING of laughter ! 
Is actually really second chair and extremely excited :D :D 
Apparently I'm in Oregon :) 
Snooki wrote a book . It got published . What has this world come to ? 
White water rafting is fun ! 
Getting a car ! Woohoo ! 
just gave 6 milligrams of teddy bear stuffing ! ( http://apps.new.facebook.com/lunchmoney/?ref=st ) -- Play free games to Save the Planet ! 
Feels strangely subdued . 
FInished the cookbook AND the ratatouille ! Yay ! 
Ivar : Daddy , can we stop so Elsa can slide down the rainbow ? 
In Colorado ! 
Now on the Zia Indian Reservation :) 
I can't live without you , but it looks like I'm just gonna have to learn how to . 
Just crossed the continental divide & entered the Jicarilla Apache Reservation :) 
has the sweetest fruit :) And I saw Ironman 2 ! 
My calendar mocks me ... 
We're here ! We're actually here ! Cousins ! Hooooorrraaayyy ! Yipppeee ! Happy happ happy dance !!!! 
Really hates being sick . 
Happy Mother's Day ! \n\n-Laurel 
' s life is way too confusing . And all the people I want to talk to most right now are rather inaccessable . 
We're here ! 
Finally in Washington ! 
Ivar : * wakes up * I have popcorn eyeballs ! 
Is so not looking forward to today .... 
Got my ears pierced today :) 
got the car keys !!!!!!!!! 
I'm so retiring to New Mexico . I <3 Santa Fe ! 
Is really starting to miss all her friends ... ok , so I'm not starting to miss you guys , it's just now starting to threaten to consume me ... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I should be leaving Boise or Walla Walla for Fulshear on the 22 , though . ONLY ONE MORE MONTH !!!!!!! ( and a few days ) 
Just got out of Mesa Verde National Park , and saw the cliff dwellings :) 
This is insane . My baby brother has a 4-pack . My 4 year old brother has rock-hard abs . And all this time I thought he was a chubby little thing .... 
On the Jemez Reservation :) 
Ivar at Cadillac Ranch : They must have planted some car seeds ! 
Leaving for Seattle now ! 6 loooong days of driving ahead , with 2 little sisters , a baby brother , a puppy & parents . Wooohooo ! not . 
Bout 1/2 an hour left to Grandma's! 
signed up for driver's ed . WHOOP WHOOP ! 
Leaving Wichita Falls- heading towards Route 66 , Cadillac Ranch & Santa Fe ! 
Me : Well aren't you cool ? \nIvar : Nope . 
Huh . I like Santa Fe . It's cool . 
I'm on my way ....... HOOOOOOOOOOMEEEEEE !!!!!!! 
Finally started on that paper , misses James , actually misses quite a lot of people ... having friends all over the world really sucks most of the time ... and really should go to bed . 
This is terrible . 
So we saw a strip mine in Butte , Montana . Now we're going to the ghost town of Virgina City . \n\n-Laurel 
How far is it possible to fall ? 
Watching Condoleezza Rice speak at Memorial Drive Presbyterian Church :) 
James DeBose IS ON MY MIND !!!! 
... and in her house ... ~ James 
Home ! 
Got my top braces off today ! 
Loves flowers :D 
Just saw a grizzly mama with 2 cubs up close ! 
AWESOME , AMAZING day today :) 
( with James ) 
Save a turkey eat a squash ! 
Sorry Elsa hacked my phone > : 
Only 1095 days til I move out ! 
Making WAFFLES !!! WAFFLESWAFFLESWAFFLESWAFFLESWAFFLESWAFFLESWAFFLEWAFFLESWAFFLES 
Got back after 1 am last night- best day . Went to San Antonio for the football game & then to Six Flags ... amazing :D 
Chili cook-off :) 
Elsa said I should change this . 
RIght- second day of school , and I'm losing my mind , experiencing the stages of insanity , hoping I passed that English test , and praying I don't die . Remind me again why I thought it would be a good idea to take 2 math classes ? And AP History ? And PAP English ? That's it . I'm losing it . 
Be the change you want to see in the world . 
-Gandhi 
Retainers feel really weird . 
mm ... I can't remember the last time I had a coke :) 
I like it in the bandhall 
Ugh . I hate my life . Life and homework should not be the same thing . I'm too tired to think . I need a vacation . 3 years should do the trick . 
MUST STOP CHRISTMAS FROM COMING !!!!!!!! 
So my sisters are chasing each other around the kitchen trying to sniff each other and my brother is begging my mom to be home-schooled . 
Nothing feels quite right anymore , but I feel older and wiser , but like a little kid , and stronger but weaker , all at the same time . Life is strange . 
Got a 1 at UIL for marching band , woohoo ! Today I went to this Indian restaurant in Katy , & it was awesome . Not as great as that one in London , but ah well- I love Indian food ! And I watched Pride & Predusice with my Mommy at 1am & loved it ! 
It all has to end sometime . 
Seeing Harry Potter at the IMAX theater ! 
wishes to be a sheep . 
I am embarking on a new adventure . I may succeed ; I may perish . Here I go . 
So the Greek festival was this crazy drunken orgy . 
Does anyone else feel like their life is a soap opera ? Like this if you do . 
What's love got to do with it 
Oh god I live this iPhone ! 
Hates carrides with her family . 
Played soprano in church today :) 
So there's this red Lexus sitting out in my driveway right now ... :D :D :D :D :D 
Chapatis :) 
Finally figured out how to upload pictures :) 
Small children sleeping are miraculous . 
What am I doing again ? 
First day of yoga :) 
Thinks the US justice system needs a reform . 
Went on the brand new cinematic adventure known as Star Wars , with Travis :) 
The day after tomorrow . 
Had a muddy wet adventure . 
Oh Friday :) fredag , venredi whatever you call it , I love it ! 
