is wondering if anyone in the LA area wants to hang out today 
Today is pretty much as bad as it gets , it seems like everything that could go wrong is . 
So excited !!! :D I'm going home for the week !!! :D 
I finally found out where I'm getting stationed !! Little Rock , Arkansas 
some propane tanks blew up(or caught on fire and caused something else to blow ) outside the dorm just a little bit ago , it was kinda cool 
ahhgh so tired ... and its only 7:45 ..! 
is moving to southern CA ! my new tech school is at port hueneme 
India foxtrot yankee oscar uniform charlie alpha november uniform november delta echo romeo sierra tango alpha november delta tango hotel india sierra charlie oscar papa yankee alpha november delta papa alpha sierra tango echo tango oscar yankee oscar uniform romeo sierra tango alpha tango uniform sierra ( let's see who gets it and follows the instructions ) 
Why do we sleep through church ? But stay awake for a 3 hour movie ? Why is it hard to pray ? But so easy to cuss ? Why is it so hard to repost a Godly bulletin but easy to repost the mean ones ?? Why can people worship a celebrity but not God ? Gonna ignore this ? Afraid to get laughed at ? I bet 80% of you won’t repost this .... The Lord said If you deny me in front of your friends I will deny you in front of my father . 
i've got a question for everyone , what r some really good movies that have been out for awhile/long time ? 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed soldier once in 6 months or a year . A politician flies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced ; a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account ; a soldier must justify extra rations . A politician vows to defend their country ; a soldier actually keeps that promise . REPOST IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS 
thanks everybody for the great birthday wishes ! I really miss u all ! lol well everyone except garcia and chuck cause I see u guys enough as it is :) jk . thanx again everyone :) 
today could not be a more gorgeous day , its a nice end to a week of dreariness and cold 
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE !!!! 
did they think once about all the people they offend by NOT saying it anymore 
is finally HOME and OUT OF TECH SCHOOL !!!!!!!! 
IT'S SNOWING !! 
I remember all through grade school and High school saying this every morning to start the day ... I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States Of America , and to the Republic for which it stands , one Nation under God , Indivisible , with Liberty and Justice for all !!! We no longer do that for ... FEAR ... of offending someone !! Let's see how many Americans will re-post this & not care about offending anyone . 
no work today !! SNOW ! 
missing my great friends from back home :( 
we're getting severe thunder storm and tornado warnings and the weather station says its coming this way !! 
just got done with a long day , been up for the last 24hrs 
a tornado ripped a path through the middle of the base last night , passing my dorm by only about a thousand feet ! 
i just found out the wonderfulness of a cold shower after working out ! PURE AWESOMENESS !!! 
Usama Bin Laden's dead !!!!!! 
ugh , allergies please just go away 
um so .. if the world is over and this is heaven i'm sorely disappointed cause it looks a little bit too much like a military base 
just woke up from a nap , and about to take another one :D love em 
Please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of anyone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message even if no one knows anything about anyone . :-) 
Do not join the group currently on Facebook with the title " Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life " It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post !!! 
Don't buy the new Pepsi can coming out w/pics of the Empire State Bldg and the Pledge of Allegiance on them . Pepsi left out 2 words in the pledge " Under God . " Pepsi said they didn't want to offend anyone . So if we don't buy them , they won't be offended when they don't receive our money w/the words " In God We trust " on it . 
finally moved into my own house !! 
