hearts you a lot 
had an interesting trip back . 
has the day off . 
hmmm ... better deal with this fast ! 
comes with a warning label 
is havin ' fun in the sun ! =) 
had a really good day . 
... the confessional is closed ... 
pee'd more times today than during a 7 day drinking binge 
just doesn't feel like being a good girl at the moment 
... come over NOW ! 
0 to 80 in under 30 seconds ... I LIKE ... little to no brakes ... well ... you can't have it all ... 
needs a how to book on maintaining a " don't fuck with me " vibe in a situation where everyone knows I'm harmless 
isn't goin ' to jail this time * wipes sweat from brow * 
has to be at work early =( 
didn't sleep very well and now I have to work all day , I'm almost scared to drink coffee however . I want to be awake , not seizuring . =/ 
is home and ready to pass out . 
is seriously thinking about going grocery shopping because I'm that bored and I can't sleep . =( 
... if good times were measured in bruises , i'd never know a bad time . 
can hear the thunder rolling in 
ran out of gasoline . 
really likes her tech . teacher ... I feel that we could be friends . =) 
is extremely happy , as in , I can't stop smiling ! :-D 
woke up to dad postponing our trip in order to write his will . 
is comfortably numb . 
... f *** brontophobia , I ain't scurred ... * scream , run , hide * ... I'm going out ! 
got the manual , practice will commence once a majority of the vehilces on the road are safely parked , the side of the road doesn't count . 
is throwing in the towel . 
... it would storm wouldn't it ... ughhh ... ='( 
' s liver says slow down . 
is hungry but can't legally get food ... ='( 
is prepping for an eleven hour shift . 
was a mechanic the other day , electrician yesterday , what will America vote for tomorrow ??? 
has to work 10-3 , which pretty much makes this bedtime . =( 
... Anthony's up . 
is finally getting work done around this household . 
wrang up a couple today that was overly giddy and couldn't keep their hands off each other . A co-worker and I decided they must have been on X . 
' s dad is gonna work in the rain ... and I think I'll help him . =/ 
is headed out to the backyard , to cut it :-( 
got the shit beat out of her by her nephew . 
is pondering the stun gun . 
went to her sister's ... that is always interesting ... especially when her mom stayed up just to yell at her . =) 
wonders why she was the focus of everyone's lens . 
... have I mentioned I'm scared of thunder ? 
pink handcuffs ? 
is supercalifragilisticexpialidocious . 
will have manly looking arms by the end of the semester . 
is unsure why she had to turn on a scary movie , sleep is no longer an option ... thank God I'm off today . =O 
curiosity begets more curiosity ... it's an epidemic ! 
just saw Elvis enter the building with one of Hell's Angels 
... finally ! 
is finally gonna watch Dirty Dancing . =) 
had a minor conniption fit , but it's okay now . 
' s jacuzzi is temporarily fixed . =) 
is adding the current weather to pictures of landscapes , black onesies , Marilyn Mansons face , the best beatboxer's laughter , " or tell your Aunt Louise " , and who know's what else . 
is gonna work and clean before work , what an exciting life I lead . 
is a little bitch . Fo realz . 
was molested by a mad woman at work . 
.... tequila ! .... 
is going to get the manual tomorrow , I'm gonna dominate that stick , assuming I don't crash and die . 
... 
will probably fall asleep in 156 , great ! 
is setting her past ablaze tonight . 
wanted to sleep tonight =( 
didn't think optimism could be so difficult . 
is beginning a serious diet/exercise plan tomorrow ... goal : lose a whole cup size =) ... no expected time frame 
somehow didn't know that the UK/UL game was today , thanks facebook . 
is starting on a list . 
is waiting 
is thinking she really doesn't want to go to work today . 
shall be socializing around ice cream later , but first ... the lake ! 
is sitting on her front porch making money . 
got a free hug today =) 
can't stop eating . 
... spicy food and thunder ... oh yeah and Kentucky gettin ' their ass kicked ... yay ! 
is sick sick sick of yo shit , and when I'm not sick , I'm tired , I am sick and tired of listening to your bullshit . 
' s mom just informed her that she's leaving tomorrow morning and won't be back until Monday , and here's what I'm thinking ... what if it storms ? =( 
reached back like a pimp , slapped a ho ... 
wake's in the morning and step's outside and take's a deep breath and get's real high , and scream's to the top of her lungs , what's going on ? 
is apparenlty wearing trucker shoes . 
is hurtin ' a little at the moment , =( 
watches the deer and groundhog play ... 
... LATEST UPDATE ... Sarah Garvin's chances of having kids were greatly reduced this afternoon in an excruciating biking experience . Although the money saved in affording birth control is reputable , it will not compensate for the cost of buying a child later to call her own . 
forgot that her 9:10 was canceled . =) 
.... -.- .... don't read too much into it 
is eating cheesecake while her teacher lectures about the rise in obesity ... 
doesn't feel so swift ... ='( 
is in ... what do they call it ... The Ville ! =) 
is ready for the recommended amount of sleep , but will have to wait once again to get it . 
... 3 day binge ? =/ 
just realized she was blocking a sidewalk ... how ?... by the angry stares of passer-by's 
is tired , in many different aspects 
should probably start studying 
' s little nephew can clearly say the " F " word . 
has had better nights ='( 
' s dad is dating a woman from UPS ... it's disgusting to think that she may be good at handling packages . =/ 
has a new , amazing fetish ! 
is super excited that they're playing Christmas music on the radio =) 
has been in the library for about 6 1/2 hours ... it will be 7 before she leaves . 
is home for the Holiday =) 
... -.- .... it's the boobs 
slightly pissed herself . =O 
would lose her ass if it weren't so perfectly attached to her sternum . 
hears sarcastic sexies 
doesn't feel good and can't sleep =( 
has quite a bit of stuff to do today . _ . _ 
just got back from work and all I want is heat , a shower , a massage , and a drink . ;/ 
hopes for the best 
has numerous purple condoms :) 
is watching criminals and mobsters die at the hands of half drunk , half sober , semi-attractive , irish saints 
is pretty sleepy . * yawns , stretches , closes eyes * 
loves that her internal alarm clock is set for 4 am . =/ 
... can you make me orgasm like strawberry shortcake can ? 
took herself to the movies last night to see Avatar , kicked back in her house shoes , and ate a whole medium sized popcorn within the first 30 minutes ... or so . =/ 
... the storm is picking up ... mom's not here ... soooo ... I'm going to see dad . =) Attempt to conquer fear round 1 ... failed ! 
... oye ... =/ 
... drunk ! :) 
is off to bed . 
is having one last drink . 
is finally gonna get to see The Hangover ... yay ! :) 
would love to go sledding , but not in her car 
should probably never watch scary movies , but for some reason always suggests them 
had some extremely weird dreams . 
finally got to play in the snow :D 
... everyone get's to go except me =( 
is dancing around the house half naked while I'm supposed to be getting ready to go back to school , something tells me this is another plan I won't be following through with . 
is gonna be busy busy busy this week . =) 
... good thing i'm off tomorrow , my car is gonna need the whole day to unthaw 
will let ppl know how scary Paranormal Activity is with all the lights on and the tv turned down . ;) 
misses everyone back home so much :'( 
doesn't have to work tomorrow 
is somewhat ready for the day =/ 
would have preferred a strep test to a pap smear . =/ 
is off to class =D (<- strange ... I know ) 
' s goal for the day : get as much shit done as possible before bedtime ( 9 o'clock ) 
realized that : 1 . unaware ... while trying to feel the sore on my tongue , I have been sticking my tongue out at people all day 2 . two people in two adjoining bathroom stalls , both constipated , is awkward 3 . being a clutz makes life rather difficult ... but in other news ... mad love for ice cream is becoming a health hazard 
has waisted the last 5 hours of her life ... guess I'll get up . 
might have a pinched nerve , if that's not more proof that my body hates me , i don't know what is . =/ o/w ! 
is HUNGRAY ( as said in Austin Powers ) 
just walked up 9 flights of stairs and was so tired by the time I got to the room that I tried to unlock my dorm with the automatic lock for my car ... i'm out of shape 
is tired of being sick ='( 
wants icecream 
is hot and bothered -.- 
is a sorry lil ' bitch . 
loves it when she get's up at 6 o'clock to be at work as usual and it's so cold outside her windows are refreezing while she is driving only to find out she works at 2 . I need a new phone ASAP . 
should never be bored 
appreciates the charity 
is a biker chick that smells like warm vanilla sugar . =) 
is blah 
slept all day yesterday and still doesn't feel that great . =( 
is getting nervous . 
has work to do . 
sleeps 6 feet off the ground . 
might believe that being crazy keeps you from going insane =/ 
is having a rather horrific day . 
finally found spring time ! 
feels much better about herself now that a small child ran up to her at DQ , pointed , and yelled " eww " . 
doesn't feel so swift , but has ten tons of shit to do . -.- 
<--- has a painful splinter 
thanks coffee 
is only slightly freaking out ... only bad thing about warm weather ... storms ! ='( 
wants to sell the winning ticket 
and I try , Oh my God do I try , I try all the time in this Institution . And I pray , Oh my God do I pray , I pray every single day for a revolution . 
is going back to bed , then taking a nice hot shower , then helping Brit celebrate her 21st the way I would celebrate mine . 
had her first nice encounter with cops tonight and is super excited about her new baby nephew . Now I have two of them to love and play with ... well ... when I go home . :) 
is finally home for a bit . My new nephew is absolutely adorable and his big brother is growing up way too fast . 
wants wings from b-dubs 
... there are a number of appealing vices , the question is which one gets you through the day ... if any ... 
shaved about 2 years off her life last night 
is being tested ... I just know it . 
is old enough to know better , but still too young to care 
is having daydreams about night things , in the middle of the afternoon . Also ... thanks for the birthday wishes everyone =) 
' s diet of choice : beer , reduced fat cheez-its , exercise 
wonders who'll stop the rain 
just got hit by the reality of her legality ... sobriety !... later 
feels much better 
slept far too long 
wants to thank the Pope for the sweet taste of rum 
wishes she could say something didn't happen and make it so 
wants to go to the doll house now !!!!! 
wonders what will be left to learn of fellow class mates at high school reunion , what with the daily use of facebook and all . 
would remain in Baird all day long if she had an instrument . 
will live for 30 years just to piss you off 
didn't expect a boat ride today 
has got a lot of stuff to do 
... summary : study , stress , 4 hours of sleep , lucked out of work , coffee , study , stress ... oh ... and apparently FB 
will probably never solve the mystery 
left at 5:30 and never came back . 
has not had time to plan or doesn't feel like it when she does 
can't decide ... muscle relaxers or alcohol ? 
while out driving around old neighborhoods back home passed by some familiar abodes such as Karalynn Mae , Brittany Herrera , Amanda Waldridge , and some popular girl from high school who's name escapes me . 
is stranded in her apartment with no voice , very little food , hardly anything to do and a bunch of cold medicine ... how to make this fun ???? ( thinking , thinking , lightbulb ! ) 
is surprised she remembered her password 
is sweating like a whore in church . 
needs something new 
forgot she had apple jacks 
is slowly recovering 
... lions and tigers and bears , oh my ! " scared hillbilly with a gun " RUN !! 
found herself in Wonderland 
has the day off , but with a full schedule of things to do . Speaking of which ... time to go . 
just got back from Pikeville 
helped send another 100 cars through McDonalds drive thru in an hour again today . Now , how many ppl can you feed in an hour ? 
is ... ummm ... alive ! =) 
assumes that she'll get ready now 
doesn't want the good weather to go away 
needs to work 
... I'd say I never let you walk all over me 
hasn't had her own voice in the past few days but managed Santa's voice today for her little nephew ... HOHOHO MERRY CHRISTMAS ! 
would guzzle a beer right now if I didn't think it would kill me 
is having mixed emotions of extreme stress and serious excitement , both will probably metamorphose to lack of interest when I take this generic benadryl ... also ... I heard why there are no sorority houses ... hehehe 
hehehe ... they weren't kidding about those four loco's 
' s head is spinning wondering how eveyone else started and stopped and I keep going . 
probably could be more pissed off , but it sure would be scary 
is super excited , haven't smiled this much since the last time my head was in the clouds . =) 
shivers at the thought that it could have gotten worse , smiles at the fact that it probably would have been awesome 
lucked out 
... eh , why not ? I'll feel better 
... eating is so much more fun when you have time for condiments =) 
was hoping for a delayed final . Foolish , I know . 
is hanging out with one of the coolest girls ever ... EVER ! 
is smart enough to understand , but not strong enough to do anything . 
is too comfortable to get up 
wouldn't talk to you , not always because she was mad , but sometimes because she didn't want you to see her cry 
is nearing bedtime . 
opened Pandora's box 
has much to do about nothing 
doesn't need to say anything , just smile for awhile 
hates being so confused =( 
has a lot to do -.- 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes =) 
not feel so swift =( 
' s brother did very good in his first race 
is preparing for the game ... also ... needs to get her hands on a bracket . =/ 
has left a trail of cheerios 
