The funny thing is I have a corkboard with buttons on it in my room too . 
The house is too quiet without Rachel . 
Somebody dumped a dog in front of our house today . :( 
is going to pick her sister up from church in a few minutes . 
I know . My parents finally decided that my sister and I could handle it . What have you been up to since graduation ? 
Just got back from taking her sister to a paintball game . 
I got a 3 on the AP Bio test !! That is a heck of a lot better than I thought I did . 
URGH !!!! I STILL can't register for orientation . I've been trying for 2 weeks !! 
I was on facebook til 3 this morning and I'm back on it now . I , Sarah Carter , am a facebook-aholic . 
is having her first interstate driving experience today . You might want to stay off the road for a while . 
" Wisdom is seeing and responding to life's situations from God's frame of reference . " 
I went to Raccoon Mtn today with my family . The weather was great and the view from the overlooks was amazing . It was so peaceful . I can't wait to go back . 
My couch is a surprisingly comfortable place to sleep . I think I'll do it more often , just ' cause I can . :) jk 
Spent the afternoon looking for book ends with Kelly . Had fun just running around . 
Well , I didn't throw a bowling ball backwards . However , I did fall on my butt . But I had a great time . 
I can finally have my coffee !! And it was great to see everyone at the party last night . 
Happy Independence Day everyone !! 
Oh , the boredom !! * head hits keyboard * Ow . 
We found a cat and two of her kittens today in our backyard . We don't know if there are more . A bee stung one of the kittens in the eye . :( Poor thing . 
I saw UP this weekend . Cute . 
I finally got to sign up for registration and orientation !! 
was suddenly hit with a wave of nostalgia ..... now I'm a little depressed . 
wonders how much of a life she needs considering I'm on facebook at one in the morning . 
Every now and again sometimes I get lost on the wind of a dream . The air gets clean and the seas get wide , and I can do anything . The pain , it won't even cross my mind . There's wonder in everything . The rope gets loose and the chains unbind , and I can 
can't wait to go bowling in a little while . Let's hope I don't throw a ball backwards .... again . 
Hey , guys ! I finally got one ! Sorry it's kinda boring at the moment . Okay , really boring . I'm working on it and on finding more friends . 
School hasn't even started and already I'm sleep deprived because of it . * yawn * I probably should get off ..... Nah . 
There . Finally a half decent profile pic of me . 
is going to go curl up with a nice thick book and put a DO NOT DISTURB sign on her door . 
First class today is at 1:40 . Currently listening to Iron and Wine ( thanks , Kelly ! ) and doing homework . 
Went to DSC's orientation . My respect for the school has grown some , and my respect for the profs has grown a lot . 
Two finals tomorrow . Hope I'm ready . 
is tired of talking to herself about herself in third person . 
Going interstate driving today . Second time ever . First time with my dad . Oh , Lord ..... 
is a little freaked out by the number of celebrity deaths in the past few days , and she really needs another cup of coffee . 
really wants to go for a drive with no particular destination in mind . Just relax , listen to the radio . 
is officially going to Dalton State this fall . I am also bored to tears and not in a very good mood . 
Going out to eat with family today . One last hoorah before school starts , I guess . 
How is it that even in the summer , Monday is still the worst day of the week ? But on the other hand , the world looks so beautiful tonight . So I guess it works itself out . 
is dying of boredom . 
is already having to help her little sister with homework . 
Classes start tomorrow . I have to get up at 5:30 . Ugh . Are we sure going to college was the smart thing ? DSC doesn't seem like it'll be as bad as I once thought . I still want to transfer when I can , though . 
If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want , good or bad . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 
There are moments ( like now ) when I wish I wasn't such an over-achiever /perfectionist/ OCD person . 
Good morning , all . Good luck to everyone travelling and be careful . 
feels like doing something productive , like homework . 
Had a great time hanging out with Cory , Brooke , and Jordan tonight . 
I hate it when apps decide they have a mind of their own . 
Boy with a coin he crammed in his jeans , then making a wish , tossed in the sea ..... 
Would it kill the county to repaint the lines on some of the roads around here ?! 
I will finish the first half of the chapter , I will finish the first half of the chapter , I will finish the first half of the chapter ..... 
In the middle of a 3 hour break between classes . Finishing up notes and skimming a reading assignment . Blah . Might go see about testing out of a couple of classes . Hmm ..... Then just hanging out until English . 
Rachel's going to have my phone for a while , so if you want to speak to me , email or message or chat please . 
is bored to tears . 
Hopefully tomorrow or the next day I will have a profile pic that is actually of me . 
Not feeling the greatest . Came home from school early . Missed two classes . :( 
Tomorrow is my first real attempt at cooking a meal . bahahaha ... who am I kidding ? When I go off to college , I'll be reduced to Ramen noodles within a month . 
I'll be wakin ' up early , long before the su-un , long before the su-un . Anybody that knows this song , who does it ?!? 
Okay , I give up . What's with all the gifts ? 
Going to lunch with the parents before classes . 
Changeling is an awesome movie ! And football season draws closer . For some reason , I am so excited about this year ! I can't wait ! 
is off to perfect the speech . For some reason , I am actually looking forward to it . Not normal ..... 
The cats in my yard have found a way to get into the house's ventilation system and are now following us and mewing at us at every vent they can find .... such as the one about 3 feet from me . I hope they can get out ..... 
is thinking about going to the game tonight . 
My life is currently defined by boredom , coffee , and Farkle . Will school ever start ?! I think my IQ drops every time I get online ; I know my sanity does . * insert maniacal laughter * 
is loving the rain . 
was up reading until about 2 this morning . 
Got my class schedule today . Hope it goes well . 
How do people function without caffeine ?! I can't have any until late Saturday or early Sunday . I feel like Jack Sparrow : " Where is that monkey ? I want to shoot something . " 
Just got back from RHS's first game of the year . I'm hoping for many more victories for the Tigers ! And even though I didn't get to talk to most of you , it was great seeing the 2010 seniors and the Alumni who came home for Labor Day . :) 
AAAAAHHHHHHHH !!!! There , I feel better now . 
Short week = no lab tomorrow ! Thank goodness . Maybe I can do a little of the reading I've been putting off . 
Woke up this morning thinking it was Friday , the day she has no classes . 
About to go pick Rachel up from Nicole's party . 
is having the most amazing day !!! I got a 97 on my first Bio test ( with a curve ) , really an 86 ( without it ) , but still . 
doesn't see the need for all English Composition classes to set out to murder the creative gene within me . :( 
has 25 bug bites on her legs . 14 on one , 11 on the other . 
A chapter a day keeps the professors away . 
should probably be doing her homework while she's got a computer at the school , but she wants to do it when she gets home ...... or tomorrow , just ' cause I actually have that option now . Let the procrastination begin !! 
Giving my mind a break from all the heavy history reading . @_@ 
It's your life . Whatcha gonna do ? The world is watchin ' you . Every day the choices you make tell who you are and what your heart beats for . It's an open door . 
is now officially wireless and very happy about it !! And my friend Kelly is awesome ! 
Don't let your lights go down . Don't let your fire burn out . Somewhere , somebody needs a reason to believe . Why don't you rise up now ? Don't be afraid to stand out . That's how the lost get found . The lost get found . So when you get the chance , are you going to take it ? There's a really big world at your fingertips , and you know you have the chance to change it . 
is online from her new laptop for the first time !! :D 
Just got out of my first test . I think my professor stole some of Mrs. Keith's AP Bio tests . 
ergh .... If I can't figure it out in the next 20 minutes , I'm giving up and going to bed . 
Well that just made my day . 
is having flashbacks to the days spent freaking out because of honors/AP classes . 
hates it when a few little things become lots of big things . Looking forward to my first college all nighter before midterm . 
Is planning on spending the next few hours with her nose in her textbooks . I need to make some sort of dent in the pile of reading that is determined to eat me . After that , research . A lot of research . I'm scared . 
was not named Grace for a reason . I spilled HOT coffee on myself , tripped and nearly fell head first into .... something unpleasant , and then tripped over a trash can and fell out of the classroom . 
is thinking about going to the library ...... hmmm . 
Alright . Round 2 . Me versus the textbooks . 
I will go where glory meets the crude and weak . I will go where mercy meets the shame . I will go where strength will find the small and meek . I will go where magic meets mundane ..... I will go where grace and healing love restores . I will go where peace and rest is known . I will go where friendship finds my heart in Yours . I will go where beauty leads me home . -Future of Forestry 
Couldn't get to school today . Guess why . Was without internet or cable for nearly 24 hrs thanks to last night's storms . Wireless router is fried , which means that until we get another router , I probably won't be online much . If you need to get in touch with me , pray that you have my mom's cell number . My phone is out of minutes , too . >:( 
Go Dawgs !! 
just got back from the game . Tigers win again !! Awesome time hangin ' with Jessica . :) 
is leaving for church in about 5 minutes . Afterwards , Walmart . Ugh . It's like going from the Pearly Gates to the dark , dismal abyss . 
Second day also went well . I love the other two profs I have . It was not boring . 
Awesome day hangin ' out with Kelly , then put in an application at Penny's , then the youth rally . I'm loving the cool temperatures , I hope they stick around . Unfortunately , I must pay for my fun . Tomorrow's going to be all homework ..... oh , joy . 
really is going to try her hand at cooking today . Possibly going to the game tonight . Decent day . 
Every memory of looking out the back door , I have the photo album spread out on the bedroom floor . It's hard to say it , time to say it . Goodbye , goodbye . Every memory of walking out the front door , I found the photo of the friend that I was looking for . It's hard to say it , time to say it . Goodbye , goodbye . 
has a paper due in about two and a half weeks that she hasn't started on yet . :/ Is it really that close to October ? 
is too tired to think of anything worthwhile to say . Going to school early to do some ( more ) history reading . Whoo hoo . :P 
Wet . 
I really hate the special talent that I have to pick up an object , carry it around , put it down somewhere , and not be able to find it 5 minutes later . Or ever again . 
Listening to some very calm and soothing music and trying to resist sleep . 
1 good friend ( and her family ) + Scrabble + homemade vegetable beef soup + Starbucks + a Bible study that absolutely blew my mind + Mastermind + iTunes = One very good day :D 
Great weather , was allowed to drive myself , got out of class 35 minutes early , still got stuff to do . :D It's a good day . 
is still a little shaky from the adrenaline released by coming three inches from her first major wreck . 
Just heard Sugarland's crossover with the B-52's and will probably be singing ' Love Shack ' the rest of the day even though I don't know many of the words . Great ..... 
does not feel like going into school early today . 
is wondering where Brooke is ...... 
Where are the people that accused me ? The ones who beat me down and bruised me ? They hide just out of sight , can't face me in the light . They will return , but I'll be stronger . 
was definitely blindsided by another test in Biology . I think I did ok . I really need to get started on a rewrite , two research papers , a speech topic selection , and a group project . * sigh * Oh , and midterm is next week . Wonderful ..... 
If I didn't think that I would get eaten alive by mosquitos , I'd go outside and sit , just ' cause I could . Summer nights are so serene . 
Directions off of Google are crap . I have learned my lesson : Always use mapquest . 
Is in the library waiting for class to start because today is not Friday . 
must prepare herself ( mentally more than physically ) to attend classes . Ohmmm , it's only two classes . Ohmmm , it's only two classes . Ohmmm , I need more coffee . 
has an acute paranoia that the librarians are going to get on to her for using facebook like at RHS . I can't get used to the freedom I have . It's amazing ! 
has a renewed fear of ATP , ADP , NADH , NADPH , redox reactions , electron transport chains , and the like . You AP Bio people ( and a few others ) know what I'm talking about . O_O 
was driving very close to an 18 wheeler when one of its tires decided to blow out . 
is hoping her parents get back from running errands in time to take her to class . sigh ..... If only I could drive myself . 
The older I get , will I get over it ? It's been way too long for the times we missed . I didn't know then it would hurt like this , but I think the older I get , I will get it over it . It's been way too long for the times we missed . I can't believe it still hurts like this . 
Well , I can't go to the football game tonight . :( So I guess my night will be spent studying some more and watching the episodes of Zannie and Adam's Cone series that I've missed . 
has a few more hours to kill . Why not get something accomplished ? 
just broke up a three dog fight . 
Y'know how old rings turn leave that green ring around your finger ? Old earrings turn your earlobes black . Just discovered that . 
Ack , boredom . Should probably go clean my room , maybe do a little of my homework later . 
is thinking of charging her little sister for all the tutoring . 
Would sit outside and stare at the sky for hours if she could . Autumn evenings are so beautiful and calm . 
Facebook was the inspiration for my speech . Who would have thought it ? lol 
is kind of sad . So many friends are moving this week or have already moved . Well , we always have facebook , but it isn't the same as seeing each other , is it ? * sigh * There are some parts about growing up that I really don't like . Oh , well . That's life , I guess . 
is annoyed because she just realized she has 3 overdue books checked out of the library . >:( 
Getting ready for church on this beautiful morning , a very welcome change from all the rain . 
Going to go find something to do . Feeling very awake . Too much coffee . :D PS2 and a CD sounds good . 
What cruel twist of fate is this ?! There is no sound on the channel the game is on !! Noooooo !!! ( And it is not simply muted , I checked . ) 
Sixty bucks down the toilet . >:( 
' s history research paper is a mix of relevant information , random fluff added to make it the right length , and a bit of psychoanalysis on the male mind . The professor's feedback should interesting ..... 
Sunlight ?!?! Could it be ?! 
Who's gonna fight for what's right ? Who's gonna help us survive ? We're in the fight of our lives , and we're not ready to die . 
Why do I keep getting off and getting back on ??? It's not likely to be any more entertaining than it was five minutes ago ! 
Tired from the Out of the Darkness walk , but had a great time supporting a worthy cause . Hope to do more walks in the future . And it was great seeing Anna and Jake . :) 
wants to get out of the house for a little while . 
Ok . Paper is half done . I can do the other half tomorrow night . Then start on the other one the next night . 
CSI : Miami !! <3 Horatio . 
Tired and a little cranky . Today was ..... ugh . Today got on my nerves . 
I really need to go to bed considering I have to get up ridiculously early . I don't wanna !! 
These past few days just haven't been the best when it comes to driving . Today's summary : two different weavers , was nearly backed into twice by the same guy , and was practically driving blind half way home . 
Next two weeks = two research papers , one essay rewrite , probably more research for a speech , and midterms . And the weird thing is that I'm not too terribly worried about any of it . Hmmm ...... 
probably shouldn't be drinking even this " small " amount of coffee this late but she really doesn't care . 
I saw the sky fall down today , suddenly turn from blue to gray , until one by one the raindrops turned to tears upon your face . Wish there was something I could do . Wish I could ease the pain for you , but I've never felt so helpless . 
Focus , Sarah . Focus on the research paper that is a good chunk of your grade . 
Research paper ...... sigh . 
Big sigh ...... breakfast , coffee , english . bleh . XP 
Find me here . Speak to me . I want to feel you . I need to hear you . You are the light that's leading me to the place where I find peace again . You are the strength that keeps me walking . You are the hope that keeps me trusting . You are the light into my soul . You are my purpose . You are everything . 
Speech midterm today . FYE midterm Monday . Get my history one back today ...... I'm scared . 
Just finished the first of two exemption tests I'm attempting today . It was the most challenging thing I've faced since I've been here . Did not score high enough to get out of the class . Oh , well . I tried . 
has been on Facebook almost all day and has not noticed the passage of time ...... I desperately need a life . 
Coffee . Now . 
just realized that she will have to go back to school tomorrow ( the day that I have no classes and don't necessarily want to be there ! ) to see if that stupid textbook is in yet . 
is gonna attempt going to classes today . I really hope that my vehicle doesn't float . Actually , I just hope I can get out of and back into Catoosa . 
I was in Mrs. Billington's 5th grade class , probably doing a warm up for language . For some reason , I want to say that it was raining that morning . I remember the administrators gave the teachers letters to us to give our parents , asking them to talk with us about what had transpired . Mom told us what happened on the way home . I was terrified of the sound of planes for most of middle school . Where were you ? 
What do I know of You who spoke me into motion ? Where have I even stood but the shore along Your ocean ? Are You fire ? Are You fury ? Are You sacred ? Are You beautiful ? What do I know ? What do I know of holy ? 
is listening to Big Dismal . Also liking the fact that her weekend begins on Friday now . :D 
is thinking about making her own college album to chronicle her journey through DSC . Might as well make the most of it , right ? 
My history professor decided at the beginning of the semester that all of his students needed call signs . He told us that he would assign them based on his observations of and interactions with us . Mine is ' Professor . ' 
Up til 3 this morning , slept til 11:30 , and currently watching the Georiga-Tennessee game . What could make this day better ? Oh , I know ! A history paper . Yay ! 
Coffee and Mythbusters would make for a great Sunday afternoon if they weren't overshadowed by the half finished history paper . Bleh . 
Passed the second one and out of college algebra ! Yes ! :D 
Take one speech professor . Add strong medication . This is what you will get : " Who's talking ?! I hear voices ! " O_o Lol 
Got back from a late walk a few minutes ago . I love late summer/ early fall evenings . 
really needs to get out of her room and away from her beloved laptop . 
Mythbusters !! 
needs stronger coffee and some motivation not to go back to bed and ignore the world . 
Erg ! Technology hates me . 
was just informed that when she yawns , one of her eyes moves toward her nose and one doesn't move at all . O_o 
One more song and then I will resume ...... * sigh * Lol . I really don't want to . My ' good but often lazy student ' mentality has returned . I will survive college . 
Slept in this morning and feel wonderful . :) 
Who's gonna fight for what's right ? Who's gonna help us survive ? We're in the fight of out lives , and we're not ready to die .... I'm gonna fight for what's right . Today I'm speaking my mind , and if it kills me tonight , I will be ready to die . A hero's not afraid to give his life . A hero's gonna save me just in time . 
Today feels like a super casual I-don't-give-a-darn-what-I-wear kind of day . 
Thinks it went from summer to winter a little too quickly . Brrrr .....! 
Nooooo !!! I've already reached the 40hr/month limit on Pandora ! Why ???! 
It's such a beautiful morning !! Makes getting up early worth it . :D 
I want to do something that matters , say something different -- something that sets the whole world on its ear . I want to do something better with time I've been given , and I want to try to touch a few hearts in this life and leave nothing less than something that says I was here . 
I love wearing class shirts into places where the concept of inside jokes is beyond people . I think my Strongism shirt freaked out the bank teller . Lol . 
is incredibly sleepy and does not want to work on her homework . 
Got absolutely nothing accomplished today and will pay for it dearly tomorrow . 
is pleased with her midterm grades . 
Surprise ! Test in Biology . Oh no . Hear the concern in my voice . 
Today was much better than yesterday . :D 
Brrr ..... It's cold outside . 
Leaving facebook up while trying to get some serious work done probably isn't the best idea . 
After much deliberation , I have also decided to join Brooke and Adam on the hiatus . 
feels a little sick . Hope it's just something I ate . Going to bed soon . 
Today will be a better day than yesterday ..... right ? 
It's the Great Pumpkin !! :D 
Lol . I knew that people would get sick of the blackout hoodie . Joby : " Do you ever change your shirt ? " Me : " I don't have anything else . " Joby : " How ' bout something Tennessee ? " Me : " No . " 
As if today wasn't bad enough ..... now I can't find my flash drive . -_-' 
I have a question for all the people that were in Anatomy with me last year . Did anyone happen to keep their copies of the presentations we did when studying the nervous system ? If so , can you list the sources I used for schizophrenia here in the next few days ? Please ? 
Sees more clouds and less sun ..... O_o 
is flabbergasted !! Brooke concurs . 
Church , home , nothing else . Might go on a walk . Putting off the other research until tomorrow and Tuesday . 
Most of my normal high school tests were much harder than my college midterms . O_o Should I be worried ? 
loves it when team members make you the " group leader " and fail to notify you of their decision . 
is going to have another eerily quiet evening ..... homework shall be my companion . 
is extremely happy and amazed at how God works things out ! :D 
needs a life . 
Trying to get some homework done on college game day was not the best idea I've ever had ..... 
The universe either hates me or I am the chosen victim of its twisted sense of humor and/or pranks . 
and Brooke Hullender want to run away from this place . NOW . Brooke : " Yes , yes , yes , please ...... * sob * Why ?! " Me : * hysterical laughter * 
Half an hour til english . Another RTP . Yay . Hear the enthusiasm . 
I feel it deep within . It's just beneath the skin . I must confess that I feel like a monster .... It's hiding in the dark . Its teeth are razor sharp . There's no escape for me- it wants my soul , it wants my heart . No one can hear me scream . Maybe it's just a dream . Maybe it's inside of me . Stop this monster ! 
I was sure by now God You would have reached down and wiped our tears away , stepped in and saved the day . But once again , I say , " Amen , " and it's still raining . But as the thunder rolls , I barely hear You whisper through the rain , " I'm with you . " And as your mercy falls , I raise my hands and praise the God who gives and takes away . 
Class in 25 minutes . Ugh . 
just had an encounter with what was the largest arachnid she's every seen !!! She's scared to put her feet on the floor for more than 3 seconds for fear that it would come back from the dead and crawl on them or bite them . O_O 
Rainy Fridays are good for nothing but catching up on school work , which is exactly how I'm going to be spending this one ........ Oh , joy . 
Rewrite down . Research to go . 
I feel like I have so much to do , but I don't know where to start . 
The internet is finally working at my house again !! :D But sifting through 15+ hrs of the new News Feed is an awful task . Giving a speech today . Oh , joy . 
thinks she now lives in a rain forest . 
At some point between yesterday afternoon and this morning , I lost the blackout hoodie . :'( 
Meeting the group in a little while . I really hope that other girl shows up and/or gets her info to me . 
Working on a speech about myself I have to give tomorrow . Ideas , anyone ? Anyone ? Oh , and a side note : I just heard that the flu is in GA Tech and spreading . None of you get sick !! 
Awesome day ! Two classes instead of three , hanging out with Kelly in Chattanooga , and now Mythbusters and coffee . Not even homework can ruin my good mood . :D 
To go to the game or not to go to the game ? That is the question . 
is incredibly stupid . Stupid is being kind ...... errrg . I fail . >_< 
Someone name a good band to listen to when you've grown bored of everything in your iTunes library . 
can't stand people pretend to do labs and then leave way too early to have accomplished anything . 
My hand feels weird . Pretty sure I came close to breaking it earlier today . 
just realized tomorrow is Monday ..... I don't tomorrow to be Monday . 
In the midst of all my darkness , in the midst of all my fear , You're my refuge and my hope . When the storm of life is raging and the thunder's all I hear , You speak softly to my soul . 
is trying to thaw out from sitting out in the cold to watch RHS's last home game . 
is being harassed to get off the computer . Ok , Rachel , I'm off . Have fun . 
is glad I've only got one more class to suffer through before the weekend . Most of my wonderful feelings from this morning are gone . :( 
curses her mild case of OCD and the stupid powerpoint that refuses to cooperate ! 
Working on a history paper . Always fun . :/ 
It's going to be a busy day . 
I was mistaken . Only had the history midterm today . Speech one is Thursday . Now the English paper ...... 
is slowly but surely becoming a crazy woman driver . >:D Watch out ! 
needs some coffee before leaving for church . 
Today is going to be a werid day . I just know it . 
decided that it was cool and rainy enough to break out the infamous ' 08 Sugar Bowl GA Bulldog blackout hoodie . She also bets that her friends are tired of seeing her wear it . >:) 
First class was only 20 minutes long . Now what ? I suppose I could do some of the work that I was saving until tomorrow .... or see if anyone I know is playing pool .... or just waste time on facebook and pandora . Hm .... decisions , decisions . 
God , I want to dream again . Take me where I've never been . I wanna go there . This time I'm not scared . Now I am unbreakable . It's unmistakable . No one can touch me . Nothing can stop me ...... Forget the fear . It's just a crutch that tries to hold you back and turn your dreams to dust . 
Errg ! Why don't people do what they say they're going to do ?! Or better yet , why don't they let me know ahead of time that they have no intention of doing what they say they are going to do ?! It would make life much simpler , I think . 
Sometimes at night , I am afraid . I cover my eyes . I cover my shame . Here in the dark , I'm broken apart . Come with Your light and fill up my heart ... The wind of this world can push around , folding us up and backing us down . But here in the dark , I'm not alone . So come with Your strength and carry me home . 
Pandora ..... <3 Also still pretty happy about the way some things have turned out . 
Too tired to think of anything intelligent to say . Going to bed . Two midterms tomorrow . Hope I'm ready . 
has a lot to think about and several important decisions to make in the near future . Any and all prayers , well wishes , and/or good thoughts are appreciated . 
Off I go into the wet , gray yonder . 
This morning feels like a coffee and hard rock music kind of morning . 
is going to enjoy the extra hour of sleep . Don't forget to set your clocks back ! 
is sitting away from the rest of the DSC population and enjoying the peace that comes from being outdoors and not having to go to English . 
Wow . I never knew that ping pong was such an intense sport . 
just had the scare of her life . We thought my dog ran away , but thankfully , we found him wandering around the neighborhood . 
is actually going to bed at a decent time tonight . 
Head hurts ..... room spinning . 
I am pressed but not crushed , persecuted not abandoned , struck down but not destroyed . I am blessed beyond the curse for His promise will endure that His joy's gonna be my strength . Though the sorrow may last for the night , His joy comes with the morning . 
is going to go make another pot of coffee and resume her fight against persuasive speeches . 
hates it when teachers decide that they want to test your critical thinking abilities and give you problems that in the end make you feel incredibly stupid for not figuring out the answer sooner if you figure it out at all . 
feels like she could've gotten more accomplished today than she did .... oh , well . Also feeling very awake . Crash will come soon , I fear . 
When I am down , and oh my soul so weary , when troubles come and my heart burdened be , then I am still and wait here in the silence until you come and sit a while with me . 
For the first time you can open your eyes and see the world without your sorrow , and no one knows the pain you've left behind . And all the peace you could never find--It's waiting there to hold and keep you . Welcome to the first day of your life . Just open up your eyes . 
So .... many ..... quizzes . @_@ 
Football ..... Yay ! Papers ..... Ugh ! 
is going to drink one large cup of coffee and then tackle the growing pile of homework ..... it was nice knowing you . O_o 
Should probably go to bed seeing as how I have to get up at 5:30 , but I'm feeling very awake . Hmm ...... 
' s family mocks her fear of spiders . I can't help that they are horribly ugly and vicious little monsters . 
really needs to invest in a stapler . 
Who are you to tell me that I'm less than what I should be ? Who are you ? I don't need to listen to a list of things I should do . I won't try . You don't define me . 
Someone text Brooke . She thrives on conversation , and my phone is out of minutes so I can't . ^_^ Brooke : " Lawl . Lawl , lawl , lawl . " 
CSI Trilogy !!!! 
thought she was making progress , then she found so many shiny distractions . ( And all without Dylan's help , too . ) Haha . 
AWWW !!! Four year olds give the best gifts !! <3 
Speech tomorrow . 
wishes she had a better status update than just commenting on her school work . Speech went well . Need to print sources and take notes before tomorrow . Paper due Monday . Blah blah blah . 
Paper rewrite's done . Now on to either the speech or the semester project . 
saw a guy wearing a purple plaid kilt , mathcing purple socks , and black converse .... It's been a WEIRD day . 
I've seen dreams that move the mountains , hope that doesn't ever end , even when the sky is falling . I've seen miracles just happen , silent prayers get answered , broken hearts become brand new . That's what faith can do . 
Employers are just going to have to get over the fact that they will have to hire people who have little to no experience . If they don't , then when the experienced generation grows old and dies , no one will be able to take over their jobs because they didn't have any opportunity to learn how to do the jobs . So the global economy will be obliterated and humanity will be thrust back into the Dark Ages . 
Definitely saw a chicken crossing the road today . 
I imagine that everyone is offline because they are at the New Moon premiere . Correction : They are in line and will be in line for the next 2.75 hours waiting to see the movie . 
Maybe today won't be as weird as yesterday . Only going to one class this afternoon . What to do til then ?? Last history and speech classes til December 1st . <3 Thanksgiving break . 
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! * glass shatters from intensity of scream * 
The annual horde of ladybugs has sent scouts ahead of the main pack to make a reservation in our home . 
Little over two hours of deep cleaning burns many calories . Of course , now I'm worried about my legs buckling from underneath me . I did more squats in two hours than I have all year . 
saw a very cool show-and-tell type presentation about Desert Storm today . 
Last lab of the semester !!!! 
Putting up the Christmas decorations today ! 
stepped on a needle last night . How and why it was in my room , no idea . 
Cleaning and homework . Bleh . 
45 minutes to kill before history . Now , I could begin work on my paper for English or my semester project for FYE , both of which are due Monday , but I believe facebook is a much better use of my time . XD Of course , in doing this I am setting myself up for a lot of hurt this weekend . :/ 
History has taught us that days of the week prefaced by the word ' black ' generally do not end well . Just sayin ' ..... 
Happy Thanksgiving !! I'm so thankful for faith , family , and friends , and even for every calorie that I will ingest in the next two to four days . 
Ringgold and Fort O .... flooding is occurring or imminent . Great . 
Find me here . Speak to me . I want to feel you . I need to hear you . You are the light that's leading me to the place where I find peace ... again . You are the strength that keeps me walking . You are the hope that keeps me trusting . You are the light into my soul . You are my purpose . You're everything . 
So the first lab of the semester , the professor broke a test tube and a student broke a beaker . Second lab professor was in the hospital . Third lab ( the one with extremely caustic and toxic chemicals ) , something broke and someone screamed . I hope I live through this semester . 
Waiting til tomorrow to work on the papers . Probably not the best idea , but I just want one day where I don't have to think about school for any reason ...... except high school football games ! 
wants to know why Finding Nemo is still a good movie to watch when nothing's on , even though I've seen it like 50 times and should have out grown it . 
loves how songs can say what you can't . 
After one week with my student , I am out of work until March . She has good reasons , but still . :/ 
;) ??? u ? ? u ?????? p ? ? o ?? p ?? o ? ??? ?? ? oo ? ? ? u ???? s ? 
Tomorrow is the only day of classes this week !! Then only two sessions per class left !! 
Everybody falls sometimes . Gotta find the strength to rise from the ashes and make a new beginning . Anyone can feel the ache . You think it’s more than you can take , but you are stronger , stronger than you know . Don’t you give up now . The sun will soon be shining . You gotta face the clouds to find the silver lining . 
The Christams decorations are up , and they look pretty good considering I was working on 6 hours of sleep and 3 cups of coffee and the dog was trying to eat the tree branches . 
Going to bed early for a change . Night . 
I keep thinking that my statuses sound so much more cheerful and friendly than this picture makes me look ..... okay , cheerful and friendly may not be the best words to describe me anyway , but you get the point . :P 
Homework over a break kinda defeats the purpose of the break . XP Ah , well . Just a couple more days of classes and I'm done , so I can deal with it . 
This day just looks utterly depressing . I hope the sky clears up . 
is hoping her computer will hang on for another half an hour . Then I will let it die peacefully . 
Lab final tomorrow . * gulp * Ready , set ,..... CRAM !! 
EEK !! Why do I keep finding spiders ?!?! I realize that Halloween is near , but this is just creepy ! 
Alright . One more song , then bed time . 
Over the river and through the woods , to grandmother's house we go ..... 
can't decide whether or not to give up on the Dawgs . 
went to the what was probably the shortest homecoming parade in recent history , then tried to amuse herself for a couple of hours by people and car watching . Left the game early , but we were winning . 
locked herself out of her house and stepped in something wet and slimy that seeped through her socks . :/ 
Biology final is over with . I have four hours to kill before my next final . Review time . Yay . XP Wondering if going home would be worth the wasted gas . 
Woke up late , left home REALLY late , got to class late , failed the lecture quiz . Passed the lab quiz . Quizzes next two classes , too , I believe . 
The one thing I don't like about Thanksgiving is spending the weeks and days before scrubbing the house until it sparkles with hopes that the grandparents won't say " You missed a spot " when they arrive . Haha 
Standing water + Ooltewah-Ringgold road = Sarah + hydroplaning . O_O DSCers , I have the FYES textbook , HIST 2112 textbook , and the COMM 1110 ( speech ) textbook . I will sell them for $40-$45 each , which is a much better deal than you will get at the school bookstore or Clements and Christie . Lab manual is sold . 
Just got back from an early evening walk . Autumn nights are so breathtaking . This one is especially so because as I was walking up my driveway , I saw the large harvest moon cresting the ridge beyond my house . Too bad my camera is dead . 
can't seem to focus on reviewing for finals .... sigh . I'm a little concerned . Perhaps I should lock myself in my room for a few hours . Okay . Ready and .... focus , Sarah ! 
Wait ! It's all that I can take , and every single day , a part of my soul is fading . But now , by letting go somehow , unshackled and unbound , I'm calling out Your name . I'm fading . So save me from what I've become . 
You calm the storms , and You give me rest . You hold me in Your hands . You won't let me fall . You steal my heart , and You take my breath away . Would You take me in ? Take me deeper now ? How can I stand here with You and not be moved by You ? Would you tell me how could it be any better than this ? 
It's COLD !! Going to church then study for first two finals . 
doesn't need to stay up late . She wants to go to sleep . She has to get up early tomorrow .... so why is she still up ?!?! 
Okay .... speech final was brutal , much harder than both biology lecture and lab finals . Go figure . English final is up next , and as far as I know , it's just an in-class essay . 
Homework and cleaning . XP 
History final today and then finals are history ! That doesn't sound as clever as I would have liked . Oh , well . It's early , and I've not had much coffee . :P But I'm about to change that . hehehehe 
is watching a corny werewolf movie , listening to some rock , and trying her very best not to scream out her frustrations . 
I have a feeling that running errands for the parents is going to be the sum of my existence for the next month . 
Christmas parade is tonight . Wish I was going , even though I would probably freeze to death . 
Happy Windsday ! Haha . Let's see how many people understand that reference .... 
Nap time . ZzzZZzZZZzzzzZzZzzZzzzZZzZZzzz 
Finished the paper ! 
Preacher : Why are your lips burned ? Little boy : ' Cause I licked my night light . Preacher : Well , why did you do that ? Little boy : ' Cause I ain't ever done it before . 
In a few more minutes , I return to .... that ... place .... to take my 2nd final and be done with FYE . Also going by the school bookstore to see what they can take back . Last chance to buy or trade . Textbooks for COMM 1110 ( speech ) , FYES , HIST 2112 . Next semester , I have CHEM 1211K , PSYC 1101 , and American gov't . 
is officially done with her first semester of college . Wow , I feel old . 
I shall have a Snow Day album up some time today , I hope . Soo ..... snow and football and homemade chili . What an awesome day . I do not plan on ruining it by excessive studying for finals . 
' s neighbor's house was on fire a little while ago . It didn't burn down , but one part of the house is pretty badly damaged . As far as I know , there were no injuries . 
saw a werewolf ( not Jacob ) , a gypsy , and Rambo ( I think ) on campus today . 
Ugh .... headache . 
English final in about an hour . Bleh . I need coffee . 
My world is closing in on the inside , but I'm not showing it . When all I am is crying out , I hold it in and fake a smile , still I'm broken . I'm broken . Only one can understand and only one can hold the hand of the broken . " No One Else Knows " - Building 429 
definitely slept til noon and awoke to an empty house . I still have no idea how I'm going to occupy myself . I will probably be doing a lot of walking , just ' cause I have nothing else to do . 
I really want to skip English .... 
Thought it would be okay to be a little late to biology lecture . Then I remembered I have a quiz .... ugh . 
Starting tonight , the dog is sleeping in my room indefintely . This should be interesting . 
needs coffee . And some motivation to not put off until tomorrow what I should begin working on tonight it's due Monday and Tuesday . 
is actually going to bed at a decent time . And I have no English class tomorrow . :D 
* cough * * cough * * cough * * cough * * cough * .......... great . 
Ugh , the boredom begins . Going for a walk in a few minutes then I might clean my room . What an exciting life . 
Still needs a good band to listen to . 
might go visit RHS today . Hope they're not too busy reviewing for finals . 
is officially staying up til the darkest hours of the morning to watch .... chick flicks . This is the first of many such nights , I fear . 
Done with Englsih , too ! :D Now to the pit of all things evil ..... FYE . XP But then I will be done with that ! hahahahahahahaha ..... FREEDOM !! 
' s studying is not going as well as she would have hoped .... 
has finally accepted the fact that it is December and , more importantly , that Christmas is 6 days away ( 5 if you count Christmas Eve) !!! 
received her Christmas money from one set of grandparents and went to the mall and spoiled herself for once . 
Just realized that tomorrow begins the last week of classes for the semester !! Of course , that means some major cramming for the finals next week , but oh well . I'm almost free !! 
Did the walls of the barn start to tremble with a glory they could not contain ? Did anyone wake with the feeling of peace that they could not explain ? Oh , the love must have been overwhelming as it warmed everyone in its flow , for all of the world is still telling of two thousand Decembers ago . 
Speech final tomorrow . To review tonight or not to review tonight ....? 
Visited HHS and saw Mrs. Allen and Coach Broom . Also caroled with his third block . That was interesting . Tried to visit RHS , but apparently visitors can only come after school . Whatever . I didn't feel like arguing with the secretary , so RHS will have to wait until some time next semester . 
Staying up late , watching A Christmas Carol . Four more days , no wait , 3 more now !! ( I count Christmas Eve ;) 
Were the sheep as amazed as their shepherds at the new star that lit up the sky ? Did the willow trees whisper excitement to the rivers and streams passing by ? Did the joy ricochet off the mountains ' til filled up the valleys below ? Did all the world sense love abounding two thousand Decembers ago ? 
I lie here paralytic inside this soul . Screaming for You til my throat is numb . I wanna break out ; I need a way out . I don't believe that it's gotta be this way . The worst is the waiting . In this womb , I'm suffocating . Feel Your presence filling up my lungs with oxygen . I take You in . I've died . 
One final today . After that , the tally will be three classes down , two to go . 
YES !! YES !! YES !! GO DAWGS !! YES !! 
Whoops . Wrong thing deleted . Here is it again : Congrats to Rachel for getting her permit ! 
needs to find some more song lyrics to leave as statuses because my life is not interesting enough to comment on . It will be in a couple of days , though ! :D 
NOO ! It can't be December already ! I was just getting used to the fact that it was actually November ! 
Thanks for my Christmas gift , God . I love Him and don't plan on trading Him in for anything ! Merry Christmas everyone ! 
Alright , you knew it was coming : SNOW ?!?! What !? Wait , let me rephrase that .... snow IN RINGGOLD ?!?! And before January/February ?? O_o 
is starting to freak out . 
CSI Trilogy part two !! :D 
3 textbooks for sale for the price of one . That's right ! You get 3 gently used textbooks for the price of a new one ! No bookstore in area offers a deal like this . Not Clements and Christie and certainly not the pit of extortion that is the school bookstore . HIST 2112 , FYE , and/or COMM 1110 textbooks all for a price less than or equal to what you would pay for any one of them separately . Comment for purchasing info . 
Definitely enjoyed all the festivities and food , though I am looking forward to when I can start working out again and burn all the calories .... I hope . Christmas calories seem to have some magical property that enable them to stay around much longer than they are wanted . 
Over the river and through the woods and over a lake and two bridges and up ..... the mountain .... and down the mountain .... and into the woods again ..... and dad are you sure this is the way to nana's ?? 
I’m at war with the world , and they try to pull me into the dark . I struggle to find my faith as I’m slippin’ from your arms . It’s getting harder to stay awake , and my strength is fading fast . You breathe into me at last ... In the dark , I can feel you in my sleep . In your arms , I feel you breathe into me . Forever hold this heart that I will give to you . Forever I will live for you . 
is a little annoyed that she wasted nearly an hour's worth of gas to go back to take a final in 10 minutes . DSCers , this is your last chance to buy or trade textbooks from me . You've got until Thursday , at which point I will sell back to the bookstore(s ) what I can . 
just returned from the annual Carter family Christmas reunion . Love ' em all !! Good food , good presents , good company , great time . Tomorrow holds more of the same . Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night . 
thinks she might have done well on the lab final . I know that I am probably jinxing myself in saying that . Oh , well . Just glad to be done with biology . 
awoke to her dog standing on her head . Then she went exploring and found her house to be devoid of human life , other than herself . 
Last day of ' 09 ! Going to see my good friend Olivia this afternoon , then .... who knows ? 
Okay , has someone sent me a group invitation ?? It keeps appearing and disappearing at will , and I'm starting to get annoyed . 
Did it feel like a night any different than at least a million before ? Was there any rare expectation , like there was some kind of something in store ? Did the sky have to hold back the thunder ? Did the moon find new reasons to glow ? Could the children somehow sense the wonder two thousand Decembers ago ? 
is listening to Rachel pack for a three day adventure with her youth group . 
just returned from an awesome afternoon with Olivia . VT-UTK game in a little while and then saying good bye to 2009 , which was a pretty good year for me . 
Slept in til noon ( again ) , watching football , and trying to clean up Christmas decorations . Good Saturday . 
is starting to freak out over lab final .... AAAHHHHHH !!! O_O 
is ready to kick this lab final's butt !! 
Going to the mall with the gift card I got for Christmas and the parents today . 
Less than an hour until the new year , and already 2010 looks to be .... interesting . I'm going to say this early so that I won't post two statuses in such a short time : Happy New Year everyone !! 
Was anyone able to look at the stable and not see a child but a King ? I wish I could hear back over the years as heaven and nature sing . Heaven and nature sing . Oh , the love must have been overwhelming two thousand Decembers ago . 
Just found out she made the Dean's List !!!! 
If someone has been trying to text me , my phone is out of minutes , and I can't receive or send any texts or calls/voicemails . My only connection to the outside world is facebook or my mom's cell . 
Alright . Grades for first semester of college are FYE , Biology , and History A , Speech and English B . 
* yawn * Sleepy . 8:00 am classes and I cannot be friends . Good day . Good professors . A few ( ok , more than a few ) annoying classmates . Good night . 
Everybody falls sometimes . Gotta find the strength to rise from the ashes and make a new beginning . Anyone can feel the ache . You think its more than you can take , but you are stronger , stronger than you know . Don't you give up now . The sun will soon be shining . You gotta face the clouds to find the silver lining . 
Going to get my textbooks today , provided the bookstore people aren't being their extremely difficult and imcompetent selves . Classes start tomorrow . One more semester and then I never have to see that campus again ( I hope) !! 
I've seen dreams that move the mountains and hope that doesn't ever end , even when the sky is falling . I've seen miracles just happen , silent prayers get answered , broken hearts become brand new . That's what faith can do . 
I had an awesome day . Went with Kelly to Rembrandts and then walked to a few locations in Chattanooga that I am ashamed to say I had never been to , even though I've lived here my whole life . Kinda tired , but had a lot of fun . 
Definitely had one of the best days ever !! Great friends , homemade pizza , Boggle ( which I totally rocked at ;) , Uno ( which completely ruined the color yellow for me ) , and hot chocolate ! Not to mention that I have found Heaven on Earth : McKay's . It is A-maz-ing ! <3 It doesn't take much to make me happy . ^_^ 
It doesn't matter what you've heard , impossible is not a word . It's just a reason for someone not to try . Everybody's scared to death when they decide to take that step out on the water . It'll be alright . Life is so much more than what your eyes are seeing . You will find your way , if you keep believing . 
Up and ready ( I think ) for first day of classes this semester . When I get home , I'm going back to bed . For now , coffee . Lots of coffee . 
I got a 98.5 on the lab final !!! :D :D :D 
Finally got my textbooks . DSC is still the pit of extortion . It snowed ; I got out of the first day of my last class . Football tonight . Right now : coffee . Fourth cup today . 
Had fun hanging out with my good friend Ian today . Currently eating a late dinner and waiting for the game to start . Go Jackets ! 
So my psychology professor was going over the syllabus with us , and when he got to the part about exams and grades and attendance , he said , " I ain't your mama . " I mentally put the word ' chemistry ' in between your and mama before I could stop myself . 
Going to lay in bed in the dark listening to music and relaxing and hoping my dog won't chew on anything in here . 
has spent the past three and a half hours or so with her nose in a book . I'd forgotten how great it is to get lost in the pages of another world . Finishing it up and then bed . 
wishes she could go to WinterJam tonight . :( Oh , well . Maybe next year . 
O-kay . So much for my plans today . Maybe tomorrow . 
Last day of classes !!! Textbooks still for sale . I'm broke and begging . Someone please by those things . Please ? It's a good deal . I promise . Or direct me to someone who will by them . 
C-c-c-col-ol-ldd !!! I'm sleeping in my hoody tonight , and maybe my gloves . Brrr !! * shivering * 
believes she has come to a decision .... 
Happy birthday to Mom !! And I might hang out with my good friend Kelly later this evening ! Good day . Now for coffee .... a lot of coffee , even if I slept til noon . 
plans on having a lazy Sunday afternoon . 
Psyching myself up for a three hour lab today . Whoo . Well , for now I am just people watching while listening to iTunes and hoping I don't get hit with a ping pong ball . 
A job ? Could it be ? A job !! At least through March . 
Just got back from her first real city driving experience ! Call me weird ( my mom already did ) , but I <3 city driving . ^_^ 
I will praise You in this storm , and I will lift my hands , for You are who You are no matter where I am . And every tear I've cried , You hold in Your hand . You've never left my side . And though my heart is torn , I will praise You in this sotrm . 
Merry Christmas Eve , everyone !! 
Today , I'm gonna try a little harder , gonna make every minute last longer , gonna learn to forgive and forget , ' cause we don't have long , gonna make the most of it . Today , I'm gonna love my enemies , reach out to somebody who needs me , make a change , make the world a better place , ' cause tomorrow it could be one day too late . 
Going to take a nap , then workout , then football . <3 Life is good . 
Trying to figure out a summer course schedule . Why won't the classes cooperate ?? 
' s phone is temporarily MIA and has apparently died in the past 24 hours which will make finding it even more of a challenge . So if you call or text me , chances are that I probably won't know about it for a while , if ever . 
Someday , I'm gonna find it , wish I knew what I was looking for inside the disarray . I woke up this morning , don't know where I'm going , but it's alright . I wouldn't have it any other way . 
is about to go watch Changeling . 
COLD !! 
is amused . 
is eating the most amazing piece of fruit ! A blood orange with vivid purple flesh and with a raspberry taste . And yes , my day has been so uneventful that I must gush over a snack . :P 
Chemistry lecture and lab both cancelled because my professor is in the hopsital . Next class late this afternoon . 
O-kay . Four in the morning . Bed time . 
Oh , why do I let myself let go of Hands that painted the stars and hold tears that fall ? And the pride of my heart makes me forget it's not me but You who makes the heart beat . I'm lost without You and dying from me . So tell me , what is our ending ? Will it be beautiful ? Will my life find me by Your side ? Your love is beautiful , so beautiful . 
Chemistry homework . Bleh . 
So two wrecks that caused a 25 minute trip to be an hour and ten minutes long which resulted in two NDEs , one headache , and one missed class later , I am at school . What a morning . I need coffee . 
I'm going to be very annoyed if I have to get up at 5:30 and go to DSC only to find out that my classes are cancelled due to weather . I'm not even sure I can get to my afternoon class . Missing the first day of class is probably not the best way to make a good impression with the professor . :/ 
Independence Bowl . Go Dawgs !! 
Sleepy . Is it really only the 2nd week of school ? * yawn * Good night . 
Beige 
Not sure if I can go ( or want to go ) to my last class today . I think I'm learning more from reading the textbook anyway . 
Probably the only time I'll say this : Roll Tide !! And good night everybody . 
I'm gonna need a chiropractor come December . 
Just realized that she is in a class that she doesn't need !!! >:( Grrr .... Two weeks too late to do anything about it ....... crap . 
Hide me in the shadow of Your wings . 
So technology has decided to hate me this week . Found my phone and now my laptop has a virus . :/ 
The broken clock is a comfort . It helps me sleep tonight . Maybe it can stop tomorrow from stealing all my time . 
What to do , what to do ? It's too cold to play in the snow , and I'm not sure there's that much to play in . :( I could always do my chemistry homework . 
My dad has asked me to ask all of you that pray to send a couple prayers up for my uncle . He has stage 5 liver cancer that has spread to his lymph nodes . He had to have 2/3 of his pancreas , his spleen , and part of his colon removed . He has lived 5 months longer than expected , only by the grace of God . Please remember him . And thanks . 
The grandparents are visiting . I have to try to be friendly fifteen minutes after I woke and before I've had my coffee . Start work later today . 
Mom got a facebook !! Mwahahaha !! I knew we'd get her eventually . >:) 
Lab in about an hour . Mr. Turner : " Be sure to have your gloves and goggles today because you will be handling things that could burn holes in your clothes . " Whoo . 
is exhausted . No idea why . I just want to go back to sleep . 
Cannot focus on anything . Not homework , not TV , not music , not books , not facebook , nothing . Oh , and my speech teacher ripped a hole the seat of his pants before class today . Lol . 
My dog came in my room and bounced on my head and licked my face at 5:30 this morning . Going to be doing some studying today , a lot of textbook reading , maybe a little bit of note taking . Glad to have something to do this semester . 
Not especially interested in the football game at the moment . I really just want to study . That is so weird . Good , but weird . 
So textbook shopping was , in a word , unsuccessful . Hope I don't need any of them tomorrow . I am now going to commemorate my last day of freedom with a few hours of Guitar Hero . :D 
How can you see into my eyes like open doors ? Leading you down into my core where I've become so numb . Without a soul , my spirit sleeping somewhere cold until you find it there and lead it back home . Wake me up inside . Wake me up inside . Call my name and save me from the dark . Bid my blood to run before I come undone . Save me from the nothing I've become . 
feels like an absolute idiot and could really use a nerd right now . The kind that is good at chemistry , not the candy . 
Updating résumé : sixty minutes . Another job application : twenty minutes . Another cup of coffee : five minutes . What I hope is not a colossal waste of time and caffiene : priceless . For anything else , find someone with a life ... or previous work experience . 
Everyone made it out of lab alive this week , although my partner's and my experiment came close to going up in flames ( literally ) and one group dropped theirs as they were going to do a final weigh . Test #2 in about 40 minutes . 
Probably going to end up staying up late to do chemistry homework and look over notes for the two tests I have tomorrow . Bleh . 
is in her room listening to country music and sharpening pencils . What a sad existence . Someone save me from myself , PLEASE !! 
wishes she had time to take a loooonnngg nap before her last class . Maybe I'll go lay down for an hour .... 
Facebook mocks me . 
Your love is extravagant . Your friendship , it is intimate . I feel I'm moving to the rhythm of Your grace . Your fragrance is intoxicating in our secret place . Your love is extravagant . Spread wide in the arms of Christ ; it's the love that covers sin . No greater love have I ever known . You considered me a friend . Capture my heart again . 
OOWWW !! Owowowowowowow !!! Well , that will be a lovely shade of purple when I wake up tomorrow . >_< 
is looking at her chemistry homework and dreading next Thursday's test . :/ Why do I get the feeling that this is going to become a regular thing ? AAAAHHHHH !!! 
is going to ignore the throbbing in her foot , get some coffee , and try to figure out her chemistry notes and homework . Wish me luck . 
Many nights we prayed with no proof anyone could hear . In our hearts , a hopeful song we barely understood . Now we are not afraid , although we know there's much to fear . We were moving mountains long before we knew we could . There can be miracles when you believe . Though hope is frail , it's hard to kill . Who knows what miracles you can achieve when you believe . Somehow you will , you will when you believe . 
' s laptop is all better ! Thanks ( again ) Jim ! 
felt like she was in the college installment of High School Musical . One lone guy playing the piano and singing is approached by three girls who start singing back up for him , all four burst into song , they befriend each other and everything they said could have been written for a movie . 
has listened to every possible rendition of Joy to the World one can play on a piano , the Pirates of the Carribbean theme , America the Beautiful , and one or two old hymns in the past hour . As much as I enjoy music , PLEASE STOP !.... or leave while three more people take your place . :/ 
Good night , world . Here's to a good week . 
Chemistry test tomorrow . Pray , pray , pray . Study , study , study . I have never been this freaked about a test in my life . I don't like it . :( 
struggled through little more than half of chem homework and is putting it away for the night , but she had some great help understanding it . Thanks Ian !! 
Snow day . Good day for cleaning room . 
Just returned from the first day of work . I like my pupil very much , but now I need to figure out a teaching style .... hope she was able to understand and follow me . I need a refresher in math . I did learn that . 
is so sorry she encouraged her sister to get a set of drumsticks . 
Today looks to be a good day . A little shopping , a little studying , maybe a little Friday night football ..... yep , a good day . 
Totally skipped history . Couldn't handle it today . 
So this weekend has been pretty good , despite one of my least favorite holidays . Watched a total of seven movies of varying genres in two days , cleaned my room , went through my clothes to get rid of ones I don't want/can't wear , applied to another college , and did about a third of my extra credit work for psych . 
In this time of fear , when prayer so often proves in vain , hope seems like the summer birds too swiftly flown away . Yet now I'm standing here , my heart's so full I can't explain . Seeking faith and speaking words I never thought I'd say . 
Bed in a few minutes . Test tomorrow and then to RHS for a transcript . Might say hi to a few people if I can . 
-_-' Are you serious ?! Really ? After midnight the day we present ?! Well , at least you got your info to me . 
really wishes she could find some song lyrics to commemorate the annual Singles Awareness Day , but all the ones that might have any relevance seem vengeful , lonely , depressed , nostalgic , etc ., and she doesn't feel like those connotations are applicable to herself . 
This time I wonder what it feels like to find the one in this life , the one we all dream of . But dreams just aren't enough , so I’ll be waiting for the real thing . I’ll know it by the feeling . The moment when we’re meeting will play out like a scene straight off the silver screen . So I’ll be holdin’ my own breath right up to the end , until that moment when I find the one that I'll spend forever with . 
Ok . 401 words . Little over halfway to the minimum requirement . That's good enough for today . I am such a procrastinator . 
Okay , so this weekend there were plenty of distractions that I steadfastly ignored in order to get a lot done . I currently have no distractions to keep me from doing something productive . So why am I not doing anything ?!? 
feels like she should do something constructive today . 
So y'know how it seems my class can't get through a lab without something going wrong . The lab group two stations down and one across from us managed to break their Buchner funnel and water went everywhere . I thought it was just water ... I just found holes that something burned through my shirt . 
Homework , here I come . XP 
was up until 2:30 this morning trying to make sure that the professor doesn't write ' epic fail ' as the group's grade after we present today and is now in the student center waiting for her group to show up some time between now and three o'clock . 
89.5 on the chemistry test !!!!!! 
The highlight of my day was spelling the word ' zenith ' in an intense Scrabble game with my mom . We tied . 
Looking at summer courses . Maybe only two or three . Not sure I want to go full time during the summer . 
New profile pic . What do you think ? 
Waiting for class to start and hoping the test is not today ' cause I definitely didn't study . 
hates all things Orange !! >:( 
Earlier today , a couple of kids were in our yard . They didn't seem to want to burn or draw on anything , so I kept an eye on them and let them be . After about fifteen minutes of wondering around the end of the yard , they tore several leaves off of our magnolia tree and ran off . 
Life has a very cruel sense of humor . Seriously . Do you hear my hysterical laughter ? Bahahahahahaha .....!!! 
You are my strength when I am weak . You are the treasure that I seek . You are my all in all . Seeking you as a precious jewel , Lord , to give up I'd be a fool . You are my all in all . Taking my sin , my cross , my shame . Rising again , I bless your name . You are my all in all . When I fall down you pick me up . When I am dry you fill my cup . You are my all in all . 
So now I understand chemistry !! Unfortunately , my calculator doesn't . 
ACCEPTED TO GEORGIA SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY !!!!!!!!! :) :D ^_^ 
I love the way that your heart breaks with every injustice and deadly fate , praying it all be new and living like it all depends on you . I love that you’re never satisfied with face value wisdom and happy lies . You take what they say and go back and cry . You’re so close to me that you nearly died . 
is using all her nervous energy to get some of her extra credit work done . Spring break next week !! 
Going to look over some notes for tests tomorrow and then bed . Tomorrow is the last day before spring break !! 
Every time I get a new pair of shoes , I take one out of the box , look at it , and think " Are my feet REALLY this big ?? " Then I double check the size on the box and in the new shoe and my old one to make sure they all agree . Then I put the new one on and what a surprise , my feet really are that big ..... sigh . 
is trying her best not to cheer to loudly for UGA , but they have made me pretty happy this evening . I don't think my heart ever truly left them . Please , please , please ..... GO DAWGS !!! 
I think my sister is conspiring against me . First she says , " When are you leaving for college ? I want your room . " Then , while on a walk at the nature trail , my shoes are killing my feet . " Take your shoes off when we get to the side walk . " Her stuff is slowly crawling into my room , and I'm not sure I will be able to walk comfortably for a while , shoes or not . She's evil .... 
Going job hunting in a little while . Oh , please , please , please , let someone have an opening !! 
To Kill a Mockingbird .... Last time I saw this I was in Mrs. Chambers class . :) 
curses printers . 
hates confusion !! 
Waiting to see if professor shows up .... 
There are certain words that we have to spell around my dog because when he recognizes them , it takes a while for him to calm down and realize that we are not talking to him . Unfortunately , he has picked up on this and can now spell . 
Housing payment ..... ouch , ouch , ouch , ouch ! But hopefully worth it ! 
needs to find some more song lyrics ..... 
hates it when a member of the male species decides he has something to prove . Guys , take note : it doesn't make you look strong and dashing . It just makes you look selfish and idiotic . 
is hoping her parents don't get stuck somewhere on their way to get Rachel ' cause I don't have any means of getting to them . :/ 
Let's see how many people on facebook aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ... We need to get God back in America ... If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status . 
When peace like a river attendeth my way , when sorrows like sea billows roll , whatever my lot Thou hast taught me to say " It is well , it is well with my soul . " 
wants to know if she's doing the right thing ..... God , please give me direction . 
Why is it that when you decide to become a doctor or a nurse , your family members feel it is necessary to be your first patients ?? 
I remember when we used to laugh about nothing at all . It was better than going mad from trying to solve all the problems we're going through . Forget ' em all , ‘cause on those nights we would stand and never fall . Together , we faced it all . Remember when we'd stay up late and we'd talk all night in a dark room lit by the TV light . Through all the hard times in my life , those nights kept me alive . 
is done with this semester ! Just finals and then I don't have to see campus until January ! 
Does anybody know of a good , safe , clean place to get ears pierced ?? A jewelry store , perhaps ? 
We found at least one , probably two , students that look like Charles Manson . We were also treated to the harmonious sounds of a deflated accordian and unbelievably poor pinao playing during lunch . 
wants to go on another walk and enjoy this amazingly gorgeous day ! 
doesn't think she's going to finish her chemistry homework . It's the end of spring break . I'm allowed to be rebellious . 
I walked across an empty land . I knew the pathway like the back of my hand . I felt the earth beneath my feet , sat by the river , and it made me complete . I came across a fallen tree . I felt the branches of it looking at me . Is this the place we used to love ? Is this the place that I've been dreaming of ? -Keane " Somewhere Only We Know " 
is staying up late and typing out sentences of rudimentary Spanish to ensure that her little sister passes a project . She had better thank me for this !!! 
So let me get this straight , say now you loved me all along . What made you hesitate to tell me with words what you really feel ? I can see it in your eyes , you mean all of what you say . I remember so along ago , see I felt that same way . Now we both have separate lives and lovers . Insignificantly enough , we both have significant others . Only time will tell . Time will turn and tell . -Anberlin " A Day Late " 
Lab let out pretty early and I think this is the first week that nothing has gone wrong !! I have about two hours to kill before my last class and I'll be lucky if my laptop lives through the next 45 minutes . :/ 
hopes there is time for a brief nap during this break between classes . I'm tired . 
Ack ! Quick poll . How many of you think I should I take an unpaid internship for a couple of months ?? Just like this if yes and feel free to comment . 
is watching Forrest Gump for the fifth or sixth ... or seventh ... time this week . Spring Break !!!! And chemistry homework !!!! Bleh !!!! 
just realized that for the past two days she has walked upright on campus , no longer weighed down with textbooks . It's an odd feeling .... 
just got back from the reunion of the XA ? youth !! So much fun !! It was great to see everyone ( that came ;) Can't wait for the next one ( hint hint ) XD 
is going to skim a few chapters in the textbook while listening to Pandora and then go to bed . 
Do you collect the souls you've lost in the top of your dresser drawer ? Count the number of tears displaced on lonely bedroom floors . A machine where your heart once was slowly takes the place of you . Only hold the memories now of a love I thought I knew . 
has an interview next Wednesday for the internship . :D 
is thinking about eating one of the large pink grapefruits while watching Criminal Minds before resuming the reading of approximately 300 more pages on sixty years of US history . 
needs something to do besides ruin her eyes by staring at the computer screen . 
really , really , really wants to know her how she did on the finals and in the classes overall !!! 
Enjoyed waking up to a thunderstorm this morning . :) It feels like spring . 
has found the best way to get herself committed to an asylum : chemistry homework on spring break . 0_o 
Unaware of my fears , unaware of my shame . Nothing else matters here , but glorifying Your name . Unaware of everything , knowing You're aware of me . I'm aware I'm in a place I couldn't be if You weren't there to call my name and rescue me . I'm unaware that I ... still ... breathe . Unaware of everything , knowing You're aware of me . 
is skipping her last two classes . Too tired to care about the repercusions at the moment . 
Waaayyy overslept and will miss my first class . :/ 
is done with Biology , English , and FYES !! Now , DSCers , I have the BIO 1107K & 1108K lab manual , the FYES textbook , HIST 2112 textbook , and the COMM 1110 ( speech ) textbook . I will sell them for $40-$45 each , which is a much better deal than you will get at the school bookstore or Clements and Christie . I am willing to negotiate price of the lab manual , but I will not sell it for any less than $35 . 
just saw The Silence of the Lambs for the first time . Awesome movie ! And now on to something just as intense .... chem homework . 
And so begins the eternal day ..... 
really wishes it wasn't so cold out . I really want to go for a walk . :( 
is very , very happy she was able to fix herself some coffee without incident this morning . Yesterday , I drenched myself and everything in my kitchen with one hot cup . On my next try , half of the cream went straight onto the counter . I will now see if my good luck continues .... 
' s dad is sending her out into the cold . What did I do to deserve such punishment ?? 
I am sooo tempted to see if I can find a place to nap , but I'm afraid my stuff will get stolen . I guess the next best thing to a nap is chem homework and coffee .... and music . 
Once again , my evening will be spent reading . Enjoying the last few nights of freedom . Kinda glad classes start this week so that I will have something to do besides eating , sleeping , and facebooking . 
I love how non-drowsy really means " This is going to put you to sleep in ten minutes " or " You are going to be in a happy but oblivious daze for the next twenty four hours . " The second one generally happens to me , so I've been in a great mood all day . 
New episode of Criminal Minds !! 
is so confused and frustrated and has only had one cup of coffee . DO NOT MESS WITH ME !! Ugh ! 
feels better than she did yesterday and hopes to see some snow . 
So I actually feel alright about the chem test Thursday . Going to use my monstrous six hour break to do something productive . 
Well , I accomplished my goal and did something constructive .... it wasn't much , but I did do something . I've also watched four movies , been on here for a while , and ingested more caffeine than I probably needed to . Hehehehe XD 
is really liking the warmer weather . Going to take a walk and enjoy it while it's here . 
Brooke : At what temperature did she say proteins start to denature ? Me : Around 105 , I think . Me : I don't know why , but I'm looking forward to English . Brooke : * pauses * How high has your temperature been today ? 
wants to know why she woke up at 7:45 this morning . XP 
Eh ... 
Work in a few minutes . Whoo . Hope I wake up before then . 
Work in a little over an hour . Soo ... yeah . There is my life-altering status update . Text me if you want to say hi . :) 
Phone is indefinitely out of minutes . Talk to me here if you need me . 
We could ride all night to the pace of a blinking light , wishing traffic was faster , keeping safe distance but courting disaster . We could dance all night to the sounds of a starting fight , hoping change would come around . Amazing division , how sweet the sound . 
POLS 1101 ( American Gov't ) textbook MAY be sold . Got one left : PSYCH 1101 ( Introduction to Psychology ) textbook . Selling it for $50-55 . If you need it or know someone who needs it , let me know ASAP . After next Tuesday , I'm selling it back to the bookstore . 
Would you dare ? Would you dare to believe that you still have a reason to sing ? ' Cause the pain that you've been feeling can't compare to the joy that's coming . So hold on . You gotta wait for the light . Press on and just fight the good fight . It's the hurt before the healing . Oh , the pain that you've been feeling is just the dark before the morning . 
got the internship !! 
And this is my prayer in the battle when triumph is still on its way : I am conqueror and co-heir with Christ , so firm on His promise I'll stand . 
Why am I still up ?? 
Umm .... status update . So ... yeah , here ya go . 
Oh , hey look , I'm bleeding . Um ... I should probably go find a band aid ... 
Coffee now . Interview in a about three hours . Kinda nervous , kinda excited . 
Totally just hit herself in the eye with an earphone ... owowowow !! ;| 
Start work Monday at 3:30 !! 
Anyone interested in buying a Psych 1101 ( Intro Psych ) textbook or an Pols 1101 ( American Government ) textbook , let me know . If you need a specific edition , make sure it's the one I'm selling . Chem 1211K textbook is sold . 
How do ( important ) things just know to break when you have virtually no money to get them repaired ?? 
Going to read over the notes again and then go see if a pool table is free . Anyone around campus is welcome to join me . :) 
Eh ... fine , why not ? Like the status , I'll tell you like , dislike , etc . 
Does anybody want to do anything today ? Go for a walk , anything ? I need to get out of the house like NOW . 
Going to work on the intership ... sigh . Please help me out and take that survey if you haven't . I need more poll results . If you won't take that , will you tell people who will ? Please . I'm running out of options and time on this . 
wants to know if it is THAT obvious that I am single . I was at Wal-Mart today and on my way to check out , I passed an older couple talking to a guy that works there . The lady stops me and says , " Isn't he the most beautiful boy ? My grandson . " Me : o_0 " Uhh .... " * polite smile , then run away * ( He may have been good looking , but I could only see the back of his head :) 
TWO interviews in one week ??! Whaaat ??! Oh , please , merciful God of employment , let this end well . :D 
McKay's . Need I say more ? <3 
Some see a prisoner alone before his judge with no one to defend him . Some see a victim beaten and abused with all the world against him . Some see a martyr carrying his cross for what he believes . Some see a hero who set his people free . But I see love . I see love , light of Heaven breaking through . I see grace . I see God's face shining pure and perfect love when I see You . 
Happy Independence Day ! ^_^ 
Why do I always want junk food after work ?? 
" The best thing about dreams is that fleeting moment , when you are between asleep and awake , when you don't know the difference between reality and fantasy , when just for that one moment you feel with your entire soul that the dream is reality , and it really happened . " -- Unknown 
Second interview in a couple of hours . 
Going to take back some applications today . Interview Wednesday . Nervous .... 
has decided that she looks like the stereotypical college bum . 
is in a dress .... not sure what to think of this . :/ 
So very happy . :D 
POLS 1101 ( American Gov't ) textbook MAY be sold . Got one left : PSYCH 1101 ( Introduction to Psychology ) textbook . Selling it for $50-55 . If you need it or know someone who needs it , let me know ASAP . After next Tuesday , I'm selling it back to the bookstore . 
Some see a teacher standing on a hill speaking words of wisdom . Some see a healer reaching out his hand to give sight to a blind man . Some see a dreamer wasting his life on what can never be . Some see a fool dying for his dream . But I see love . I see love , light of Heaven breaking through . I see grace . I see God's face shining pure and perfect love when I see You . 
Caffiene . :D Actually , in a few minutes it will be O_O Whoo !! I'm glad I go into work late tomorrow . 
has decided to take a break from facebook , aside from posting surverys that are a part of my internship and/or any major life changing events . If you need me , you have my number(s ) and/or my email . 
Quantum mechanics .... 
I found the pieces in my hand . They were always there ; it just took some time for me to understand . You gave me words I just can't say , so if nothing else , I'll just hold on while you drift away . ‘Cause everything you wanted me to hide is everything that makes me feel alive . - Vertical Horizon “I’m Still Here” 
Stop focusing on the destination point . Enjoy the journey . 
just finished putting up the tree :) Tomorrow marks the beginning of the four day grind to finish the research paper . XP 
Thinking of the week ahead already makes me tired . And I want Zaxby's . 
Starting work tomorrow !! Kinda excited , kinda nervous . Eek ! 
should probably look at the chem homework before I go to work .... bleh . 
Two falls , one cut , one burn , and a rush on the first day . Whoo ! Oh , and then I dumped water on myself when I got home . But I actually had fun , worked with and learned from some pretty awesome people , and hope that I pick up on things quickly . 
I have seen the many faces of fear and of pain . I have watched the tears fall plenty from heartache and strain . So if life's journey has you weary and afraid , there's rest in the shadow of His wings . 
First day went really well . Heh ... the only class I had was canceled . I was surprised by the number of friends I saw but pleasantly so . Sleep would be nice , but I must leave for work in about an hour . -__- * sigh * Someone text me to keep me awake . 
Thunderstorm . :) 
I both love and hate it when I get stories that insist on writing themselves without letting me know what's going on ;) 
Hold on to the world we all remember fighting for ; there's some strength left in us yet . Hold on to the world we all remember dying for ; there's some hope left in it yet . And sing . Sing . Arise . Arise and be all that you dreamed , all that you dreamed . 
Kinda tired . Hoping for a good night at work . 
Doing chemistry homework at midnight . <3 college ..... :/ 
There are two guys in the student so desperate to play ping pong that they have pushed two tables together as a make-shift ping pong table to play on . 
I need some shelter . I need some safety . Photographs , they haunt me lately . Chasing shadows as the evening takes me , I'm still searching , but the picture's fading .... 
Going for a walk . Text me if you need me or want to say hi . 
So I went to all the trouble of going somewhere I could work on my paper only to leave my paper and notebook and textbook at home . >:( 
sucks at chemistry . 
Deadliest Catch Season 6 !!!!!! 
Got an A on psychology test ! Didn't do so well on chemistry test ! 
has found her new favorite band . <3 
loves how when you're tired , EVERYTHING that you were NOT thinking about starts racing through your mind . One day , I'm going to drive myself to insanity ; I know it . 
I have decided to end my fb hiatus not because I can't live without it , but because my life is no more productive than it was before .... which is sad . In other news , test today and 2 more within the week . Interview tomorrow ( this one actually sounds promising . ) How is everyone ? 
Bitterness has plagued my heart many times before . My life has been like broken glass , and I have kept the score of all my shattered dreams . And though it seemed that I was far too gone , my brokeness helped me to see it's grace I'm standing on . I will stumble . I will fall down . But I will not be moved . I will make mistakes . I will face heartache . But I will not be moved . 
So tired . Can't wait for summer , but absolutely dreading the chemistry final . :/ 
Thank You , God !!!!!! 
So today in one of my 6 week courses , there was a test . Totally did not know . Looked at the test sheet SURPRISE !! Mid term . Got an 88 . Not bad considering I found out about it literally two minutes before I took it . 
is so glad to have a short shift today . 
Alien : " You wanna buy a deathstick ? " Obi-Wan Kenobi : " You don't want to sell me deathsticks . " Alien : " I don't want to sell you deathsticks . " Obi-Wan : " You want to go home and rethink your life . " Alien : " I want to go home and rethink my life . " 
But when they looked up , they saw that the stone had been rolled away .... And entering the tomb , they saw a young man clothed in a long white robe sitting on the right side ; and they were alarmed . He said to them , " Do not be alarmed . You seek Jesus of Nazareth , who was crucified . He is risen ! He is not here ... " -Mark 16:4 -6 
Happy 25th anniversary to the parents !! :D 
is sad that her literature book contains only two works of Edgar Allan Poe . I need to make a trip to the library soon . 
So we sing a lullaby to the lonely hearts tonight . Let it set your heart on fire . Let it set you free . When you're fighting to believe in a love that you can't see , just know that there is a purpose for those who wait . The pressure makes us stronger . The struggle makes us hunger . The hard lessons make the difference , and the difference makes it worth it . 
With Your last breath , I see love . In Your death , I see love . I see peace in the eyes of a King . I see hope in Your suffering . I see a calm in the center of a storm . I see a Savior . I see love . I see love , light of Heaven breaking through . I see grace . I see God's face shining pure and perfect love when I see You . 
is trying to channel her inner overachiever . Oohm , do my homework . Oohm , copy the notes . Oohm , this isn't working . 
How many of you really know all the people on your friends list ? I mean , personally know . Here's a task : I want all the people on my list to post how they met me ( if you can remember .. LOL ) . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed how interesting this really can be . 
seriously cannot wait to see friendly faces tomorrow . 
I'm not sure which depresses me more : Watching Braveheart and then Gladiator or having to do chemistry homework . 
Worked ( a project , not my job ) from 8pm last night to about 8am this morning . Have had less than three hours of sleep since 8am . Going to try for another three hours . Good night . 
Finally got more time on the phone . However , if I don't answer anything sent tonight , it will be because I'll be at work . 
Two more days of classes !! Yay ! And then finals !! Um ... 
* sigh * I suppose I should study some time tonight . 
Doesn't look like I'm gonna see Third Day after all . :'( 
Sitting closer than my pain , He knew each tear before it came . Soon He will perforate the fabric of the peaceful by and by . Sorrow lasts through this night . I'll take this piece of you and hope for all eternity . For just one second I felt whole , as you flew right through me and up into the stars . Joy will come ! 
hopes to live through the next eight days . 
I need a sign to let me know you're here . All of these lines are being crossed over the atmosphere . I need to know that things are gonna look up ' cause I feel us drowning in a sea spilled from a cup . 
is officially done with psychology ! Next up , five hours of studying for American Government final at 3:30 . 
I'm so tired that I can't stand . But I know that time will heal this heart . WIth every door that's slamming shut , a new one's there to lead me where You are . I will hold on to this hope that I have . You gave me a promise . You gave me Your promise . I'll push through this moment . I'll never give up . You gave me a promise . You gave me Your promise . 
Failure is always an option ! 
is not in the best of moods . Going to try to relax and calm down before going to bed . Heh . 
Congrats to all the Sen10rs !! Can't wait to see y'all tonight ! 
Finally out of lab , no thanks to my lab partner . >:( Really don't want to go to my next class . Reeaaalllyyy don't want to go to my next class .... I'm not going to my next class . I'll copy notes and read the book and eat my pretzels . 
So technically , tomorrow will be the fourth first day of a semester that I will miss due to circumstances beyond my control . ^_^ Perhaps I should start skipping first days altogether .... 
cannot wait for this week to be over ! Last day of classes tomorrow ! 
Two things just hit me . One : I have just finished my first year of college !! What !?? Two : I have to study for two finals and do chemistry homework . 
is about to enter a life or death battle with the largest spider that has ever been in her room .... wish me luck . 
Alis aquilae 
has no clue where she is . So tired . I also apparently can't respond to anyone unless they are speaking Spanish ..... curious . 
hopes that she can wake up before going to work . I don't want to burn myself for a third time in under two weeks ! 
Please , please , please pray that I do well on or at the very least PASS the chemistry final tomorrow . I am not looking forward to it . At all . Really . 
has had a pretty awesome day . :) 
CONGRATS again to all the seniors !! To all of you I couldn't find in the crowd , * hug * . To all of my former teachers , LOVE AND MISS YOU !! 
Take my hand ; I give it to You . Now You own me , all I am . You said You would never leave me . I believe You . I believe . I can feel You all around me , thickening the air I'm breathing , holding on to what I'm feeling , savoring this heart that's healed . 
Trying to learn chemistry is hard . Trying to teach chemistry is harder . >_< 
So you sing a lullaby to the lonely hearts tonight . Let it set your heart on fire . Let it set you free . When you're fighting to believe in a love that you can't see , just know there is a purpose for those who wait . 
is wondering which foot she should shoot herself in . ( 1 . Not literally , and 2 . I know it's grammatically incorrect . :P ) 
is very tired . Uncontrollable laughter is setting in . I need sleep . Soon . 
My hands float up above me . And You whisper You love me . And I begin to fade into our secret place . The music makes me sway . The angels singing say " We are alone with You . " I am alone and they are , too , with You . 
Unwinding . Coffee at midnight is probably not one of my better ideas , but whatever helps .... :P 
All of my life , in every season , You are still God . I have a reason to sing . I have a reason to worship . 
POLS 1101 ( American Gov't ) textbook MAY be sold . Got one left : PSYCH 1101 ( Introduction to Psychology ) textbook . Selling it for $50-55 . If you need it or know someone who needs it , let me know ASAP . After next Tuesday , I'm selling it back to the bookstore . 
* sigh * Well , that was slightly disappointing . 
wanted to accomplish something today and decided to clean her room . Um ... Star Wars marathon , Facebook , MLIA , and belated birthday celebrations pretty much ruined her plans . :D 
had so much fun skating tonight ! Gonna be so sore tomorrow , but it was worth it :) 
is going to curl up with a nice thick book . :) 
needs to go to bed but wants to stay up and write . Decisions , decisions .... 
Random nosebleed .... wonderful . 
Al-right . In under 30 seconds , DSC went from dry and cloudy to monsoon season . 
had forgotten how wonderful it is to slip into the pages of another world . 
got to see the grandparents for the first time since Christmas . :) 
' s birthday was made awesome by getting to see one of her best friends at 1890's Day and then coming to home to a surprise gift from the parents . :D Thanks again for all the birthday wishes , y'all! 
Sometimes I feel so cold , like I'm waiting around all by myself . Loneliness gets so old . I'm in the lost and found , sitting on a shelf . Been fighting way too long . I hear Your voice . You're who I'm counting on . Oh , tell me You're here , that You will watch over me forever . Oh , take hold of my heart , show me You'll love me forver . 
Waiting for the teacher to show up so we can take the final . :/ 
Stayed up til 4 this morning to watch Episode VI . Sleep deprivation ? Totally worth it ..... of course , this means loading up on caffeine and sugar before work tonight . 
Here comes chaos ! -Adam Savage , Mythbusters 
I have a government , POLS 1101 , textbook that MAY be sold . I have a psychology , PSYCH 1101 , textbook that I am still looking to sell . If you are interested or know someone who may be interested , let me know NOW . After tomorrow , I am selling both back to the book store . 
With all its sham , drudgery , and broken dreams , it is still a beautiful world . 
Seven books , two best friends , some new music , and a lot of coffee make for an awesome day . :) And now , sleep . 
has murdered her GPA . 
NEW PHONE !! <3 Now I will spend a few hours on the internship . But I am out of school for the summer ! 
Strengthen your arms now ; train your fingers for battle . Urgency's here now ; train your fingers for battle . Fighting this violence with your feet wrapped in peace . Sad tears and silence now screams of joy : Victory ! 
The spider that managed to walk away from an epic battle with me returned ! It was staring at me from the battlefield where we first met , taunting my fear , daring me to meet it head on . I vowed to feel no sympathy for the creature who had one or two maimed legs . I struck swiftly . Against all odds , it escaped again . This means war . 
I love how Pandora knows that this is the perfect day for slightly melancholic music . 
My hands are searching for You . My arms are outstretched towards You . I feel You on my fingertips . My tongue dances behind my lips for You . 
Getting ready for the continued training of my padawan ;) 
You are a child of the universe , 
no less than the trees and the stars ; 
you have a right to be here . 
And whether or not it is clear to you , 
no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should . 
Okay , friendlies , I am putting together a resume for a shadowing position and I need some people to critique it . Volunteers ? 
I don't think I'm meant to get through this job without singeing off my left arm . 
is trying to figure out how to get her phone back without actually having to get completely under her bed ..... hmmm .... 
Even when your heart's been broken , He'll be there with arms wide open . Be strong , and His love will lead you to fight another day . 
is wondering if she should comment on her horrific day and risk jinxing herself .... 
Up side : I had a blast tonight with two really awesome people :) Down side : I still huurrrrtt . 
There's only artificial light here . My flaws hide well here . I used to be afraid of cluttered noises . Now , I'm afraid of silence . Fill this space , idle words . I'm scared to death of light and silence . Jesus , kill me inside this . Raise me up to live again like You did . Like You did . -Flyleaf , " In the Dark " 
This is my prayer in the desert when all that's within me feels dry , and this is my prayer in my hunger and need : My God is the God who provides . 
Utter chaos ! :/ 
I could really use a friend right now .... 
hates how absent-minded she gets when she's tired . She almost walked into her closed bedroom door , thinking it was open and the light was just off . She also seems to have lost the ability to express herself in first person . 
That was just weird ... O.o 
may be knocked down but not out forever . 
Ever had one of those this-only-happens-to-me moments ? I took out the first of my ear piercing studs without a problem , but the second one was really stuck . So I went to mom . When she couldn't get it out , I went to dad . It took the two of us ten minutes to get it out . Owowow ! 
just looked at her schedule for fall semester and would like to know what in the name of all things sacred possessed her schedule AN 8 AM CHEMISTRY LAB ??!!? 
cannot believe she VOLUNTEERED to get up ridiculously early tomorrow and mow the yard . 
The most exciting thing that's going on in my life is that I can finally remove the ear piercing studs tonight . That's sad . 
I MIGHT have one more extra armband for Riverbend's Faith and Family night . If I don't , they only cost $5 that night . I still want to go in a small group ( at least 4 ) with 1-2 guy(s ) , if possible . If you are interested , let me know . 
Why do I always burn ONLY my left hand or arm ? 
My phone is on the blink yet again . No minutes , no calls , no texts . Use facebook for communication . * sigh * I don't like this anymore than you . 
Wish me luck . Good luck . Wish me good luck . Please . 
Friends of mine that wanted to go to Riverbend tomorrow night as a group : I have no car . I will need a ride . The only other confirmed friend I have also has no car and was going to ride with me before life took away the car I drive . Please , contact me so we can get something worked out . If anyone wants to join this escapade , feel free , but let me know ASAP . :) 
When all I had was school , I had no status updates . When all I have is work , I have no status updates . So all I can do in posting this piece of nothingness is waste your time and my energy . Ah well , at least I have momentarily entertained myself . 
Grrrrr ....!! 
I will be nice . I will be nice . I will be nice ..... being nice is no fun . :P 
Alright . I've got at least one , MAYBE two , extra armbands for Riverbend's Faith and Family night at my disposal . I want to go , but I want to go in a small group with at least 1-2 guy(s ) . If anyone's interested , let me know ! And if the armbands are taken before you contact me , they are only $5 on that night . 
So tired . But it has been a good day . :) 
Going to the track for a little while if anyone cares to join me . 
Friends of mine that wanted to go to Riverbend 
tomorrow night as a group : I have no car . I will need a ride . The only 
other confirmed friend I have also has no car and was going to ride with 
me before life took away the car I drive . Please , contact me so we can 
get something worked out . If anyone wants to join this escapade , feel 
free , but let me know ASAP . :) 
You are weathered and worn , your petals soft and torn , the fading color . You have bent your shoulders to hold the weight of the world . You will surely shatter . Run where you'll be safe - through the garden gates to the shelter of magnolias . There's not much time . The blush in the sky begins to fade . 
Grrrrrrr ......!!! 
Do you feel the fire when the flame gets hot ? Are you living every day like it's the last you got ? Will you step aside when it all falls down and watch it burn away ? Have a little faith when the walls cave in . Pray for strength to fly against the wind . Will you walk away when the fire gets hot or fight another day ? 
* rolls eyes * 
Shift started out on a bad note and ended on a bad note . :/ 
Gonna go read for a bit . 
True friendship is sitting in a friend's room eating Zaxby's at 10pm , then staying up until 4:30 am cleaning , prepping , and priming said room for painting until parts of you are white enough so as to be indistinguishable from the abominable snowman , then staring down your day with less than five hours of sleep and being perfectly fine with that . :) 
My phone's been acting weird for the past couple of days , so if anyone called or texted and I haven't replied , it's because I haven't received it . I promise I'm not ignoring you . :) 
This is my prayer in the harvest when favor and providence flow : I know I'm filled to be emptied again ; the seed I've received I will sow . :) 
Friends of mine that 
wanted to go to Riverbend tonight as a group : I have no car . I 
will need a ride . The only other confirmed friend I have also has 
no car and was going to ride with me before life took away the car I 
drive . Please , contact me so we can get something worked out . If 
anyone wants to join this escapade , feel free , but let me know ASAP . 
:) 
This is my prayer in the fire , in weakness or trial or pain : There is a faith proved of more worth than gold , so refine me , Lord , through the flames . 
Beautiful bride , body of Christ . One flesh abiding , strong and unifying . Fighting ends in forgiveness . United fight all division . Beautiful bride . We're not gonna fall and forget how You went to pick us up . If one part's hurt , the whole body's sick . If one part mourns , we all mourn with Him . Rejoice and we'll sing with you : Hallelujah , hallelujah , hallelujah , hallelujah . -Flyleaf , " Beautiful Bride . " 
:O This has been the craziest day !! Like .... whaaaat ???! @_@ 
Is this the end of a moment or just a beautiful unfolding of a love that will never be or maybe be everything that I never thought could happen ... and I wonder if maybe I could be all that you ever dreamed ? ' Cause you are beautiful inside , so lovely , and I can't see why I'd do anything without you . And when I'm not with you , I know that I'd rather be anywhere but here without you . - SafetySuit 
Okay , let's see if I can do this correctly this time : Got a call from Georgia Southern about the orientation I am currently missing . It also served as a reminder that I am not going to be there until fall 2011 . I am sad . :'( 
Got to see two of my very favorite people in the world today . :D 
really wants to go do something after work . Text me if you're interested ! 
Tired . Work was crazy . Going to bed in a few . Got a morning shift tomorrow . 
There are no words to describe tonight's shift . And I mean that in the all-I-can-do-is-laugh kind of way . 
I don't want to care , and I don't want to hate , and I don't want to see you fall too far away all because of fear . ' Cause when you're afraid , you lash out at me . You say all the things you never meant to say and try to break me . But in the end what leaves you broken makes you better .... There is no strength in trying to break me . -Plumb , " Better " 
feels better now that her room is clean ... er . : ) I need bigger bookshelves and a few boxes ... hm ... * heads off to raid the garage * 
Why do all the biggest insects feel that MY room is the best place to dwell ?!? 
Twice today I have sat in my AC-less car for at least ten minutes waiting for the pilot car to guide us through a one-laned Poplar Springs road . I hate the necessary evil of construction work . >_< 
FYI : I am completely out of minutes . If you text/call me on my cell between now and my next paycheck , I will not get it . I'm not ignoring you , I promise . Just message me here if you need me . 
Not in the best of moods . Kinda wanting to be alone . 
My phone is currently out of minutes , so if you sent me a text or left a voice mail , I'm not going to answer any time soon , as much as I would like to . So message/chat with me on here or call/text my mom's cell if you need me . 
\\\(@~@')/// ( frantically waving arms ) 
Me : Did I hear a vehicle ? Rachel : I don't know . Are they ( the parents ) in the driveway ? Me : * looks outside for several seconds * No . Rachel : Give me your phone . I want to call them and see where they are . * calls * Parents : We're in the driveway . Me : O_o I promise you they weren't two seconds ago ! 
Coldplay and coffee at midnight makes life better . :) 
really wants to do something constructive to get rid of all this nervous energy .... hm .... 
It is 85 ? in my house . 
Dear customer : If I tell you I can't do something , looking at me like I'm a piece of white trash and arguing will not give me the ability nor the desire to break procedure . 
Mom : Did you get the laundry out of the dryer ? Dad : I think so . ( to me ) Will you go look for Mom ? Me : * points at Momma * I found her ! Dad : -__-' 
had a dream last night that one of her friends told her to ask off the 14th . I am not scheduled to work that day , so , my dear telepath , be happy . ( Of course , I * also * dreamed that I was on the run from a psychotic college professor , so ... ) 
Remember my family in your thoughts and prayers , my friends . Thanks , love y'all . 
When everything falls apart , You arms hold me together . When everything falls apart , You're the only hope for this heart . When everything falls apart , and my strength is gone , I find You mighty and strong . You keep holding on . 

Sorrow will last through the night , but hope is rising with the sun . There will be storms in this life , but I know that You will overcome . You have overcome . 
Like this status and I’ll tell you : 1 . Something I’ve learned about you by looking at your wall . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I’ve always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 
The phone is again out o ' minutes . Sorry . :/ Talk to me here if you so desire . 
It felt good to finally be able to work out again . :) 
Me : ( window down , to the truck that is backing into my line of sight ) That's right . Please back up so I can't see traffic . Rachel : Um , Sarah ? Be nice . Their window's down . They can hear you . Me : ( thinking ) ... and that's a bad thing ?? 
OW !! I really hope that toe isn't necessary .... oww ...! 
Can't wait to go camping this weekend ! Bret Wooten Mitchell Wooten :) 
is glad to have seen relatives she hasn't in years ( and to have enjoyed an awesome lunch they made ) , but wonders why the first question they all ask is " So you gotta boyfriend yet ? " -____-' 
is going to miss all the best football tonight ' cause of work !! Noo !! Someone text me score updates , please !! 
Spent an awesome and eye opening afternoon with one of the loveliest people I know . 
Everybody's leaving this week !! : '' ( I do not like this . At all . </3 Be careful and God bless all of you ! 
Be yourself . 
Especially , do not feign affection . 
Neither be cynical about love ; 
for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment , 
it is as perennial as the grass . 
I cannot believe that it is August already and that I will begin my second year of college in just over two weeks . 
Do you feel the fire when the flame gets hot ? Are you living every day like it's the last you've got ? Will you step aside when it all falls down and watch it burn away ? Have a little faith when the walls cave in . Pray for strength to fly against the wind . Will you walk away when the fire gets hot or fight another day ? Keep your head to the sun ' cause it's shining on you . 
In class essay today . Blech . Wish me luck or the ability to make a lot of fluff sound really good ;) 
..... * sigh * ..... 
actually gets to go to service this morning . :D 
has had a day full of junk food . I will regret that tomorrow , but I'm okay with it right now . ;) 
has returned ! And I would like to say that the Creation Museum is one of the most inspiring place that I have ever been ! It really gives you a sense of appreciation and gratitude and joy that God is who He is and that who He is loves what we are :) Had a blast with the college group and can't wait to see y'all again . Love ya ! 
Thinking about adding another class but I just don't know .... 
Chemistry is sucking away my will to live . 
So on my way home , I stopped at a stop sign and caught myself waiting for it to turn green .... 
School starts tomorrow . Already really missing people . :/ You had better come see me because I can't come see you !! 
Most entertaining part of the night : Drew and the unicycle . Scariest part of the night : thinking " Oh , crap , did I just lock myself in the freezer ?!!? " 
So many decisions !! Alright , who stole my happy place ?? 
Okay , I am out of minutes and for some reason , I am unable to put more on the phone . I cannot send/receive any calls , voice mails , pictures , texts , etc . until further notice . * extreme dislike * >:( 
Church was packed today ! Numerous chairs pulled out and still people were standing . Baptisms started at noon and were still going strong at 12:30 when we had to go ! " Our God is greater , stronger , higher than any other , healer , awesome in power ! And if He is for us , then who could ever stop us ? And if He is with us , then what could stand against ? " :D 
I'm not on campus two minutes before I run into our mascot ... almost literally . Now I must know who he is ... 
I thought growing up and having the freedom to make my own decisions would be great .... oh , silly , silly , naive little me . >_< 
is going camping this weekend ! If you need me or just want to say hi , text or call , ' kay ? Oh , and when the schedule is made , would someone from work tell me if/when I have to work Monday ? 
Homework , 11pm . Shower , 12am . Lab , 8:00 am . Lecture , 10:50 am . Sleep ? Bahahahaha ... don't make me laugh . 
and Rachel Carter got lost in Narnia for about three hours . We fail . Epically . Next time , I'm writing " For Aslan ! " on the car's hood to see if it helps . 
Reading Edgar Allan Poe short stories :) 
There is someone with talent playing the piano in the student center . I honestly did not think anyone capable of playing well went to this school . 
What the heck !? It's only 8:30 ???! 
And right about now is when the panic sets in .... 
Alright , all those who wanted to hang out with me before school started , I'm only off Friday and Saturday this week . I already have some plans for Saturday . I start classes next week . Let me know when and where you want to do something :) 
I have come to the conclusion that I live in the Twilight Zone . Memories are disappearing and my sister can read my mind . 
wishes she could make up her mind . 
Homework . Work out . Work . Do I see a common theme ? 
I got a B !! I got a B !! I got a B !! I got a B !! I got a B !! I got a ... etc , etc . I can keep HOPE !! 
does not know what to do with herself . This is the first day in a while I don't have to worry about school or work ! * like * ..... Imma get more coffee :) 
needs a four page paper by 1:40 this afternoon . Is it gonna happen ? I'm gonna say ... no . 
Today was just a very good day ! :D 
is in a great mood for writing : cranky and sleep deprived . Now all I need is the concentration needed for a complete literary analysis of an Edgar Allan Poe short story and the skill to write a four page paper about it . 
ERRRGH !!!! 
OMYGOSH !!! Dad starts his job with the VW supplier NEXT MONDAY MORNING !!!!!!! :DDDDD Thank You , God !!! 
IT'S SHINY AND I WANT IT !!! 
Is there anyone that can trade my 5-close tonight for a Wednesday night or Thursday night or any shift Saturday ? Please text me if you can . April , Dillon , Jess D , and Jay all have my number if you don't . 
What can take a dying man and raise him up to life again ? What can heal a wounded soul ? What can make us white as snow ? What can fill the emptiness ? What can mend our brokenness ? What restores our faith in God ? What reveals the Father's love ? What can lead the wayward home ? What can melt a heart of stone ? What can free the guilty ones ? What can save and overcome ? 
Mighty is the power of the cross . 
Can anyone from work take my 12-4 tomorrow ? 
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug . ~ Mark Twain 
I want my textbook !! Like now . 
Dream a little , dream for me in hopes that I'll remain . And cry a little , cry for me so I can bear the flames . And hurt a little , hurt for me . My future is untold . But my dreams are not the issue here , for they , the hammer holds . 
" Sit down , and put down everything that comes into your head and then you're a writer . But an author is one who can judge his own stuff's worth , without pity , and destroy most of it . " 
Awesome day full of the best of food and family !! ^_^ 
Happy Thanksgiving , lovelies ! <3 <3 
is going to be a pirate for Halloween . I can't believe I'm doing this . Really . 
is not a good chemistry teacher . 
has truly stopped caring about school at this point . 
Why do the colleges that offer the Bachelor's I want have to be on the West Coast or in Canada !?? >:( * sigh * 
I take my paper to school , I do nothing . I take my paper home , I do nothing . I take my paper to work ( where I really don't have time or space to do it ) , I get two and a half paragraphs done . Go figure . 
Brooke Hullender : We only have six classes left ! Me : WHAAAAT ?? I have three papers due !! Brooke : o_O You have three papers in the next three weeks ?! Me : * falls out of chair * I am so doomed . 
just can't wrap her head around the fact that it is November . 
Up to greet 2011 and all my lovelies I hope to grow closer to this year :) Cheesy enough for ya ? Lol , love y'all and can't wait for this year and all it's surprises . * hug * 
Wonder of the World , You've been so wonderful to me , and as long as I can speak , I will say so . Wonder of the world , You're on display for all to see , and for all eternity , I will say so . 
Just read an email from one of my professors that I'll have next semester . She sounds exceptionally perky . 
Less than a page to go ( excluding works cited) !!! Eek ! 
Okay , all the people that I seriously need to see before spring semester let me know when we can hang out so that I can work around my work schedule . If you want to do something this week , give me a day and I'll let you know if I can . 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your 
childhood ... the goal ? Not to see a human face on facebook until Monday 
the 6th of December . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite 
your friends to do the same . 
Again , I pose the question , can anyone take my 12-4 shift this morning ? 
Pretty sure I need glasses . 
The story I am writing exists , written in absolutely perfect fashion , some place , in the air . All I must do is find it , and copy it . ~ Jules Renard 
The time to begin writing an article is when you have finished it to your satisfaction . By that time you begin to clearly and logically perceive what it is you really want to say . ~ Mark Twain 
Came within inches of hitting a doe . O_O Momma was with me and said she's never seen a deer that close to a car NOT get hit or clipped . Thank God for guardian angels . 
Work work work . I * will * have a good night . 
Final in about an hour . Wish me luck . I have to do VERY well on it . 
Minutes have been replenished !! 
Since DSC has found students that can play the piano well , they have decided to use other means of torture to get us out of the student center : Blasting BAD music from the 50's . BAD music . BAD . Like really , you do not want to be here . I don't want to be here . 
The phone is still out of commission and will likely be that way through through Friday or Saturday . Just so ya know . Message me here if you desire conversation . 
I had almost forgotten how good it felt simply to put pen to paper and write for no other reason than a release of creativity :) 
" I'm going to bed now . " * finds something to read * 15 minutes later : " I'm going to bed NOW . " * keeps reading * 1hr later : " I am definitely going to bed now ..... right after I see what else this person has written . " 
It's been a while since I've been up early enough to see sunrise . 
Merry Christmas Eve ! 
First though as I wake up : OMYGOSH , it's cold ! Next one : I should turn on the kerosene heater . Mom : We're out of Kerosene but .... Me : * dies inside * 
Since when are students that tinker with the piano in the student center actually able to play without making my ears bleed ?? * mind blown * 
First real day of class tomorrow ! 
will never completely rid herself of AP Bio . Ever !! Hydrogen bonds !! Properties of water !! A ... T ... P ...! Aaaaahhhhhhh !! * brain implodes * 
So I finally got my textbooks , and I feel like it cost an arm , a leg , and a kidney . XP 
I don't mind being busy at work , but I hate it when I have to put so much effort into being a nice and helpful cashier that fine motor skills , depth perception , and hand-eye coordination forsake me . 
Coldplay and coffee :) Good morning . 
After we had wasted an hour and half of our lives on today's experiment , the professor says rather sheepishly , " Um .... guys , I don't know what's going on , but it shouldn't be taking 50 or more drops of buffer . More like 20 . Let me test the molarity of this .... " So he does . And it was WAAAAYY off . Wonderful . Oh , and I'm pretty sure that choking on chlorine vapors means he also forgot to turn on the fume hood . :/ 
New hair cut ! ^_^ 
My mom loves me so much that she gave me her own cup of coffee . Good parenting ;) 
Some little voice in the back of my mind is telling me that watching something on the Bermuda Triangle while on allergy meds is not the best idea I've ever had .... 
Phone is out of minutes . Message me here if you need me . 
Hoping this little escapade is successful . 
Room's clean (-er) ! 
* flops * 
Out o ' minutes . Talk to me here . 
Sleep deprivation and copious amounts of caffeine are the best inspiration . ;P 
On my knees 
dim lighted room 
thoughts free flow try to consume 
myself in this 
I'm not faithless 
Just paranoid of getting lost or that I might lose . 
And I'm praying that we will see 
something there in between 
then and there that exceeds all we can dream 
In all these twisted thoughts I see 
Jesus , there in between 
Stupidest thing I've ever done : 11hr day on only ONE cup of coffee . Never again , never again . 
Phone is indefinitely out of minutes . Sorry . :/ 
You give and take away for my good , for who am I to say what I need ? For You alone see the hidden parts of me that need to be stripped away . And as You begin to refine , I'm learning to let go and rely on the One who walks with me . As hard as it may be , You're teaching me all the while to say " Bless the Lord , O my soul . " 
Friend : laughs when you accidentally text them instead of your parents asking for coffee . 
Best Friend : brings you coffee anyway . :D 
EW EW EW EW EW EW !!! WHAT'S WITH THOSE STUPID INCH WORMS ?!? I just found ( and subsequently killed ) hitchhiker number three of the day !! 
Ignorance is bliss ; cherish it . 
Pretty neighborhoods , 
you learn too much to hold . 
Believe it not , 
And fight the tears 
with pretty smiles and lies about the times . 
Chorus romance says good night . 
Close your eyes , and I'll close mine . 
Remember you . 
Remember me . 
Hurt the first , the last , between 
After two hours in the amphitheater , the tally stands at : Mom- little to no noticeable sun . Rachel- some sun . Me- sunburned . Figures . 
DSCers that live in Ringgold : IF you have finals and cannot make it , talk to your professors and probably admissions or someone and see if you can get an INCOMPLETE . You will be able to finish whatever classes you need in the next semester . They were told to be lenient if you come late . Pass this on . 
Thank God for friends that let you have a warm shower and do your laundry . I never thought I could be so grateful for warm water . 
I " M FREE !! Whoo !! Now I get to work all summer !! .... awesome . 
Finally has internet back ! 
