Off for 3 days and no internet . Call if you need me . 
So I've been limping for over a week now . I went to the Dr. yesterday but they closed early because they had already seen 26 patients . I'm leaving work early today to see if I can get there before they decide that they're too tired . Maybe I'll be able to 
just heard Billy Mays died . I thought it was groups of three who died . 
A rock musician at heart with degrees in classical music singing in musical theater . There's just something wrong about that , but in a few weeks you can see me in Big River . 
Muncie . Mundane . Coincidence ? 
Step 1 : go to Menard's and get plastic stakes . Step 2 : go home and stake weed fabric down inside the brick frame . Step 3 : put timbers on brick frame and stake into place . Step 4 : fill in the area around the frame with dirt . Step 5 : repaint the timbers bla 
Had a great time with my daughter this weekend and developed a non-meds responsive migraine on the drive back from WV . Still have it . The air conditioner sounds like a roar to me right now . 
Had a good weekend with good friends and sexy art . 
Indy tonight . Tomorrow , stay at home and rebuild my zen garden . Friday , might go out . Saturday , Bloomington to see the Kinsey Institute's art show . Sounds like a fun few days . 
It's July 2nd and the forecast for Muncie is . . . May with a chance of April . WTF ? 
I'm done . Just done . I'm going to concentrate on other things for now on . Maybe one day I'll leave the retreat . 
so yeah I have a username . Now will you stop reminding me of it Facebook . I capitulated . I have the name . Please , please , please stop sending me reminders . 
OK , I've been limping since Sunday now and I don't know why . I'm blaming the flip-flops . 
Heads better . I've also come to the conclusion that the Universe likes me . That's all . 
Mobster Cthulhu says : " Rubbing tobacco indoors and spitting into a paper cup provides me a gateway to your world because of the sheer disgusting nature of the fluid , so don't be surprised when my tentacle comes out of the cup and grabs you by the throat . " 
I pulled up behind an old pickup truck this morning at an intersection with a four-lane avenue . He accelerated quickly to cross all four lanes causing his tailgate to fall off . This caused the SUV in that lane to swerve to miss it . However , instead of swe 
My cell phone magically started working again . I think it feared the cell doctor . They have probes you know . 
Another day , another pinched nerve . Damn flip flops . At least now I get to wear an attractive post op sandal for a while . 
I want a salad . A nice roughage filled salad . With ranch dressing . 
So yeah , I think I'm back to giving up on the whole connection thing . Does that mean I have a dissociative disorder ? A joke for the psychologically inclined . 
Normally , you can't walk across this campus without kicking a squirrel , but when I want to feed one a tomato , none can be found . Little effers . 
I love getting caught in a thunderstorm . No , seriously , I do . I had to walk to my car in a downpour yesterday and I've been in a good mood since . 
Back to work after a very relaxing week playing with Elaina and doing nothing at home except working on things I want to work on . More details on that coming . 
Of all crappy 80s fashions to make a comeback , why the rat tail ? I'm sitting here looking at a rat tail . Why ? WHY ? 
RIP Senator Kennedy . I don't have the words . 
Mobster Cthulhu says : " Don't wear so much aftershave that you stink up the place for 20 minutes after you leave and wake me from my eternal sleep . " * Smite * 
I think I found the mathematical representation of my life -- the tangent . 
Mobster Cthulhu says : " It is I who mandates that the woman with the highest , most annoying voice in the store make all the PA announcements at Wal-Mart for I control the company . Did you think it was by chance that Wal-Mart is the most evil company in you 
Finds it annoying when the people who are supposed to know you best know you as you were long ago and seem to have no idea who you are today . 
Stabbing Westward invades my brain again . 
Excerpts from my results on a personality test : Being away from nature and beauty can make you feel trapped or uneasy . You much prefer novel activities and may quickly get bored with ones that you have mastered . You prefer to take things as they come ra 
Thanks to all who made yesterday a great birthday . Your wishes were well received . 
RIP John Hughes : Ferris Bueller’s Day Off , Pretty in Pink , Breakfast Club , Sixteen Candles , Home Alone , National Lampoon’s Vacation , Planes , Trains & Automobiles , Uncle Buck , She’s Having a Baby , Curly Sue . I'm sure everyone will find at least one film they like on that list . 
" Whip It " is a damn fine film . I started laughing about 10 seconds in and kept going until the end credits . Full movie review coming . 
Wonders if you've ever looked at the ceiling . There are many odd things there . Since the ceiling is often out of reach , how did they get there ? 
Oh well , Fred Travelena and Gale Storm died too so Bill was part of a new threesome . 
is tired of the facade . 
Stabbing Westward has been banished again . ( That means I'm in a better mood . ) 
OK , it ended up being a night in watching my friend needlepoint while listening to The Beatles and Arlo Gutherie . It was a very good evening . 
Mobster Cthulhu says : " Yes tan , and tan some more . Get under those radiation bulbs . Your dried out , leathery , winkled , cancer riddled carcass will make for a more frightening visage when I make you my minion . " Smite 
On vacation from August 8 through August 16 . Any suggestions on where I can go ? Must leave Muncie . 
I'm thinking about getting in touch with my elfish side again . 
Vacation starts in 30 minutes . I won't be around a computer much in the next week so if you want to get a hold of me call . Number's on the profile . 
Don't mess with Mobster Cthulhu 
Choices for tonight : Poetry reading at Motini's or African Drumming at Pruis . Any thoughts ? Anyone want to go to either ? 
Fish 
My phone won't do texting all of a sudden . Off to the store I go . 
OK , try this one : Gasoline , saccharineI got no reason for the state I'm in , But I know what I am , They know what they areSo let me be 
It's hard typing when one slices the tip of one's finger . Just pointing that out . Owie . 
Would anyone like to go see Harvey Pekar tonight and/or tomorrow night . It's free . All you need to be is free at 7:30 each night . 
I've had a good couple of weeks . Last weekend was Indy's IrishFest with Lauren and Ryan and then we watched Crank and Crank 2 with even more friends . This weekend I went to Pagan Pride with my daughter Elaina and Lauren . The rest of the weekend was with my girl . Tonight I get to see a sneak preview of Whip It with Lauren and Ryan . Throw in a few visits from friends during the week , and yeah , it's been a good time . 
I had a lovely Mabon yesterday . I spent the day meditating and cleaning . It's a thanksgiving holiday and I found that I have much to be thankful for . I hope you all can say the same in your lives . 
Mobster Cthulhu says : " If you burned your bra in ' 69 , put it back on in ' 09 . " Smite 
I now know what it sounds like when the mechanic doesn't tighten a bolt when he " fixes " your breaks . It sounds like a grating sound and then oddly like your own voice yelling " OH Fuck , oh fuck , oh fuck " as you finally stop just before the red light at the end of the interstate exit ramp . 
Mobster Chthulhu says : " YES ! Keep speaking your ' English ' language poorly . For ' I seen ' sounds much like ' eisean ' a word of power that if spoken simultaneously by one million people will release me into your world where I shall lay waste to KANSAS ! Your refusal to pay attention in class will destroy your world ! " Smite 
One of the lights is going out and it all seems darker now . 
I'm off ! woot ! Silversun Pickups in just 4 hours . Admiral Adama , uh , Edward James Olmos 24 hours after that . Back on here next Monday . Enjoy . 
3 days of sleep and a weekend of cleaning all thanks to influenza . Granted the aches , pains , hacking cough , sneezing , congestion , runny nose , inability to talk , throbbing ears , complete lack of energy and the odd urge to root up truffles kinda sucked but I lived and all the sleep was wonderful . I swear . Really . 
Thinking about shaving the side burns . 
Insert comment about mundanity here . 
I think I'll do some recording tonight . Right after a postwork nap . 
Soooo , if you're reading a book by a physicist about black holes and laughing , does that necessarily mean you're a geek ? 
So yeah , email yelled at for I know not why , and work issues . Great start to my Wednesday . 
I slept about 14 hours yesterday , 4:30 pm to 6:30 am , and I still feel tired and out of sorts . I should have stayed in bed . 
Would like to publicly thank @Tara Chandler for getting Eagle-Eye Cherry's " Stay Tonight " stuck in my head . It wouldn't be so bad if I knew more than the chorus . 
8 hours and 20 minutes until I'm on vacation for 3 days . Silversun Pickups with Cage the Elephant and An Horse tonight . Edward James Almos tomorrow ( Maybe ) . Get my daughter on Friday and have her to go trick or treating Saturday . 
Actual headline from MSNBC . " Swine flu pandemic goes global " What the hell do you think pandemic means you dumbass copy jocky ? Seriously , pick up an effing dictionary . 
I'm back . Miss me ? Didn't think so . Oh well . :-) 
Halloween costume idea . Dark gray pants with a medium gray shirt and a light gray sports coat and a name tag that reads " Hello : My Name Is The Truth . " 
I have an everything bagle with chive & onion cream cheese . All is right in the world . 
Pedantic , bureaucratic BS will be the end of civilization . No bombs . We're all going to die waiting for someone to tell us the right way to fill out a form . 
" The pig is the ideal animal to look at lifestyle and health issues in the United States , " said Larry Schook , a University of Illinois in Champaign . Does anything else really need to be said ? 
So yeah , Muncie people . Is there a radio station we can get that plays rock music made after 1996 ? No Nickleback doesn't count . 
Anyone who tells you that America has the medical system in the world LIES . We should , but we don't and it looks more and more like we won't . 
Why don't I sleep more ? I need to sleep more . 
Mobster Cthulhu says : " Yes Yes let the rhythms of the dance music carry you away , just as I will carry you away when you discover that ' Uh Uh Yeah ' is actually a spell to bring me into your world . " Smite . 
My hair is long enough again , that I have to shake it out of my face . I've missed that . 
Is anyone planning on or would like to attend the Edward James Olmos lecture tomorrow ? I'm going but now I need a seat buddy . ( Oct . 28 . 8PM Pruis Hall ) 
I'm starting to miss TV a bit . Only like about 4 shows and football but I am missing it . 
Off for the day . Enjoying your Facebooking . Yes , it is a word now . I said so . :-D 
It's amazing how just a little exercise can make one feel more energized the next day . Biked the Greenway from my house to Minnetrista to MTCup and back . 
discovered that one can not take the back off of a dryer that is stacked on top of a washer without first removing it from the washer . . . the hard way . At least I caught it before it went through the wall . 
Happy Solstice and a Joyous Yule to everyone ! Our yearly reminder that when things are at their darkest , brighter days are coming . 
So if this is the " happiest time of the year " why are there so many screaming , crying , boneless children at the mall . My condolences to all my friends who work there . 
Usage Note : In speech ' quick ' is commonly used as an adverb in phrases such as ' Come quick . ' In formal writing , however , ' quickly ' is required . Could someone please tell the moron copy editors at MSNBC.com this ? 
I yours if you want me . . . and even if you don't want me . 
Happy New Year's . I'm in Indy . My phone is in Muncie . Yeah , I return calls and such tomorrow . 
Dear Munice drivers : A red light means stop , not inch slowly into incoming traffic . If people have to swerve around you , it's a bad thing . 
Insomnia has won . I've now been up for 24 hours and I'm at work . I think I might leave early today or make a cot out of my desk . 
Several lovely days with my little girl . Now back in Muncie . A snowy Muncie . Blah 
Salt eats cars . I eat salt . Therefore , I can eat cars . Thank you Clancy's for reminding me of this power every year . 
Mobster Cthulhu says : " You need to read more . " Smite 
? (?????) ? Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an IDIOT . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 
Plan for tonight : Replace guitar strings . Play guitar until fingers hurt . Read . Sleep . Feel free to interrupt . 
Ever hear someone's laugh in a public space that is so annoying that you want to gag them ? And yes , I do know I have an annoying laugh too , but at least it's not a hum every few seconds . 
Random , odd compliment of the day : " Did anyone tell you that you look like John Ritter ? " Or at least she said it was a compliment . 
Merry Imbolc ! Imbolc is the day to celebrate the creative spirit within each of us . It is a time to start new projects and put aside old ones ( assuming they're done ) . It is a time to clear away one's own mental and spiritual detritus so that you can get a fresh start . Read more in my note about it . . . 
Since I and several of my friends had a crappy day yesterday , I declare by fiat that yesterday was Monday and we shall all restart the week . Done and done . Happy Tuesday to you all . 
Obscure Lyric Challange : You don't wonder where we're going Or remember where we've been We've got to keep this traffic Flowing and accept a little sin . 
I like my sex like I like my rice . . . long and wild . This inappropriate comment brought to you by Rice-a-Roni 
How long how long will I slide/Separate my side I don't/I don't believe it's bad/Slit my throat/It's all I ever -- Thank you Chloe ' Woggon for getting this stuck in my head . 
" The pig is the ideal animal to look at lifestyle and health issues in the United States , " said Larry Schook , a University of Illinois in Champaign . Does anything else really need to be said ? 
I needed that . 
a-hem , cough cough 
Feeling the need to write . Anyone have words they'd like to hear set to music ? 
So last week the funk I've been in the last couple of months reached the point where I nearly broke down and cried . Then the sun came out for a while and I started to feel better . Then I realized that the same thing happened about this time of year last year . I think I may have Seasonal Affective Disorder . If so , it explains a lot . Might see a doctor . 
Petunias 
fish 
We won ? Really ? We won trivia night at Doc's ? That's odd and about time . 
Just updating this since I'm not actually stuck in Dayton anymore . 
I'm an official Ghost Hunter ! Well , probationary official ghost hunter . 
J.D. Salinger . died yesterday at age 91 . 
Dear planet . I'm ot on here much anymore so I'll be clearing out my friend list to only those I've actually met in person . Thanks for the fun and such on the games . 
Having you lecture me about this is a little like having an intervention led by Caligula . Just saying . 
I need a haircut , but she's out of town , so no haircut . I'm in a play tonight , so I get to be in a play looking like I need a haircut . Yea . BTW , come to the play tonight . 8:30 PM at Ball State's Student Center 
Oh we think we're all modern and advanced . Then the power goes out and all those modern and advanced gadgets stop working and we don't know what to do . Truth is , we're all still cavemen ( and women ) with an easily destroyed facade of technology allowing us to pretend otherwise . And my hair looks horrible because I couldn't see this morning . 
Went to the big Foo Fighters movie/concert last night . Foo won . 
" Deduction ? Is that even a word ?! " Overheard phone conversation . On a college campus . I weep for the future . 
I got to introduce my girl to Animaniacs this weekend . She likes ' Mindy and Buttons ' and Slappy 
I need a performance gig . I act , I sing , I play instruments ( kinda sorta since my hands fell apart ) , I do spoken word . Anything but musical theater . Just doesn't work for me . Suggestions ? 
Well since I'm being a fanboy today : NAPTOWN ROLLER GIRLS final home bout of the season THIS SATURDAY . 
Remember when teachers , policemen , firemen , bus drivers , nurses , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Me neither . Pass it on . 
I'm the center of a peace sign ! 
Remember when teachers , policemen , firemen , bus drivers , nurses , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Me neither . Pass it on 
Salary of the US President ... $ 400,000 . Salary of retired US Presidents ... $ 180,000 . Salary of House/Senate ... $ 174,000 . Salary of Speaker of House ... $ 223,500 . Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 . ... Average US Salary ... $ 33,000 to $ 77,000 . Average Salary of a US Soldier ... $ 21,000 . Maybe our elected officials should make an average salary too ... It's a time of sacrifice after all ... Re-post if you agree ! 
This weekend I was reminded that seeking the answer to a simple question like " Why ? " can mean a lot to people . I lined the track for a NRG bout . I realized how much my girlfriend loves me and I her after one simple phrase . To top it all off , my best friend asked if I would become ordained so that I can officiate at her wedding . Thanks to all who made this such an interesting , meaningful and just plain great weekend . 
Gas spiked over 20 cents to $4.17 since lunch . I guess I got a good deal . 
So should anyone tell Comcast that Xfinity sounds like the newest club drug ? Or do they know ? 
I just realized Jim Carey gets a lot of his acting style from Max Headroom . 
It's official : I'm going back to school for a second Master's degree . I just got accepted to BSU's Telecommunications : Digital Storytelling M.A. program . 
It's odd . I'm excited . I'm accustomed to being excited about other's lives -- my daughter , my girlfriend , my best friend , my mom , my brother , Naptown , various friends , even my ex . Not used to being excited about MY life , haven't been for a while . I like it . 
Biked 5 miles to work . Hit 19 MPH while still in mid gear . Could still sing opera when I got here . Yea lungs . 
Seems that I'm going to prom next month . Time to fit into my tux again . 
Anyone know where I can get access to a lathe in Muncie ? 
Had the best Memorial day weekend in a very long time . Spent most of the time cleaning and doing yard work , then a bike ride , an amazing smoothie and cookout all the better because Emily L . Wuertemberger was there . 
Thanks to all my friends who have given me words of encouragement the last few days . I have to admit that I've been a stressed recently and probably reacted to my latest issue more strongly than I should have . I believe it was a case of straw breaking the camel . I am feeling better thanks to you all . 
Yep , hermitage . Definitely making the house a hermitage . All I need is a sack cloth tunic and a rope belt and I'm set . 
I caught a bat in my back porch last night . It got in the screens and couldn't find it's way out so it was going in a circle so then the cats were going in a circle too . The bat would swoop down and the cats would jump up . It was kind of like having a screened in popcorn popper featuring fur . Finally , I got my bathrobe and threw it over the bat and released it . I should have got video . 
Trivia delayed by a crappy band . Suckage 
* 
I need a theater partner . Would anyone like to go see Equus with me tonight ? Sorry for the short notice . 
If lefties are so evil , why is it always the far far right who make threats , call names , spit on people , fly planes into buildings and blow things up ? I'm confused . 
The true meaning of Star Trek : There are no ugly people in the future 
Headed out for my first ghost hunt tonight . 
I want to try firewalking . Anyone know of someplace in Indiana to do it ? I'm looking at you Graham Watson . 
Everyone is down on pain , because they forget something important about it : Pain is for the living . Only the dead don't feel it . . . Pain does two things : It teaches you , tells you that you're alive . Then it passes away and leaves you changed . -- Jim Butcher , White Night . 
At a Them Crooked Vultures concert . Times like these I miss my hair . 
Cola flavored shisha . Combining two of my favorite things . It will either be amazing or leave me wanting to scrape my tongue . 
Had to work today but tonight I get to hang with my best friend . Something to look forward to . 
Stolen from Lauren Fink : Dear people who consistently put up posts about loving and trusting in Jesus and then support the FB group that's essentially praying for Barack Obama to die , Way to represent the Christian faith . Idiots . 
Equus , both disturbing and thought provoking . I highly recommend going to the Muncie Civic production this weekend . 
Words fail . I belive I shall just withdrawl for a while . May you all do well . 
People thought I was insane when I talked about it . No one could remember this thing of my childhood that I was obsessed with finding again . It eluded me for years making my friends worry about me because my frustration was palpable . But last night my search ended . I FOUND TOFFIFAY ! 
I'm not going out tonight . I'm not coming over . I'm sleeping . Doing some laundry and sleeping some more . Just so you know . 
Dr. Josef Parvizi , a Stanford University neurologist who studies crying and laughing , agrees that outbursts of laughter or crying are not really under our complete control , no matter how much we think they are . The idea that human beings can exert complete control over this system the way we can program a computer is a relic of old-fashioned hubris and moralizing . 
It's just me and Columbo tonight . That's right , Columbo . 
" Betty White said ' Balls , '" said by Lauren Fink as I was hanging out with her Saturday night . A very good night . 
Still no words , but at least good friends can help . 
HSitting in my hippie den of a back porch , smoking my hookah for the first time in months , cola shisha a nice surprise , reading a William Gibson novel whil 
@Lauren Fink has a ticket to see the Dali Lama Friday for $30 . 
HAPPY STAR WARS DAY ! May the Fourth be with you . 
WE WON TRIVIA !!! 
So not as much laundry done but much sleeping last night . Feeling much better . 
My last few days : Thursday , dinner with Lauren Fink and friends at my favorite restaurant in Indy , Brugge . Friday , attended a talk by the Dali Lama with Lu , walked around Mass Ave in Indy and then went to pick up my daughter , Elaina . Saturday spent with Elaina at various parks aound Muncie . 
Bureaucracies are like septic tanks . The really big pieces rise to the top . 
He the approaching storm's wind whips the trees and wind chimes around . Good evening . 
Lauren Fink has a ticket to see the Dali Lama 
Friday at 9:30 am for $30 . 
Would anyone in Muncie have a pickup truck I could use this Monday ? 
Finds himself confused . Wondering . Guessing . Communication can be difficult . 
I want you to notice , When I'm not around , You're so fuckin ' special , I wish I was special -- Damn facebook movie trailer . At least it got a decent song stuck in my head . 
Dear Local Dance Academy , Lady Gaga's look is intentionally over-the-top hypersexualized . I'm all for adults embracing their sexuality . However , dressing eight-year-olds up like Lady Gaga is just effing creepy . Little girls wearing torn fishnets and shorts that have half their ass hanging out ? Yeah , creepy . 
Watching Columbo reminds me that the stories were great but the 70s were a really ugly decade 
I need to travel . I need to see a culture that I have little 
experience with . To learn from people who see the world differently than me . 
I'm thinking Branson , Missouri . 
To feel safe again look over your shoulder 

Very carefully look over your shoulder 
I just used the last notch on my belt . I'm officailly skinny again . 
Forgot my cell phone today . Send an email if you need to get a hold of me . I'll have my phone back around 4pm EDT . 
I need mirrors . No seriously , if you have any old mirrors you're not using ( compacts , hand mirrors , wall mirrors , whatever ) let me know . 
" Accordingly , the alleged injury , destruction of the earth , is in no way attributable to the U.S. government . " -- Wagner v . U.S. Government . Best lawsuit ever . 
" Obama 
is not a brown-skinned , anti-war socialist who gives away free 
healthcare . You're thinking of Jesus . " - John Fugelsang 
Stolen from several people . Thanks all . 
I think I may designate my house a hermitage and only leave for work , food , trivia and visits to my daughter . But that coudl be the lack of sleep talking . 
I JUST SHOOK BLAGGO'S HAND ! 
Silence is very imporant . The silence between the notes are as important as the notes themselves . -- W.A. Mozart . I believe this applies to more than just music . 
Evil is away from the desk right now . Can I take a message ? 
Spent the weekend with my BFF at Comic Con Chicago . It was my early birthday present and indeed one of the better ones I've had in a while . Thanks to Lauren Fink . Love ya , Lu . 
me : Or the Universe could be trying to tell me something . Or it could be fucking with me Lauren : I don't think that the " universe " is capable of malice me : It evolved the platypus . Now that's malice Lauren : LOL They're cute ! me : Yeah , until they get that poisonous claw in you and then maul you with a duck bill . WTF ?! Lauren : Yeah . There is that little bit of unpleasantness me : It'd be like getting eaten by a Pokemon ! 
Dear Morning people , Shut the fuck up . Come back in two hours when I'm awake . 
Dear The Locker Room , A soup , a salad , two baked potatoes and five mini-corn dogs should not take over an hour to get to the table . I'm done with you for lunch . 
I married my best friend this weekend . No , no . I didn't get married TO her . I married her to her love . My first stint as a wedding officiant . It was a lot of fun . Thanks to Lauren Wolf for letting me help with her wedding . 
So I just performed a wedding . Next thing to add to my life experiences . . . FIRE SPINNING ! Bring on the flames ! 
Had a fairly productive day yesterday . Reorganized a whole range at work , finished my first set of practice poi , researched how to make a contact staff , got a line on a possible scholarship , watched both Women's World Cup matches , fixed my bike and talked to my daughter , mom and girlfriend . Having fun . 
Blown tire has trapped me in Carmel . 
The flat tire became another great weekend with Emily L . Wuertemberger . Thursday's grumpiness was assuaged with Mudbugs ' beignets . Getting the tire fixed , again , became running around the mall and learning I like Fossil . Saturday had a Mensa meeting and a wine tasting festival ( Rhubarb wine , who knew ? ) . Sunday we watched the Team USA lose and then Harry Potter . Next weekend = zip lining and roller derby ! 
One week in and I've already worn out a pair of poi . Any spinners out there with suggestions for cheap DIY practice poi ? 
Hair . Out of . Control . HUUMMMIIIIDDDDDITYYYYYYYYYY ! 
Derby People : To wear my Naptown top hat and cane to the bout Sunday in Munice or not ? That is the question . 
The last 20 hours have sucked . Fights and scares can stop now . 
Oh , hey look at that . You ask for the annoying stuff to stop and it does . Yay Universe ! 
