VIP pool pass to the Warwick Mall ... be jealous . 
Just gave CC a very overdue detailing . She's so puuuurty . 
Wishes he remembered that girls name from last night ! 
| You can't be me , you have a hard enough time being you . 
Starbucks > Dunkin ' Donuts . 
How do you wake up everyday of your life , decide your not going to accomplish anything today , drive around and smoke weed all day ... your life isn't something you should waste . Your given one life , and it's suppossed to test you ... so gets some drive and stop letting yourself go . 
I never looked up to anyone , I was never a follower ... I just knew what I wanted , and what it would take to get there . I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth ... I worked hard to get where I am . I earned it , don't ever forget that . 
I'm not riding your ass , I'm drafting ... saves gas . 
Alcohol - Turning childhood friends into awkward hookups since the dawn of civilization . 
LMAO I just heard a black guy tell a white guy he would never go tanning because it's gay . 

Something about that seems off ... 
To all the Steelers fans on here ... you guys played a hell of a game today . Got off to a slow start , but bounced right back in the second half . Took it down to the wire . 
Maybe we'll see you again next year ! 
GO PACK GO ! 
is officially down to a 38 ... from a 44 ! Pretty excited . 
| Just because there's a goalie , doesn't mean you can't score . 
| Facebook is not Twitter ... I repeat , Facebook is NOT Twitter . 
| Next time you go to a restaurant and ask for a Coke , and they ask " Is Pepsi OK ? " ... reply " Is monopoly money OK ? " 
| Not so pretty without all that whore paint . 
My Prediction : 44-10 Patriots 
" Do you ever notice that when you're driving , anyone going slower than 
you is an idiot and everyone driving faster than you is a maniac . " 
So true ! 
It is not where you are from or where you are at , but where you are going that makes you . You will choose your direction , the height you attain , and the success you achieve . 
I don't know about you , but I'm not done climbing . 
Thanks in advance for ruining the state , Chafee . 
Yup ... Kansas sucks ... 
What do you expect , you come over at 5 in the morning and want to play checkers ?!? 
" I could have me a good girl and still be addicted to them hood rats " 
Great throw , puppy killer . 
GO PACK GO !!! 
| If you're an NFL player ... don't make big hits or you'll get suspended . Just rip their helmet off and punch them in the face and write a 25k check . Don't believe me ... ask Andre Johnson . 
| So tomorrow I find out how bad I tore my Acromioclavicular . Hopefully no surgery . 
Bring Marcus Cousin up ! 
If I hear one more girl say " WAH !!! " ... I myself , am going to cry . 
You did good kid , real good ... but as long as I'm around you'll always be number 2 . 
Did you touch my drumset ? 
Only in NE can we go from 72 to 34 and snowing in 3 days . 
Congratulations , you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth . The rest of us actually have to work are way through life . 
“In the last decade , the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working Americans actually declined . The top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each . And that’s who needs to pay less taxes ? ” 
The first smart thought he's ever had . 
New Scale just told me Old Scale was being forgiving ... challenge accepted Mr. Scale . 
If you are old and loaded ... dont buy an expensive " race car " that you're going to drive 10mph ! Use all that money to move to Florida with the other Town Cars . 
So Carmelo ... did we do anything " Special " tonight ? Jackass . 
Gotta love all the " I don't care that bin Laden is dead " comments/status . If that news doesn't put a smile on your face go live in Afghanistan , you don't belong here . 
I'm the narrator , and this is just the prologue . 
Well I guess the Celtics can go watch the NBA championship games with the Lakers . 
