I have a large trampoline in my backyard first person to come and get it tommorow morning/afternoon can have it ! message me if interested ! 
Ugh I hate winter ! 
Snow day for the next week I think ! 
Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves - Andy Warhol 
... if every man says all he can , if every man is true , do I believe the sky above is Caribbean blue ...... Boreas ...... Zephryus ... ... if all you told was turned to gold , if all you dreamed were new , imagine sky high abovein Caribbean blue ... Enya 
Having a great morning sipping a large cup of coffee , and listening to a screaming child 
so much , but yet nothing at all 
“You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see , but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel . ” 
Happiness is not a matter of events ; it depends upon the tides of the mind . 
Alice Meynell 
To gain that which is worth having , it may be necessary to lose everything else - Bernadette Devlin 
Good morning !!! Hope every one is going to have a wonderful day , or is having one !!! 
" If you expect nothing from anybody , you’re never disappointed . " 
— Sylvia Plath 
It's crowded and I feel lost in here I'm trying to find a familiar fear I look everywhere but I just can't see There's not anything that reminds me of me , oh CHANTAL KREVIAZUK- Wayne ( song Lyrics ) 
I am interested in anything about revolt , disorder , chaos-especially activity that seems to have no meaning . It seems to me to be the road toward freedom ... Rather than starting inside , I start outside and reach the mental through the physical . Jim Morrison 
We live in a rainbow of chaos -Paul Cezanne 
" Truth is stranger than fiction , but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities ; Truth isn't . " 
— Mark Twain 
would like all my Facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right . Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
I am sooo bored ..... What to do , what to do 
I myself am made entirely of flaws , stitched together with good intentions . Augusten Burroughs , Magical Thinking 
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task since it consists principally in dealing with men . 
Joseph Conrad 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
So tired , wish I could crawl back into bed ! 
Of all the attitudes we can acquire , surely the attitude of gratitude is the most important and by far the most life-changing . Zig Ziglar 
I love Fridays ! 
Another Boring Saturday morning , so much to do , just have to do it ! 
Please come and post your favorite oldie ( song ) on my wall !!! I need some music for the day !!! 
“When we walk to the edge of all the light we have and take the step into the darkness of the unknown , we must believe that one of two things will happen . There will be something solid for us to stand on or we will be taught to fly . ” Patrick Overton 
" A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable , but more useful than a life spent doing nothing . " 
— George Bernard Shaw 
“I must learn to love the fool in me the one who feels too much , talks too much , takes too many chances , wins sometimes and loses often , lacks self-control , loves and hates , hurts and gets hurt , promises and breaks promises , laughs and cries” 
Theodore Isaac Rubin 
" Faith in faith ' he answered himself . ' It isn't necessary to have something to believe in . It's only necessary to believe that somewhere there's something worthy of belief " 
— Alfred Bester 
" One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself . " 
Leonardo da Vinci 
" Real happiness is cheap enough , yet how dearly we pay for its counterfeit . " 
-- Hosea Ballou 
ATTENTION !! The Video " Distracting BeachBabes[HQ] " is a virus if it gets posted on your profile DON'T CLICKIT !! Soon As You click it you get a virus that automatically sends the video to your friends ... WHAT EVER YOU DO DON'T CLICK IT !! COPY & PASTE THIS INTO YOUR STATUS TO WARN YOUR FRIEND6 hours ago · Comment · Like 
Just living is not enough . One must have sunshine , freedom , and a little flower . ~ Hans Christian Anderson 
Creepy man at pool , bad bad vibes , need toget outta here :o 
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on . Henry Ellis 
just got stuck on the highway in a Torrential downpour and so windy could see not even 5 feet in front of the vehicle , sooo scary !!! Im done for the weekend ! Think that I will just stay home !! 
had a wonderful weekend at the lake , cant wait to go back ! 
" The question isn't who is going to let me ; it's who is going to stop me . " 
— Ayn Rand 
I need a pot of coffee , had on cup yet , whats up with that ? :( Think i will call the magic coffee fairy , ummm , guess hes not here 
Life is half spent before we know what it is 
-George Herbert- 
mmm , i love flowers .... 
" If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty . " 
— Marilyn Monroe 
Hope everyone is having a great long weekend ! Have a great Thanksgiving !!! 
Good Morning !!! Hope everyone has a nice day ! 
" If we don't change the direction we are headed , we will end up where we are going . " 
Chinese Proverb 
few more days until lake time !!! Yay !!!! 
There is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy 
Dante 
just got home from the lake , at home safe , trailer ruined with baseball sized hail , scary night ... 
The moment when you first wake up in the morning is the most wonderful of the twenty-four hours . No matter how weary or dreary you may feel , you possess the certainty that , during the day that lies before you , absolutely anything may happen . And the fact that it practically always doesn't , matters not a jot . The possibility is always there . 
~ Monica Baldwin 
Good Morning Everyone !!!! It is Friday at last ! Have a good one !!! 
" If it's not fun , tell me , why are you still playing ? " 
" Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy . " 
— Guillaume Apollinaire 
“A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . ” 
Herm Albright 
You can not prevent the birds of sorrow from flying over your head , but you can prevent them from building a nest in your hair 
Looks like another Grey winter day .... 
Fear less , hope more ; eat less , chew more ; whine less , breathe more ; talk less , say more ; hate less , love more ; and all good things are yours . 
~ Swedish Proverb 
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness . 
" Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . The important thing is to not stop questioning . " 
Albert Einstein 
“When you have come to the edge Of all light that you know And are about to drop off into the darkness Of the unknown , Faith is knowing One of two things will happen : There will be something solid to stand on or You will be taught to fly” 
Patrick Overton 
Contemplation often makes life miserable . We should act more , think less , and stop watching ourselves live . 
Nicolas de Chamfort 
when does the cleaning ever end ????? 
" You only live once , but if you do it right , once is enough . " 
— Mae West 
“When the road gets dark - And you can no longer see - Just let my love throw a spark - And have a little faith in me . ” 
John Hiatt - Have a Little Faith in Me 
Just dropped two pounds of unthawed ground beef into a plate , splattered all over my white peasant blouse ! Not the smartest move ! LOL ! 
“Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions . ” 
Edgar Cayce 
How hard is to took a pizza out of the box , okay that is two in a row burnt ! 
Happy Friday people !! Hope you have a great day & Weekend ! 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun ! 
Sitting here watching the sun disappear , what a stunning sky , wow ! Life is beautiful ! 
Who is up this Saturday evening ? 
I'm tired of trying to get other people to see into my brain . I'm done . 
Todd McFarlane 
Note to self : Remember to turn off cel phone , and all other phones when laying down trying to have a nap . Guess the nap is a no go !!! 
" Freethinkers are those who are willing to use their minds without prejudice and without fearing to understand things that clash with their own customs , privileges , or beliefs . This state of mind is not common , but it is essential for right thinking ... " 
— Leo Tolstoy 
Clearly this is not a good day for me ! LOL ! First the furnace , then go to get my van back , of course I leave way to early and have to kill an hour driving around , then finally time to drop Kempton off at playschool , get there doors are locked , then have to rush home call my client cancel work for day as I have no sitter !!! Is this day going to get any better ? 
I am having the best cup of coffee in such a long time , it has been awhile since i have enjoyed a cup so much , Good morning !!! 
ok , Im not imagining this , furnace is out and it is like 62 in this house , freezing cold 
" Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants . " 
— Louis D . Brandeis 
Wherever you go , no matter what the weather , always bring your own sunshine . ~ Anthony J . D'Angelo , The College Blue Book 
“We need 4 hugs a day for survival . We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance . We need 12 hugs a day for growth . ” 
Virginia Satir 
You never know what is enough , until you know what is more than enough . ~ William Blake , Proverbs of Hell 
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm , you’ll never enjoy the sunshine . 
" Every heart has its own skeletons . " 
Wishing that it was Friday !!! 
All we have is hope , without it , we have nothing ..... 
Time for swimming lessons , cant wait , ha ha ha 
“It is bad luck to fall out of a thirteenth story window on Friday” 
American Proverb quotes 
Happy Friday everyone , hope you all have a great day ! 
" And I'll stand on the ocean until I start sinking . " 
Bob Dylan 
“Sometimes questions are more important than answers . ” 
Nancy Willard 
Finally some sun at last !!!!! 
" If you want to be happy , be . " 
" I can be changed by what happens to me . But I refuse to be reduced by it . " 
— Maya Angelou 
Just got out of bed and this house is freezing ....... shirt robe coat , hmmm I think somthing is wrong ! LOL ! 
I'm tough , I'm ambitious , and I know exactly what I want . If that makes me a bitch , okay . ~ Madonna Ciccone 
when will this day ever end ..................... 
" I would not regret putting a hole in your arrogant chest , only it would be deflected when it hit that piece of rock you call a heart . " 
— Laurie McBain 
Why does it feel like Saturday today , although it is Friday ? hmmmm 
" Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot , 
Nothing is going to get better . It's not . " 
— Dr. Seuss 
Happiness does not depend on outward things , but on the way we see them . 
- Leo Tolstoy 
Disenchantment , whether it is a minor disappointment or a major shock , is the signal that things are moving into transition in our lives . 
William Throsby Bridges 
tea is done nite everyone , have a good one , few hours of sleep does the body & mind good !!!!!!!!! :P 
im an alien , that is of some angel orgin , that is 54% mean 
He goes along just like a water lily , gentle on the surface of his thoughts his body floats . Unweighed down by passion or intensity , yet unaware of the depth upon which he coasts . - Fiona Apple , Pale September 
I think that it is coffee time ...... 
" The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four people is suffering from a mental illness . Look at your 3 best friends . If they're ok , then it's you . " 
— Rita Mae Brown 
“We enjoy warmth because we have been cold . We appreciate light because we have been in darkness . By the same token , we can experience joy because we have known sadness . ” 
- David Weatherford 
" Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in , where the only person who can judge is yourself . " 
— Sarah Dessen 
" Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple . " 
Happy Friday Everyone !!! Have a good one ! 
Wishing everyone a Happy Friday & A very Happy New Year ! 
All you touch and all you see , 
Is all your life will ever be . 
Pink Floyd 
Its Friday finally ! Hope everyone has a great day , and a wonderful weekend !!! 
“You cannot control what happens to you , but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you , and in that , you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you . ” 
Brian Tracy 
Hope everyone is having a great Valentines Day 
Finally Friday ! Hope everyone has a great weekend !! Take care all ! 
I lean against the wind 
Pretend that I am weightless 
And in this moment I am happy ... happy 
- Incubus 
Would've been so nice to sleep in , oh well , better get up and get ready to go ! Have a great day everyone ! 
" Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows " 
— Helen Keller 
“One problem with gazing too frequently into the past is that we may turn around to find the future has run out on us . ” – Michael Cibenko 
“There's a certain degree of disillusionment and disenchantment with how things stand today , but there's still a great love of the concept . ” 
John Danilovich 
Freedom , well , that's just some people talking . Your prison is walking through this world all alone . 
- The Eagles , Desperado 
I think today might be a good day !!! 
Scroll to the bottom of your Facebook page where it says in little blue letters , " English ( UK ) . " or " German " , or whatever you selected . Click on it . When the language box pops up , click on the arrow next to " English ( UK ) and select " English ( Pirate ) . " When you've stopped laughing , paste this as your status 
5 shots o ' rum ago · No longer agreein ' · Weigh in · Blabber t ' yer mates 
Children in the dark cause accidents , accidents in the dark cause children . 
" You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching , 
Love like you'll never be hurt , 
Sing like there's nobody listening , 
And live like it's heaven on earth . " 
— William W . Purkey 
" Love is the absence of judgment . " 
— Dalai Lama XIV 
Once divided , nothing left to subtract 
Some words , when spoken , can't be taken back 
" Pearl Jam " 
Thank you to my great friends who brought me a nice black coffee to the pool !!! So sweet !!! :) 
Mine is the night , with all her stars . ~ Edward Young 
“In the wild struggle for existance , we want to have something that endures , and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts , in the silly hope of keeping our place . ” 

Oscar Wilde 
going to have some tea , then off to bed , 
" Do not let your fire go out , spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swaps of the not-quite , the not-yet , and the not-at-all . Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach . The world you desire can be won . It exists .. it is real .. it is possible .. it's yours . " 
— Ayn Rand ( Atlas Shrugged ) 
For though I cannot fly , I'm not content to crawl . 
- Nine Days , If I Am 
" They always say time changes things , but you actually have to change them yourself . " 
Andy Warhol 
" I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong . I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls . I believe that tomorrow is another day , and I believe in miracles " 
— Audrey Hepburn 
If you smile when no one else is around , you really mean it . ~ Andy Rooney 
" Insanity is doing the same thing , over and over again , but expecting different results . " 
— Albert Einstein 
Suffering becomes beautiful when anyone bears great calamities with cheerfulness , not through insensibility but through greatness of mind . 
Aristotle 
“Hanging onto resentment is letting someone you despise live rent-free in your head . ” – Ann Landers 
" If you look for perfection , you'll never be content . " 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” 
Maria Robinson 
House clean and tidy , phewwwww , 
“I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . ” 
Robert McCloskey 
And she walked upon the edge of no return and laughed , I've lost control again ... 
- Joy Division 
" Some people feel the rain . Others just get wet . " 
— Bob Marley 
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on . ” – Havelock Ellis 
Good judgment comes from experience , unfortunately experience usually comes from bad judgment . 
Off to enter the gates of Hell :( 
Im going to smile and make you think I’m happy , I’m going to laugh , so you don’t see me cry , I’m going to let you go in style , and even if it kills me - I’m going to smile . 
" We end up stumbling our way through the forest , never seeing all the unexpected and wonderful possibilities and potentials because we're looking for the idea of a tree , instead of appreciating the actual trees in front of us . " 
— Charles de Lint 
Wednesday Morning , half way there , have a good day everyone ! 
" Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take , but by the moments that take our breath away . " 
Good girls go to heaven , bad girls go everywhere . 
Mae West 
" Some cause happiness wherever they go ; others whenever they go . " 
— Oscar Wilde 
" Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length . " 
— Robert Frost 
" Someday , somewhere - anywhere , unfailingly , you'll find yourself , and that , and only that , can be the happiest or bitterest hour of your life " 
— Pablo Neruda 
Almost Friday , only like 2 hours and 10 mins to go ...... 
" You can owe nothing , if you give back its light to the sun . " 
— Antonio Porchia 
Illusions commend themselves to us because they save us pain and allow us to enjoy pleasure instead . We must therefore accept it without complaint when they sometimes collide with a bit of reality against which they are dashed to pieces . ~ Sigmund Freud 
" A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you . " 
— Elbert Hubbard 
He that lives upon hope will die fasting . 
Benjamin Franklin 
The sun , though it passes through dirty places , yet remains as pure as before . 
Francis Bacon ( 1561 - 1626 ) 
" So we liked to speak our minds , but not our hearts . Too bad , because sometimes people needed to hear that . A whole mess of things could have been avoided if we just knew how to say the right thing . " 
— Mina V . Esguerra 
My journey is my journey , how can you comprehend 
That what becomes the truth for me is one I cannot lend 
Or even simply give away , because it is of me , 
It is of me , and me alone , not him , not her , not thee , 
A private part of who I am and what I represent , 
Impossible to understand from where your journey's sent . 
Yanis Bayada 
“Smile and others will smile back . Smile to show how transparent , how candid you are . Smile if you have nothing to say . Most of all , do not hide the fact you have nothing to say nor your total indifference to others . Let this emptiness , this profound indifference shine out spontaneously in your smile . ” 
Jean Baudrillard 
" It is not questionable that the dark always comes . What is questionable is the fact it blinds us , for there is always light in the world . " 
— Ambrose Fetch 
If you don't get lost , there's a chance you may never be found . 
~ Author Unknown 
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom . 
~ Anaïs Nin 
Off to go do !!! Will be nice to get out , all though it is freezing ..... 
" It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane . " 
— Philip K . Dick 
" Today you are You , that is truer than true . There is no one alive who is Youer than You . " 
" Life is short , Break the Rules . 
Forgive quickly , Kiss SLOWLY . 
Love truly . Laugh uncontrollably 
And never regret ANYTHING 
That makes you smile . " 
" I ask not for any crown 
But that which all may win ; 
Nor try to conquer any world 
Except the one within . " 
— Louisa May Alcott 
Sunday is going to be good ! Went to tims to buy a coffee , bought a coffee , and a tin of coffee , I think it is going to be the most wonderful day :) 
" Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night . " 
— Edgar Allan Poe 
" You are not wrong who deem 
That my days have been a dream ; 
Yet if hope has flown away 
In a night , or in a day , 
In a vision , or in none , 
Is it therefore the less gone ? 
All that we see or seem 
Is but a dream within a dream . " 
" True change is within ; leave the outside as it is . " 
" He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how . " 
— Friedrich Nietzsche 
" Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing 
and rightdoing there is a field . 
I'll meet you there . 
When the soul lies down in that grass 
the world is too full to talk about . " 
— Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi 
" All truth passes through three stages : First , it is ridiculed ; Second , it is violently opposed ; Third , it is accepted as self-evident . " 
— Arthur Schopenhauer 
" Rummaging in our souls , we often dig up something that ought to have lain there unnoticed . " 
Goodmorning & Happy Friday to all !!! 
" I have not failed . I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work . " 
— Thomas A . Edison 
“The trick is in what one emphasizes . We either make ourselves miserable , or we make ourselves happy . The amount of work is the same . ” 
Carlos Castaneda 
" If I had known then what I know now , I probably wouldn't know now what I didn't know then . " 
— Vonn Carp 
“I don't wish to be everything to everyone , but I would like to be something to someone . ” 
Javan 
The images of his infinite pasts and infinite futures washed over him as he waited , paralyzed , in the present . " 
— Jonathan Safran Foe 
" Everything is the way it is because everything was the way it was " 
— Jonathan Safran Foer 
" The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple . " 
" Sometimes you fight what you are , and sometimes you give in to it . And some nights you just don’t want to fight yourself anymore , so you pick someone else to fight . " 
— Laurell K . Hamilton 
Never thought that cutting up chicken wings would be so disgusting , anyone want to come and help , lol 
" It is easy to be heavy : hard to be light " 
— G . K . Chesterton 
" It is always the false that makes you suffer , the false desires and fears , the false values and ideas , the false relationships between people . Abandon the false and you are free of pain ; truth makes happy , truth liberates . " 
— Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj 
The contemplative life is often miserable . One must act more , think less , and not watch oneself live . ~ Nicolas Chamfort 
" Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into light . " 
" There are few times when we know with absolute certainty we are going to do something for the last time . Life has a way of moving in circles , bringing us back to places we didn’t expect 
and taking us away from those we do . There are too many times we don’t pay close enough attention , and moments are lost in our assumption we’ll have another chance . " 
— Megan Hart 
You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus . 
Mark Twain 
" I don't think that there are any limits to how excellent we could make life seem . " 
Good Morning everyone , have a great day ! Friday at last ! 
" The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts . " 
— Marcus Aurelies 
“The function of the imagination is not to make strange things settled , so much as to make settled things strange . ” 
G . K . Chesterton 
" I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . " 
" If you can't be a good example , you'll just have to be a horrible warning . " 
Jennifer Crusie 
" The truth will set you free , but first it will piss you off . " 
— Gloria Steinem 
Good Morning , & Happy Friday !!!! 
" Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss . " 
— - Douglas Adams 
" Moments into minutes . Minutes into hours . Hours into days . Days into years . Years into possibility . This will linger . " 
— David Levithan 
" What we think , or what we know , or what we believe is , in the end , of little consequence . The only consequence is what we do . " 
-- John Ruskin 
Good morning Monday , I think it is going to be a wonderful day ! :) 
" Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often . " 
" But it's such a waste ... You came to a place so near the sky but still can't see the stars . " 
— Detective Conan 
" First they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . " 
— Mahatma Gandi 
Good morning people ! Happy Thursday ! 
" You don't need a weatherman to know , which way the wind blows " 
— Bob Dylan 
The man who insists on seeing with perfect clearness before he decides , never decides . 
Henri-Frédéric Amiel 
Good morning everyone , Happy Friday !!!! 
The reward for conformity was that everyone liked you except yourself . 
Rita Mae Brown 
The best way out is always through . 
Robert Frost 
If you don't learn to laugh at trouble , you won't have anything to laugh at when you're old . 
Edgar Watson Howe 
Goodnight all , way to much excitement for this girl with the bad boys pulled up outside , lol , anyway been a nice friday ! x 
Though many people will go in and out of your heart only one will want to stay there . If you build a heart full of holes , think how much easier it is to hang on . 
" There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way . " 
— Christopher Morley 
I ran over a smurf at the dinner table because I'm sexy and I do what I want 
" Things don't go away . They become you . " 
— Darin Strauss 
" Can you see the power emotion has to distort our outlook ? Makes you wonder , did you have a bad day , or did you make it a bad day ? " 
— Brandon Mull 
" The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive , but in finding something to live for . " 
— Fyodor Dostoyevsky 
“The key is to get to know people and trust them to be who they are . Instead , we trust people to be who we want them to be- and when they're not , we cry . ” 
i hate all the mud that spring brings into my house , grrr , mopping floor again , this sucks ! 
Anyone have any recommendations for a good wide lens for a D90 , i am looking to spend no more than 1000.00 and would like something that is good quality . 
We learn something every day , and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong . 
Bill Vaughan 
" We either make ourselves miserable , or we make ourselves strong . The amount of work is the same . " 
— Carlos Castaneda 
I am soooo sick of cleaning , playroom almost done now , have been throwing away stuff all day , pretty soon it will be a new adult playroom , ha ha , no more garage parties , lol ! 
It's a shallow life that doesn't give a person a few scars . 
Garrison Keillor 
If everything seems under control , you're not going fast enough 
Mario Andretti 
There are two ways of spreading light : to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it . 
Edith Wharton 
" It's not because things are difficult that we don't dare ; It's because we don't dare that things are difficult . " 
— Seneque 
well , i can honestly say that this day has been far to long , Goodnight all , let Saturday be a wonderful day ! 
9:10 am and i made a point of sleeping in today !!! Now finally time for some coffee ! 
It's not what you look at that matters , It's what you see 
-Henry David Thoreau- 
Sometimes we do a thing in order to find out the reason for it . Sometimes our actions are questions not answers . 
John Le Carre 
" The sea will wash away our footprints but not the fact we made them . " 
— Marty Rubin 
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves , and it is not possible to find it elsewhere . 
Agnes Repplier 
While we have the gift of life , it seems to me that only tragedy is to allow part of us to die - whether it is our spirit , our creativity , or our glorious uniqueness . 
Gilda Radner 
The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is . 
Desiderius Erasmus 
" When angry , count four . When very angry , swear . " 
There are two kinds of ligh t--t he glow that illuminates , and the glare that obscures . 
James Thurber 
" Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option " 
-Mark Twain- 
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length . 
" ... in this ocean of hours I'm all the time drinking ... " 
“Nobody deserves your tears , but whoever deserves them will not make you cry . ” 
Gabriel Garcia Marquez 
Good morning & Happy Friday everyone , have a great weekend ! 
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning . 
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time . 
" There are only two ways to live your life . One is as though nothing is a miracle . The other is as though everything is a miracle . " 
" When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky . " 
— Buddah 
If you don't know where you are going , you will probably end up somewhere else . 
Laurence J . Peter 
" Freedom of speech does not protect you from the consequences of saying stupid shit . " 
— Jim C . Hines 
" To Know others is perceptive , 
to know yourself is wise . 
To conquer others is forceful , 
to conquer yourself is strong . " 
— Laotzi 
" So as you laugh , you learn . As you listen , you question . And as you stretch your mind , you may feel something akin to love . " 
— Amy Reiter 
" Sometimes you wonder , in an interconnected universe , who's dreaming who ? " 
— Grant Morrison 
" Don't be reckless with other people's hearts . Don't put up with people who are reckless with yours . " 
— Jimi Hendrix 
“There comes a time when suddenly you realize that laughter is something you remember and that you were the one laughing” 
Marlene Dietrich 
Happy mothers day to all the mamas ! 
" The highest and most beautiful things in life are not to be heard about , nor read about , nor seen , but if one will , are to be lived . " 
— Soren Kierke-Gaard 
" You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see , but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel . " 
Tabitha Suzuma 
" If you think of this world as a place simply intended for our happiness , you find it quite intolerable : think of it as a place for training and correction and it's not so bad . " 
— C.S. Lewis 
" In the end 
these things matter most : 
How well did you love ? 
How fully did you live ? 
How deeply did you let go ? " 
— Siddh ? rtha Gautama 
Happy Tuesday , now the week begins , lol 
If you can find something everyone agrees on , it's wrong . 
Mo Udall 
" You don't think your way into a new kind of living . You live your way into a new kind of thinking . " 
— Henri J.M. Nouwen 
" Imperfection is beauty , madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . " 
" Stand up at sunrise and meet what they send you . " 
— Reynolds Price 
" if there is something to desire , 
there will be something to regret , 
if there is something to regret , 
there is will be something to recall , 
if there is something to recall , 
there was nothing to regret , 
if there was nothing to regret , 
there was nothing to desire . " 
— Vera Pavlova 
Had a great time watching and Photographing the Redneck Betties Breakout Bout , was alot of fun , Congrats Girls on kicking ass !!! 
" You couldn't argue the facts ; you could only change the lens through which you looked at them " . " 
— Jodi Picoult 
" Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity . " 
— Karl Lagerfeld 
Resentment slowly poisoned my blood and I laughed at myself and my absurd hopes . " 
— Carlos Ruiz Zafón 
tommorow im outta here 
To Camp or not not camp that is the question , hmmmm , it is going to be rather chilly out at the lake this weekend !! Will see ...... 
" Happiness always looks small while you hold it in your hands , but let it go , and you learn at once how big and precious it is " 
— Maxim Gorky 
Fridge cleaned , groceries put away , floors vacummed & Mopped , and just a little laundry to go , and then possibly night at the lake , 
" To Live is to struggle , To survive is to find the meaning in the struggling ! " 
— Haki 
" Every book has a last page " 
— Robin Sikarwar 
" Do not breathe simply to exist . " 
— Mattie J.T. Stepanek 
" You can know the whole world and still feel lost in it . " 
— Mitch Albom 
Off to have some fun , Hope everyone has a great evening ! :) 
Good Morning , sun is finally shining , warm outside , and for the first time in days no rain ! Looks like this might be a beautiful day , fingers crossed !! :) 
Only in the early morning light of day , and of life , can we see the world without its shadows . Truth requires new beginnings . ~ Jeb Dickerson 
“We must not cease from exploration . And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we began and to know the place for the first time . ” – T . S . Eliot 
Until you've lost your reputation , you never realize what a burden it was . 
Margaret Mitchell 
coffee time :) Good Morning ! 
Don't throw away the old bucket until you know whether the new one holds water . 
Swedish Proverb 
Coffee taking forever to make , think im going to go crazy :( 
Bring on the thunderstorm !!!! :) 
hmm think its coffee time again , need a pick me upper 
hmmm to baseball or not to baseball , with now a tornado watch , not sure if i wanna go lol 
We are born charming , fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society . 
Judith Martin 
Nite all , Happy Friday begins soon ! :) 
Waiting for the coffee , that never seems to be there when i need it , hopefully soon ! I hope everyone is having a wonderful day , I think it is going to be a rainy one :( 
Just got home from having an amazing time with Chad & Farah !! Only regret , wish i couldve stayed longer lol , have a good one , and I cant wait to do it again ! ~ 
amazingggg day & night wow this has turned out perfect 
me a very happy girl 
The intermediate stage between socialism and capitalism is alcoholism . 
Norman Brenner 
gnite all x 
Such a nice day today , was nice for the sun to stop by for a visit , 
" Price is what you pay . Value is what you get . " 
— Ben Graham 
" Your reason and your passion are your rudder and sails of your seafaring soul . If either be broken , you could but toss and drift or else be held at a standstill amid seas . For reason , running alone , is a force confining . And passion , unattended , is a flame that burns to its own destruction . " 
— Kahlil Gabrin 
" Housework can't kill you , but why take a chance ? " 
— Phyllis Diller 
" Never imagine yourself not to be otherswise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise then what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise . " 
— Lewis Carroll ( Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass ) 
Good Morning & Happy Friday !!! 
" All that glitters is not gold . " 
— William Shakespeare 
" This is how it works . You're young until you're not . You love until you don't . You try until you can't . You laugh until you cry . You cry until you laugh . And everyone must breathe until their dying breath . " 
— Regina Spektor 
A photograph is a secret about a secret . The more it tells you , the less you know . " 
— Peter Gasser 
Sleepover party was a huge success , kids were up all night , and now it is 7:30 am and this house is silent , it is nice to sit here and enjoy some coffee before all the commotion starts , Happy Sunday everyone ! 
Our greatest pretenses are built up not to hide the evil and the ugly in us , but our emptiness . The hardest thing to hide is something that is not there . 
Eric Hoffer 
Time for another busy day , with work , swimming lessons , baseball practice , I cant wait for summer to get here ! :) Have a great day all ! 
" Spring has its hundred flowers , Autumn its many moons . Summer has cool winds , Winter its snow . If useless thoughts do not cloud your mind , each day is the best of your life . " 
— Wu-Men-Hui-Kai 
Somthing I like : moby the artist he is great 
Something I dont like : men lol , they are a pain in the ass 
something I love : music 
Something Bad : men hee hee 
Like My status and I will give you a letter ! 
2 seconds ago · Like 
Goodnight , time to sleep , sooo exhausted !!!!! 
" For lonely people , rain is a chance to be touched . " 
— Simon Van Booy 
Do what you love , love what you do , leave the world a better place and don't pick your nose . 
Jeff Mallett , 
Last day of swimming today !!! Yay !!! couple more baseball games ! ~ Looks like it is summer holidays real soon ! :) 
Good morning & Happy Friday !!!!!! 
What a long rainy day this is , hope the sun starts to shine have a shoot to do tommorow :( 
Does anyone know what is going on in Weyburn ? 
Can this day get any worse , now leaking roof , geeeezzzz 
Fight Time !!!! yay , haha , have a great night everyone !!! 
Good Morning Everyone , still no sun , but wind is gone and no rain yet ! Happy Fathers day to all the daddys out there !!! Have a great one !!!! 
Thinking it is time for a movie , that is what Sundays are for ! :) 
Take everything you like seriously , except yourselves . 
Rudyard Kipling 
" I'm very down to Earth , I'm just not from this Earth . " 
" Love looks not with the eyes , but with the mind . " 
Strange as it seems , no amount of learning can cure stupidity , and higher education positively fortifies it . 
Stephen Vizinczey 
Trying to explain to my 4 year son why he cant have a baby in his tummy :P 
“Strength does not come from physical capacity . It comes from an indomitable will . ” 
Mahatma Gandhi 
This Karma machine only takes quarters . 
Mathew Good Band 
Good Morning , Happy Friday , sun is shining , rain is done , going to be a great day ! 
Good morning ! Hope everyone as a great Saturday ! I am So excited to check out the kite festival today , have never been to one before , will be sure to snap many photos ! 
got stung from poisonous plants in weed garden , this sucks , half done cutting hedges and starting to rain , to short to cut the middle of hedges , now what am i gonna do :( 
" Live today -- tomorrow is where it belongs . " 
— L.C. Russell 
1 more day of school , 3 days of work , 3 more days to go and camping time begins ! yay !!! :) 
The cruelest lies are often told in silence . 
Robert Louis Stevenson 
Good morning everyone ! Going to be a busy day today , two grad shoots to do this afternoon , and last day of school !! Hopefully the weather holds up all day !!! 
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything . 
Eugene Delacroix 
One more day ( today ) and im outta here !!!! Summer at last !!! 
Going to fair ! Pics to follow soon !!! 
nite all ........ 
Almost done packing ! Think its time to go !!! Happy Canada Day tommorow !!! Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend !!! :) 
happy friday everyone !!! Have a great weekend !!! 
On my way back to lake ! It is going to be a great weekend Im thinking !!! 
Enjoy yourself . It's later than you think . 
" Change what cannot be accepted and accept what cannot be changed . " 
— Reinhold Niebuhr 
have not had the best day so far :( but going to be doing some pics with a great friend and her totally adorable babies , think things are looking up this afternoon !!! 
Back to the lake , fingers crossed no nasty storms tonite , not looking so nice out there ! 
Happy Friday everyone ! 
" Some people say the glass is half full others say it is half empty i say are you going to drink that ? " 
— IDK 
" Give me but a firm spot on which to stand , and I shall move the earth . " 
— Archimedes 
Sitting out and tanning must be like +40 out here today ! 
Good morning Everyone , think it is going to be a wonderful cloudy day !!! 
Does anyone here in Swift know of a good contractor that does vinyl siding ? this town sucks ass , it is impossible to find one , and I'm afraid our roof will collapse by the time we do ! 
" A fall from such a height is rarely straight downwards . " 
— Victor Hugo 
The thought manifests as the word ; 
The word manifests as the deed ; 
The deed develops into habit ; 
And habit hardens into character ; 
So watch the thought and its ways with care , 
And let it spring from love 
Born out of concern for all beings 
As the shadow follows the body , 
As we think , so we become . 
Buddha 
how the hell does a person spend 30.00 at tim hortons for soup and sandwiches , oops , lmao 
I know can't wait to see everyone ! 
Thanks Shannon ! Hope ur having a great day ! 
" The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost . " 
— G.K. Chesterton 
" What can't be helped must be endured . " 
— Wendell Berry 
Hope doesn't come from calculating whether the good news is winning out over the bad . It's simply a choice to take action . 
Anna Lappe 
Beyond this place of wrath and tears 
Looms but the Horror of the shade , 
And yet the menace of the years 
Finds , and shall find , me unafraid . 
It matters not how strait the gate , 
How charged with punishments the scroll , 
I am the master of my fate : 
I am the captain of my soul . " 
-from Invictus " 
— William Ernest Henley 
“The beginning is always today . ” 
— Mary Wollstonecraft 
" Once you hear something , you can never return to the time before you heard it . " 
Watching thundercats sipping on an extra lrg coffee , hmmm seems like a perfect Start to a boring Sunday ! Have a great day everyone ! 
" Have your adventures , make your mistakes , and choose your friends poorly -- all these make for great stories . " 
— Chuck Palahniuk 
Happy Friday Everyone ! 
“There are years that ask questions and years that answer . ” 
— Zora Neale Hurston 
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry , show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile . 
- Unknown 
“Perversity is the human thirst for self-torture . ” 
? Edgar Allan Poe 
“That's the best revenge of all : happiness . Nothing drives people crazier than seeing someone have a good fucking life . ” 
? Chuck Palahniuk 
Happy Friday , hope this is a great day for everyone ! 
Dear Facebook , 
could you please let me comment on my own wall under the snow patrol video ? 
Kind Regards 
Min McGreg ( lol ) 
“The Doors Open at 7 , The trouble begins at 8 . ” 
? Mark Twain 
" Do not be afraid to dream a little bigger darling ! " 
- Inception 
Let Coffee time Officially begin !!!! :P 
I have a simple philosophy . Fill what's empty . Empty what's full . And scratch where it itches . 
Alice Roosevelt Longworth 
Sunday please fast forward yourself and make it Monday ...................... 
