i am hungry 
Min värld är gelé . 
class cancelled i don't like unstructured time , when I am supposed to have scheduled time , because i know nothing will be done 
Mitt namn på frågesport från http://oxie.com är nu : CHi 
vit som snö 
I am sitting by the computer , 6 feet behind me is a guitar , and it just made a A-flat sound . weird . I'm going to bed before I start hearing more things . 
urgh curvy typefaces , pain in the A ** 
need to dye my hair or something 
smått uttråkad , jao 
what now !? 
Men jag fann ingen ro i era led , inget skäl att dela med mig mer 
Och jag fann ingenting som höll mig sövd , ingenting som släckte längtans törst 
I just want to make music , not do homework .. 
He's in line ! God is everywhere that is crazy , he's ten years old , isn't that ogo - jazzy in the car 

( don't ask me what ogo means I have no idea , and apparently neither has jazzy , I asked ) 
I type in f in my browser , I was thinking of going to flashback.org but I ended up on facebook , screw you facebook 
I felt a cleaving in my mind 
As if my brain had split 
I tried to match it seam by seam 
Bur could not make them fit . 
The thought behind , I strove to join 
Unto the thought before 
But sequence ravelled out of sound 
Like balls upon a floor . 
Emily Dickinson 
What us everyone doing ?! I want to do something ! 
Felt like I spent sunday afternoon in Greece . 
must stop falling in love with JGL . 
Took the longboard out for a date . 
http://pressanykey.com/cgi-bin/jquiz.cgi 
Multitasking : watching caprica , reading with the light , on wikipedia and on facebook and then all the things going on in my brain ... 
I move from place to place , a life of nameless faces , 
Looking for some place that I'd call home , 
I'd always be moving on ; 
Always trying to find some place I could call mine , 
But that never came my way and the feelings was there to stay , 
Not knowing who I used to be . 
I look in the mirror , in the face looking back I see . . . 
" Don't know . Who is me ? " 
- Donna Williams 
i always start feeling awesome when the sun goes down .. 
In my beginning is my end . 
Brilliant one weekend left to work in the darkroom and I haven't even started shooting yet , hopefully the guy I asked to model for me pulls through . I've got awesome pictures in my head over how I want it to look , now I have to execute it . 
Had an awesome photoshoot with S . From now on I will always use him as a model . Hopefully the two rolls of film we shoot will turn out decent . 
urg the photo-lab closed early today :( I was really looking forward to develop and work on my prints . 
