Somehow , i have a feeling that I'm going to need Facebook more this year ... and sorry for dropping out of contact with most people this summer 
Happy Thanksgiving . I'm Bored . 
No School Again !!! 
Happy New Years Everyone !!! 
I am officially sick 
Combat Arms . First Game , 8 minutes , 10 kills , 3rd place ; Recruit Server . Got Case , then had to cut off to go to a cello lesson . Success ? 
Snow Day this Friday too 
Anyone know who teaches Digital Electronics ? And anyone know if it's a good course / if it's even taught ? 
ALL PARKWAY SCHOOLS CLOSED TUESDAY , FEBRUARY 1 
Contents of Yesterday : Install new drivers , flash BIOS , format all but one HD , which includes uninstalling all my 3 useless out of date OS's , set my CMOS options , redid partitions , installed Windows 7 again , uninstalled it , reinstalled it , uninstalled it , redid my CMOS again , installed it once more , and now am installing all my programs again . 
It's Done ! All the pictures are up ! Your New Feeds are safe again ( sorry about that) ! 
is realizing how few of the characters from the last couple harry potter movies I remember the look of off the top of my head , since I was too busy criticizing the crappy movie plot/lack of it compared to the books , when I was watching the movies . 
Why can't the forecast have been right , just this once ? I hate lack of freezing rain tonight ! 
Ack , study for Wednesday ... 
Alright , I like snow , and I like snowdays , but if we cancel Monday too cause of the snow Saturday/Sunday , I'm going to be legitimately annoyed . 
Becky Chen , Liyang Yingyangyo Gu , Iris Yang . 

??. 
Snow . Snow . Snow . Snow . SNOW DAMN IT ! 
Debate Tournament Complete . Interesting organization . 
Updated it to one from last week . I'm wondering if the last picture was better . 
I go MIA on Saturday 
Chem Final OVER !!! YES !!! YES !!! YES !!! 
IT'S OVER !!! IT'S ALL FINALLY OVER !!! 
I'm back 
Dislikes the new photo display . It doesn't match the white and blue theme of Facebook . 
did they just take off the infinite campus schedules , or is it just me ? 
The first thunder I heard sounded like it broke my neighbor's window or something . Actually , scratch that ; it sounded like it broke my window . 
Boredom . 
SNOW !!! SNOW DAY ! 
At : 
277ft above sea level 
35 deg 56 ' 32 " N 
89 deg 52 ' 59 " 
Speed : 0mph . We broke something 
Dang it , college searching is really annoying . Why do none of their sites have any sort of minimum guidelines ?! 
Why are so many of us still up ...? 
Thanks , birthday messagers ! 
It's either facebook , my browser , or both . Whichever it is , fb is acting really screwy for me . 
Last night of the cruise : Karaoke night with 2 of the college girls with us 
MJ's Billie Jean 
Billy Joel's Piano Man 
Coldplay's Viva la Vida 
Dancing . 
Awesome 
You know , there's something wrong when your medieval army of 67 people is holding off the army of 1200 . I mean , the ratio isn't quite as bad as the 300 , but it's close . And I don't even have the advantage of simply having to hold a small corridor . 
1/2 to 3/4 inches of ice ... then 6 to 12 inches of snow ... 
Dang , my wall right now really , really makes me feel like I converted to Facebook stalking ... 
Wtf . Why was I just woken up by a hailstorm hitting my window in 56 degree weather ?! 
So . I went on a ship and spent a day in Mexico and ate seafood in New Orleans . It all was quite nice . 
Now , I come back to St. Louis , and what's the first thing to happen ? I get a cold . 
There seems to be a small problem here . 
Alright , I think the uploader stalled on me . It's been stuck at 191 of 200 for like , 20 minutes now 
Inability To Find Good Books To Read 
Alright . I'm happy that we have no school , and it is currently doing the freezing rain thing , but ... So far this has got to be the most disappointing storm of the century this entire century . 
Alright , first 2 days of 7 total uploaded from my Europe trip 
Alright ! Only one day's photos left ! That's 1309 more pictures in 8 albums , which I'll upload tomorrow . 
Fixed it ! Sort of ... It still stalls , but I just start from where it stalled . 
Yay . Let us now celebrate one more year taken off the lifespan of Earth . Only ~ 7599999997 more years to go . 
Facebook seems to be able to handle it now , so it's time for me to upload my Europe photos ! 
I've finally updated my profile pic . This one's only out of date by two months ! 
I took way too many pictures in the Vatican ... and the coming 1196 aren't even all of them ... There were a bunch more with the other camera ... 
Part of disclaimer for a note : 
Blame English class for all depressing views expressed . They are what the school deems to call " English , " despite how it has nothing to do with the language and in most cases examples used go against English grammatical structure . 
Alright . I think I've begun to remember some of my dreams recently . The problem here is that all the ones I remember seem to involve me falling , being injured , or being attacked ... What happened to happy dreams ? 
Does anyone know what the heck the National Youth Leadership Forum on National Security is supposed to be ? 
Finally decided that it'd be worth it at this point to get an ipod . Now hating the fact that I need itunes for it . 
World of Tanks closed beta . Awesome . 
Going through deleting unwanted old fb messages . Discovering that I really shouldn't have all of them there instead of deleting them . 
I just did a full , careful cleaning of my computer with canned air . Aside from freezing my hand to both cans at various points , I also managed to drop my CPU running temperature by about 15 degrees Celsius . Danged Intel CPU cooler fins collect dust like nobody's business . 
Just had dinner at Charlie Gitto's . The place that replaced Uno's recently . 
I learned two things : 
1 . It's a relatively high class place 
2 . Veal really isn't that good , at least there . 
Green Hornet was totally not that good . It defied automobile physics , it defied gun physics , it defied it's own stated laws of durability , it had no significant character development , and the ending was one of the most terrible endings ever . I'm currently rating it just above Chinese Dramas , that's how bad it is . 
is sick and it sucks . 
So , I was just driving my sister and her friend to Delmar . This is the account of driving in the storm , on 40 and 170 , at 9:30 - 10:15 pm today 
I was , firstly , driving mostly at around 40-50 mph . I kept slipping . I swear I felt my tires slip at least 30 times . My slip warning light went off 5 times . I had enough water thrown on my windshield by other cars to drown a couple horses in . 
Alright , Thanks everyone for the birthday messages 
I'm currently posting at : 
37 deg 44 ' 40 " N 
89 deg 54 ' 35 " W 
at 76.3 mph 
I'm now posting at 75mph is South Missouri ! 
I had a total visibility of about 5 meters . 
The freaking 18 wheelers kept pulling past me , so I was freaked out that one would hydroplane and roll over me or something . Note : an 18 wheeler rolling over an SUV is not usually a good thing for the SUV . 
Worst of all : The rain let up a fair bit once i finally got back on Olive . 
New Orleans . French Quarter . Fine dining = Pretty good , though fairly slow . Took us three hours to get through appetizer , main course , and dessert . There was jazz though , so that helps make up for that . Finally , they fulfilled the goal of fine dining . I wanted to just lay there with my eyes closed afterwards . Wonderful . Except for the mustard that smelled like horseradish . 
I really do like the rain . Unless I'm trying to drive in it in the dark , just to qualify my last two statuses . 
Lunch at 5 guys burgers and fries ; when I took out my burger my first thought was , " Is this a freaking softball wrapped in tin-foil or something ? " 
So ... I think I melted off part of my fingerprints on my index fingers this morning when I was working with the NaOH again . 
95 on the gov final without studying ! Celebration ! 
So , it looks like Debate just dropped off my schedule for the next couple weeks ... 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I learned about you by looking at your wall , 2 . The color you remind me of , 3 . My first memory of you , 4 . The animal you remind me of , 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you , 6 . My favorite thing about you , 7 . Give you a weird nickname , 8 . Challenge you to post this as your status 
Off the cruise . Now posting while driving at 72mph in Alabama . Will be back within 3 days , probably 
Thanksgiving . BREAK ! 
Forecast has now moved the Freezing Rain to start early Monday morning , and continue essentially throughout the day and into Tuesday morning . Early Tuesday morning it is predicted to shift from freezing rain into snowfall , later building on high winds around 20mph , and continuing through part of Wednesday . 
Snow Days much ? 
The most outrageous non-workstation design from Falcon Northwest . Costs $ 23,929 . 36 to get . It's specs are similar to my earlier post , but it features significantly better cooling and design . Custom built , all good reviews . Insanity . The place even paints the case for you , with flame design option . 
Gah . I put a six pack of Dr. Pepper on my computer instead of the other office chair 10 minutes ago , straight from the garage . It's already warm . 
Note to Parkway Central Debaters : Our lunch stop wants cash or check , and does not accept credit . 
What's with the harassment going on this weekend ? 
Alright . I can understand why Parkway didn't release very early ( stupid 2 minutes ... ) , but that doesn't mean I like it . 
AAAAANND WE'RE BACK ! 
The most powerful shoe box ever constructed , from Falcon Northwest . Costs $ 12,568 . 00 to get . It's literally the size of a large shoe box ... and it's almost as powerful as the custom build I have way down the wall . Note that this guy actually has several terabytes of solid state drives . Put into a RAID 0 configuration . 
Btw , Note to all : 
You can expect another picture flood ( smaller this time ) in a week or so . 
Now back in Missouri ! Another few hours to home ! 
Got the call again ! Right as I was talking with Jiayi Jacy Chen about having a snow day too ! 
Alright . Had 3 snow days to work . Just finished Chem Webassign due in an hour . Now only English and Physics left , out of Chem , English , and Physics . 
Springfield for Debate . 
Pocket watches are awesome . Unfortunately , it seems way too many cost over $1000 . Dang it , I'm just gonna go with one of the $30 ones from Amazon or something ... 
The most outrageous design from Falcon Northwest at all . Costs $ 34,447 . 41 to get . It's specs are of the sort you expect to see doing visual protein modelling . Or analyzing the pictures from the orbital x-ray satellites . It uses 3 of the most powerful graphics processors on the consumer market . It has 13 solid state drives , and 4 hard drives . It comes with overclocking . Same case and design as the previous . 
And Parkway is now closed Wednesday , the 2nd 
Snow Day ! 
It's gonna be a beautiful time getting to and from debate tomorrow . Below +20 Degrees wind chill and possibly snowing lightly . I knew I should have gotten the wool suit . 
" U.S.A. United Society of Asians " Simon Lu 
Cleverbot fail ! I totally got it to admit it's a program ! 
Starting with the bot . 
I don't . 
Don't what ? 
Don't like your voice . 
We're conversing through text conveyed through a network of servers in the form of single bits . What voice are you talking about ? 
I don't think I have been programmed to discuss that . Have you checked the weather ? 
Just took the ACT + writing . I'd forgotten how boring those 15 minutes at the end of each of the multiple choice parts were , when I'm done and just waiting for the time to end . 
20 inches of snow ? More like 2 inches . I think more snow melted and was blown away overnight than snowed all of yesterday . 
Damn , I hate this week . 
Sarah Yeji Kim , Simon Lu 
Sent it , finally . Sorry I forgot ... 
Pocket Watch has arrived ! Now I just need to figure out how to use the belt clip without damaging the belt ! 
You know you debate too much when after a long tournament taking up two entire days of your life , you go home and only think about revising your cases . 
First time I've been texting enough all day that I ran out of battery in under 6 hours . 
Unknown is annoying similar to the Bourne trilogy . And it has really messed up effects . What kind of car explodes on contact with the ground after falling from a parking garage and ends up looking like it imploded ? It didn't help that the explosion originated in front of and above the fuel tank , around where the van's middle row headrests are , instead of near the fuel tank or fuel line . 
Dang it , why does every morning keep getting colder ?! We're supposed to be beginning spring , not fall ! 
Alright , here goes Day 2 of NFL districts . I can't afford to lose another round from here on out . So , now , I'm gonna go get a good night's sleep and ... Ah shit , there's a physics webassign due . 
3 hour nap . Still tired . Still sick . Dang it . 
Already out of the running for MSHSAA last night . 
I should be doing my homework and studying for my quizzes tomorrow ... But instead I find myself looking for something to do on here . Not actually doing anything yet , just searching for something besides homework and studying to do . 
I need to find a good SMG or two to wear with my debate suit . People tell me I look like I'm in the mafia when I wear it , and I need to live up to that . 
It's spring break !... Eh , somehow I don't feel a big change from anything . 
There's nothing quite like the headache you get after driving for 3 hours straight , twice in one day . 
Who knows some good local places to visit outside downtown StL ? 
Correction to Earlier Post : Who knows some good local places to visit in the counties around here ? 
Dang it . I just realized something bad . Responding to pokes is now an automatic process for me . 
Time to go touring the ... next few states over to the right . I'll probably be responding more to text and calls and less to facebook and emails then . 
I'm back ! 
Nothing like driving through 4 states to learn how to handle cross country driving in all conditions . 
Dang it , why must the weather do this ? The flowers just bloomed ! 
