BUGSY MALONE : For all those involved in the school production of Bugsy Malone , be sure to check out www.bcbugsy.co.nr for the rehearsal schedule , cast list , updates and stuff like that ;) 
My goodness . R.I.P. Mr. Jackson . His musical ability was nothing short of spectacular . I've never appreciated his music until now . 
Just watched an awesome movie called ' Infamous ' . It was so very good ! One of those one of a kind movies . Go get it ! 
Bugsy Malone starts tomorrow night ! Yay ! FYI cast ; check out our bcbugsy website for final information regarding rehearsals and everything else . Thanks guys ! 
hmmm ... Pizza Hut pizza is goooooood . 
Is off to see the Wizard ! The wonderful Wizard of Oz ! 
Absolute LOL @ Whose Line tonight ! Man do I love Colin Mochrie !! 
Just joined the official ' The Nanny ' facebook group . Where have I been ? 
Should really be sudying !! 
Is excited ! Off to see Cats tonight !! Break a leg cast & crew !! - Saw your excellent review in the paper too , can't wait ! 
Oh completely forgot today ... Least we forget ... the people of 9/11 
Wow ! Cats ! What to say ?!?! It was absolutely FANTASTIC ! LOVED IT ! 
Google Maps imagery has been updated for * most * of New Zealand . Photos appear to have been taken earlier in March ( thereabouts ) this year , I've read . 
Knows your parents are a bit out of it when * watching Katy Perry on Campbell Live * Dad asks , who's Katy Perry ? And I walk pass and say " I kissed a girl and I liked it " , and Mum & Dad both stare at me urging me to say it again as if they didn't hear it , so I stop walking and say it again " I kissed a girl and I liked it " , then Mum * staring atMe * asks " What ? " , I shamefully said " It's her hit song ! " Goodness gracious lol 
Oh my goodness gracious me ... I just watched a doco on YouTube about the Westboro Baptist Church . What an awful and sick place that is . Search ' the most hated family in america ' ( 8 parts ) . There's also many amazingly sad interviews and videos about it on YouTube too . Just had to share my disgust . 
Due to a case of over excitement at the Telecom store this evening ( swapping my number over to the new network ) , my cell phone is inactive until further notice ,... when I get my new phone . This is likely to be early next week . I'll keep ya'll posted . 
Man ! Watato was AWESOME !! 
Yussssss ... Got the restricted ! 8 ) 
cannot wait for our school to do Whose Line is it anyway ? #2 ! 
And wala ! I'm off to Auckland ! See you soon André ! 
Just in case my email doens't reach everyone , my Gmail account was hacked this morning . A Nigerian hacker sent an email claiming to be me at 6:57 AM to more than 240 people . Please ignore it . I've now regained full access however , after contacting Google and explaining the situation . Have a great Friday everyone ! 
feels so much lighter .... ( pressure wise ) 
Ok ... I'm putting it out there ... this weekend is going to be absolutely awesome !!!! I am soooooooooooooooooo looking forward to it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
? Time To Say Goodbye ? 
OK !!!! In celebration of a Jenny's birthday , and The Nanny returning to TV , we have to do this ... One line at a time guys ! Ok !... I'll start !! She was working in a bridal shop in Flushing , Queens ; 
is looking for someone to play some the piano for me while I sing . I was given a beautiful book of Frank Sinatra sheet music , however I cannot play it :-( 
Hoo haa ! The Nanny is back onto our TV screens ! 5PM weekdays , TV2 . 
" Click the Apply button to see how the changes appear on your page . " 
I'm quite excited about the new Mobile Network coming out this August ! 2 degrees Mobile 
Hmm ! Go to Google , then without typing in anything , click the ' I'm Feeling Lucky ' button . Woohoo ! 
Wow ! I've just got my iPhone 3GS ! It's soooo ..... fancy . * drools * 
I'm Not Harry Jenson 
Who's going to the Waitoto quior thing tonight at the college ? 
? You make me feel like dancing ! ? 
Does anybody else love the TV show Hotel Babylon ?? 
Tsunami warnings ?? Goodness .... Woke up at 9:00 am to find there was an earthquake causing tsunami warnings , but [ as usual ] nothing happened , well for Tauranga anyway . Man , one sleep in , and you miss the whole world going into crisis . 
Catch me @ The Bridge Bistro & Bar on Friday and Saturday nights ( rotates ) from 7pm . Upcoming nights : Saturday 20th March , then Friday 26th ;-) 
? Perhaps I had a wicked childhood ; Perhaps I had a miserable youth ? 
Meanwhile ,.. Late 80s Mercedes ... OMGosh ! Wow ! 
Sooooo can't wait for Toy Story 3 ! I think it comes out in June , who's keen ?!! You know its good when its Pixar :) 
If you're a man and under 170cm ( 5 foot 7 inches ) , or a lady under 158cm ( 5 foot 2 inches ) , you should apply to be a Hobbit ;P . Today , 2-4pm at the Queen Elizabeth Youth Centre , cnr Davenport Road & 11th Avenue , Tauranga . Good luck ! 
Likes getting phone calls opening with " Welcome to the team , you got the job " from The Warehouse 8 ) 
R.I.P. Michael Jackson ! 
We'll Meet Again ? 
Let's all win a PS3 :P , go to the FB page of United Video , write on their wall " New fan , suggested by Reuben Simpson " 
Writing the words ' New Fan ' ensures your entry , adding my name helps me as I'm your referrer :P . Good luck ! 
Jenny Mcdonald-Tohill , Lisa Wagner . Awwwwww ... 
I just happened to flick on to TV2 tonight and watched the last ten 
minutes of The Nanny . And what episode should it be ? - The Wedding !!! It was 
wonderful ! I can't believe after five years they're finally married ( again mind 
you lol ) . Niles and CC have just the most perfect of moments , loved it when 
they danced together :D . 
Brighton : " Uh , I didn't do my homework , " Fran : " Why are you telling me ? " Brighton : " Because I need to be punished . " LOL . 
Was rather embarrassed at McDonalds drive thru this evening ... I ordered a 60 cent icecream , but when I rolled up to the first window , swiped my card , it declined ,.. twice :/ The man who was oh , -so busy and couldn't crack a smile , once he realized I was screwed , yelled to the kitchen in a stern voice , " cancel the ice cream ! His card declined ! " ( Continued in comments ) 
Gary Coleman dead as of today . 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/REST-IN-PEACE-GARY-COLEMAN/125828324111617 
Prima Donna ! First lady of the stage ! Your devotees are on their knees to implore you ... 
Loves dunking ginger nuts in his coffee . 
? You Are The Sunshine Of My Life ? 
? No need to ask he's a smooth operator ? 
Meanwhile , if you can remember in October last year , my email account was hacked by a Nigerian hacker who sent fraudulent emails requesting money to most of my contacts . In April this year I conducted some research , and managed to send off an email ' report ' to the French Police . 
? There's a Summer Place ? 
? Where it may rain or storm ? 
? Yet I'm safe and warm ... ? 
Rather enjoyed shopping for clothes this evening . 
Tauranga Hopper buses are free every Saturday during November ;-) 
? Papa Loves Mambo ? 
Only two months Jenny Mcdonald-Tohill , until we see Michael Buble live in Australia :-) 
So Mr. David Hasselhoff ( yes , Baywatch and AGT fellow ) is coming to town in two weeks time ... Wow ! 
