my night just freed up so whats up ? 
its 4:20 . time to figure out the meaning of life . 
fml 
so come to find out there are a few people that aren't happy with me and a certain someone hanging out lately . FYI its nobodies business what we do . were happy and having a good time and were not doing anything stupid . so quit the drama that's why i stopped hanging out at places like waffle house in the first place . k thx bye . 
its effin cold outside and i love it 
effin trazadone just made me thirsty as hell 
Oh this sounds like fun , guess its kinda like Truth Box thing ... choose a number between 1-500 in my inbox & I will write something about you in my status with your number . Let the ... fun begin ! 
long weekend glad to b home 
i guess 8 am is a good bedtime .... :-/ 
so there's this really amazing girl i know and just the fact that she talks to me after all the shit i put her through is just simply amazing to me . i may be permanently in her doghouse but I'm fine with that . 
Sorryeveryone . I'm not superstitious but this October has 5 Fridays 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is known as money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days , based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ...... will be without money . I cannot let that person be me . Copy within 11 min ... hope it works 
just got home from an awesome night with kerstein . we went to see case 39 which was pretty bad ass . her cars battery died tho and we were stuck in the target parking lot for an hour and a half but AAA came and jumped it off . 
bout to go to the bar with Justin Oalmann and Kristal Blady 
just got my haircut finished i feel so much better now 
Dear 
Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers 
starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save 
money ? While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the 
people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we 
continue raising pay for those who take norisks and reap the benefits ? 
i think i od'd just now a lil bit haha 
went fishing today . four hours and not a damn thing . but some little kid kept catching nice ass fish like flounder and croaker wtf is up with that . 
At house of blues with tambe to see sick puppies ! 
if anybody needs cheap herbal incense hit me up i just made another batch 
been watchin this hawk in my back yard catching food its pretty bad ass its huge 
R.I.P. Paul the octopus your psychic sports predicting abilities will be missed 
green room tonight . 
fuck this shit im leaving 
Don " t be surprised if i disappear . 
time to crash . hoping for good day #3 tomorrow . im finally starting to b happy again and its all bc of 1 special person . thank you for coming back in my life and saving me even tho ill be in ur doghouse forever lol =] 
and as soon as i make that post the site is up and running again oh well at least my phones back on now 
what if its true ? 
ugh cant sleep this shits got me worked up i think its time for the sleeping pills to come out 
does nebody have a cordless house phone they dont need ? 
goin to dons with some of my boys if anybodys lookin for sumtin to do were gettin effed up 
? ? ? ? ? ? ??? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ± ? ?? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
(¯`• ._. • • ._. •´¯) (¯`•¸•´¯) `• . ¸¸ . •´´¯`•• . ¸¸ . •´¯`• . • ? • ? • •• . •´¯`• . •• •• . •´¯`• . ••— ¤÷( `[¤* *¤]´ )÷¤—— (•·÷[ ]÷·•)— (-’?_?’-) ( ? o ? ) ( ? ? ) ? [- ? _• ? ] ? (•?_•?) \(•?_•?\) (/•?_•?) d[ -_- ]b ™ ® ?? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ??????? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? « » ? 
No more games . Be real or be gone . thats the new rule i have . 
whew !!!!!! 
bout to head out . think im gonna wind up at dons but who knows 
I must be trippin ... =) 
now that my drama filled morning is over im going backto sleep . 
" And GOD said acid freaks and seven year olds shall be created equal " 
who likes herbal incense ? you should hit me up if you do . 
couldnt sleep so im watching the vampires assistant . i must be bored 
If i were a dinosaur id be a cannabisaurus . 
maybe ... 
What a ride ! 
i think im gonna attempt sleeping again maybe itll actually happen tonight 
just filled out my papa johns application . hoping to get this job . id love to b making pizzas again . 
today = disappointment . trazadone here i come . 
KOTH then bed hopefully tomorrow will b better than today 
wonders what its like on the other side 
haha my bad that was supposed to b a comment disregard the last status lol 
Herbal incense for sale ! CHEAP !!! Just hit me up in a message for details . 
At the green room . No cover tonite . Everyone should co me out 
i might have gotten lucky in the job hunt !! =] 
had a good night . went out to have a few beers and shoot some pool with Kerstein . hope tomorrow is good too 
Just had my ear violated by this nurse at the dr office .... and im not even the patient . =\ 
im bored as the fuck whats happening tonite ?? 
so i just read about george lucas deciding to re re release the star wars films one a year from 2011 thru 2017 but the catch is this time theyre gonna be 3D .... who else thinks theyre beating this dead horse for every penny its worth ? 
idk nemore if things should stay the same , change again , or go back to the way they were b4 FML 
I'm way too young to feel this damn old . 
still waiting to hear if i got the job . neways whats happening tonight ? i gotta get out the house . 
i got my dungeon halloween party invites !!!!!!!! 
bored as the fuck i slept the day away bein sick now im gonna b up all nite 
i dont understand how some people can live with themselves 
fuck ... i think i know what its gotta be .... oh well 
wonders what the fuck happened ? i think that pretty much sums it up 
time machine anyone ? 
still needs to borrow a 
miligram(mg ) scale either wednesday or thursday night if any body has 
one . probable compensation may be offered . must weigh down to 0.01 or preferably 0.001 
last night was intense 
needs to borrow a miligram(mg ) scale either wednesday or thursday night if any body has one . probable compensation may be offered 
whats goin on tonite im tryin to find sumthin to do ? 
somebody text me im bored as all fuck 9857781074 
had 2 good days in a row which is a rarity . hung out with my boys Justin and fat man then kerstein called to go have lunch and shoot some pool and we decided to come back to my pace to smoke some incense and start watching the first season of true blood on the comp . were gonna make it a regular thing so we can catch up and watch all the episodes . 
i have a pic in my living room actually i just dont have a scanner but ill figure sumthin out 
idk what to do things might be taking a turn 
ugh i crashed out earlier and took like a 3 hour nap now ill b up all night 
i get to go to voodoo tonight ! 
dons tonite for a bit 
bullshit 
Layin in bed and watchin scott pilgrim bored as hell . Anybody wana do something tonite ? 
im out of time on my phone and the stupid website is down so i cant re up this is lame =[ 
crazy night last night it was mostly good tho except for the whole losing a mirror on Kersteins car thing lol . 
What a waste of my time , energy , and money . I guess I'll learn my lesson one of these days . 
life's thrown me so many curves lately i don't know which way I'm going anymore 
what a friggin night 
i just added like 300 " likes " its definitely time for bed ... now if only i could actually fall asleep 
paranormal activity 2 sucked HxC 
fuck man y does all this crazy horrible shit have to happen to someone so awesome ? she doesn't deserve the bullshit . be strong and don't do anything stupid * hugs * I'll be here for you and I'll help you through this . 
ppl rly do = shit ya know 
nothings ever good uneff 
bored and cant sleep nebody up for talking ? 
leave it to my mom to ruin thanksgiving before noon 
. 
sum1 just told me i was strong enough to go through hell and back but i corrected them and said i was strong enough to blast straight through and out the other side . 
does anybody have a copy of super smash bros brawl i can use for a cpl hours to hack my wii ? 
im in love with chelsea and shes gonna be in my life through thick and thin good and bad . shes special and i have something with her i could never find anywhere else . i know there are people that dont approve of it but the happiest times of my life have been with her . 
beans beans good for the soul the more you eat the more you roll . 
tonight on food network at 8 theyre gonna be showing the new diners drive ins and dives episode that features louie and the red head lady in mandeville if ya got charter cable its channel 50 . 
