My sister is coming to visit today !!! Yaaay ! 
Spending my Birthday in Jackpot baby !!! 
Waiting ( impatiently ) for my lil Sis to get here .... Ugh ! 
Just gettin rested up from our Wild Weekend ! lol 
Just me and my Neice hitting the road today ! Yay ... ROAD TRIP ! 
Unpacking , unpacking , and more unpacking ! HOWEVER .... David thinks we should go buy new furniture today ! Yay ! Who am I to argue with him .... 
FINALLY ! Im in my own house again ..... I LOVE IT ! I even have that first time " can't wait to clean it " feeling ! =)) 
Getting ready for a busy weekend at work .... C'mon big bucks-No whammies !!! 
I love having Morning Me time ! Have my coffee , pray , and be thankful for all I have .... while the world is quiet ! ( Although .... the afternoon shopping for Me-time is pretty comparable ) :) lol 
Driving back home to Oregon today ! 
So my baby girl is starting college in the fall .... I am so proud of her ! 
1 day of work ... then 4 days of vacation !!! FINALLY , i can spell ... 
Luv U Raychy !!!! 
If you have or had a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong . Copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise from God that we will have a forever friend ! Repost if you have an amazing sister 
Happy Birthday David ! luv u ! xoxo 
1 day of work .... then 4 days of Vaction !!! FINALLY , the odds are in my favor ! =)) 
Excited to go to work ! :) 
Ahhhhhhh .... VACATION ! 
Back in Boise for a few days ...... Yay ! =)) 
If you have a mother who has made you laugh- wiped your tears- hugged you tight- watched you succeed- saw you fail- cheered you on and kept you strong ... Copy and paste this to your status ... Mothers are a promise from God that you will have a forever friend ..? 
Well we had an amazing time on the coast ...... back home and back to work now . 
Another blessed day ! 
8 more days till vacation !!! 
Off to work , butmy baby girl comes home today . Yaaaay ! =)) 
Only 2 more days till vacation ! I can't wait ..... =)) 
Nothin better than fireworks over the Ocean ! =)) Happy Independence Day everyone ! 
Yaaayy ! I finally have a day off ! wooohoooo ...... =)) 
He will not allow your foot to slip ; 
He who keeps you will not slumber . 
A daughter will hold your hand for only a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . ~ It's " Daughter Week " . If you have a daughter who makes your life worth living by just being around her , copy and paste this to your profile . 
Going to the horse races for my sisters 26th birthday party tonight ! Look out Prineville , here we come ! 
FINALLY ... a few days off to spend with my family ! What a blessing ! 
Spent all day with my daughter , shopping and having a girls ' day out ! ( Tho im broke now ) , it was awesome and worth it ! =)) 
What a beautiful Day .... We went out for breakfast and decided to put a few bucks in the poker machines . We both won , leaving with $179.00 !! 
Mom & Dad are getting re-married tonight ..... Im so blessed ! 
If you tell yourself " Your gonna have a good day , " YOUR GONNA HAVE A GOOD DAY !! 
