Im back !!! well at least for now lolxxxhi to all friendsxxx 
ive been ill for a few days , got worse yesterday ! IVE GOT RUDDY SWINE FLU and its retchedxx 
Im on tamiflu , feel like eating the packet ... xxx 
Watching celeb bb and thinking Jonas is kinda lovely ... hope I am not losing me marbles lol 
One down , just me 2 go .......... 2 sleep lol 
Feeling cool , and gonna make sure this year I keep regular contact with me ole matesxxps cath and batty im down yr way end of month so look out ! LOL 
Jo could easily shot the dog at the mo , he crying and whinging like a big baby ... 
had a great day with me boooxxty xxhunnyxx 
Just going to put her new black satin bedding on , and climb in yummy lolxx 
God dam we cant sleep ! so were playing silly buggers on facebook lol 
finaly got some kip , but at 5am ! so only just got up grr day gone 
just got hubby a facebook account , watch out all lol 
am enjoying a lovely evening off , yeyxx 
Just got home after nipping out 4 fish and chips , and in shock as pranged me brand new car ooops , we r fine , just shook up , doh , first prang since ive passedc me test so not bad in years i guessxx WHO PUT THAT BRICK WALL THERE I ASK !!! lol 
off to bed and carless sobxx 
well they say it happens in 3s bad luck that is , and although everyone said i came across well , im feeling a wee bit downxxjust had loadsa texts ty all , ty 4 yr lovely compliments abt how good i look now to wen that was filmedxxlove ya allxx 
playing on her ds lol 
Getting so nervous i could throw up , tonights the night bbc2 9pm horizon , all those who know me , know im self concious , so friends pls note , this was filmed 8 months ago wen i was at my worst , since then my weight dropped 2 sizes , and my teeth and hair done lmaoxxx 
Having a real chilled evening ....... im sat in fridge lol 
counting the days til im down in kent ....... 
11 days tol im in my home town yeyeyeyeyeyeyxxxxx 
OMG ONLY 10AM and ive , got kids up , got macy ds breaky 4 em , took them and dog up park ! phew ..... and worse of all me car not going to be back 4 kent ! so we are now 14 days till we come down booooooooxxxxroll on 16th !! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrxxxbetter late than never ehxxx 
CANT SLEEP AGAIN ! how many more nights before I can officialy call myself an IN SOMO MANIAC !!! 
Sincere forgiveness isn't colored with expectations that the other person apologize or change . Don't worry whether or not they finally understand you . Love them and release them . Life feeds back truth to people in its own way and time . 
IF IT SNOWS IM KILLING SNOWMEN 4 REVENGE 
OMG im aching all over , bloody health ! need a good doctor and some real tlc 
In Less than 24hrs Robin will see Batman , and in less then 72hrs Down there will meet up here , or is it up there gonna meet down here lmaoxxxxxx 
4 Days and counting yippppeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee xxxxxxxxxx 
is in deep thought about her futurexxxxxty to all my beautiful family and friends , this week made me realise , just how much I need you allxxxxxxxxxx 
CANT SLEEP >>> WONT SLEEP >>> grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
GOT THE COLD BUG ! sob sob , ache all overxxx 
Yey Im coming home in september xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Is feeling a wee bit better , bear with me all , be bk on top tomorrowxxx 
Im not having much luck , thought I was over the cold !!! tissues and vicks galore this endxxx 
Thought it was time she wasnt camera shy and updated her profile pic to a current took today photoxxx 
Hasnt worked spiritualy for a while now , so if any one of you would like a free reading , just ask and ill book you inxxxxxxx 
A FEW MORE DAYS AND I SEE YOU ALL -------- GOD IM WETTING MYSELF LMAO 
If any one can find any energy , pass it this way xxx 
Yippeee , just a teensy winsy bit betterxxbut not sayingit too much , incasei tempt fatexx 
OH dear , got up and bruised and battered , guess the bread bin felt it too wen we slipped over yesterday ... ouch xx 
how much more can go wrong eh , why cant i just have simple flu ! nah this gal goes the whole hog , and allows the virus to attack her lymph nodes and immune symstem ! g8 ! doc said i may come out in shingles ! xxlovelyxxright any good news welcome lmaoxx 
Soz i havnt been around , busy busy busy , see ya all tomzxxxxx 
OMG , is it only 8.30 , weve been out done shopping , come home starting housework ! ill be feet up by 11.00 ................... and snoring lol ... ty becksxxxxx 
I will love like I never loved before , I will keep on trying harder , I will be devoted and loyal , and cook food from the larder , In the end I can truly say . I was the best I could be , I can hold my head up high .. for it wouldnt have been through me ! xxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Well got 3 hrs kip in the end , after 48hrs of none , is extremely unwell with this severe cold , and in desperate need of someone feeling sorry 4 me lolxxx 
Is sick and tierd of feeling sick and tierd , and letting ppl down whom she cares 4 !!! xxxplz health come bk soonxxx 
MANAGED to get out today , first time in 6 days , but only lasted a few hrs , now back and shattered ! why do colds take it out of you ! 
knakered and feeling like i will sleep tonight yippee , another night of relaxing , yeaxxx 
Nitey nitey xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Is pleased that finally I have true support from the medical field , they have given me my life back , but most of all the chance to finally live a long happy one with my husband and gawgus childrenxxxxxits a long road ahead , but one that every step i make on it , will be a positivexxxxty to my family and friends for there unconditional love and supportxxxlove u allxxxx 
Up 2 early ! Must ave pooped me bed ! 
Yawn ... Coffee and ten cigs 2 get goin lol 
Wow day gone already , guess reading 4 books in a week , has made time fly ! Now where was i .... Ah thats it page 371 ... 
Made a lovely change to go out last night , was a great time and above all else caught up with familyxxxx 
Offf out with the Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooby ddddddddooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo today lolxxx 
Stuffin a huge big brekie , with the beck , ne one want our sausages or tomatoes ? 
OMG DENTIST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCHY ! xxxx 
Dentist was grrrrrrr , another op on the horizon , phew .... another good day with the boooooby doooo , tyxxxx 
Self inflicted state of awfullness today lol 
Oh i love this weather , bbq meat and salad again . Yum ... Down scooby ! 
My very big girl is currently driving her little ole self 200+ miles to be with her mummyxxxxxwell done Zoexxx 
woke up 2 a lovely cuppa ..... ty zoe , love youxxxxxxxxx 
such a wonderful feeling being a mum , but the worst thing is letting them go .. oh yes I love em enuff to do so , but counting the days till we see her again ... a breakthro was needed , by christ I have had so much fun these past few days , and thank the lord for my girlxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
HAPPY ! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
is snuggled up on sofa with the doo , blissfully content with a magical and hysterical few days camping in Cornwall ......... achieved so much , and feel on cloud 9 
Busy busy busy day .... but oh how nice it was to see my lovely niece , blooming at 27 weeks expecting and looking so radiant ... oh and the guinea pigs , rats and dan lmao 
off tomorrow yippeee , if i dont get round to you all i'll apologise now , just got soo much too do guys , but be down as usual b4 xmas so catch u then if i dont nowxxxc u all soonxx 
Got headache from study , so going to go out have a browse around town , and get a bite 2 eat with hubs ..... 
My dearest friends , who know me , know im suffering and very ill , I ty 4 yr love & faith in me . howeva 2day agen i got malicious report , and will soon b goin in to defend my side again !! ppl & i know who ! makin sum stupid allegations 2 mke my life unbearable , well Im innocent once agen ,, but u hav to live with yrselfs !!! hpe yr as happy as I amxAll those who believe ppl waisting goverment resources should b hung sign below ! 
Back to course-work 
I WIL I WILL I WILL ............. change 4 the better lolxxx 
dont matter what u do sometimes some dont see it .... give give fucking give all the time !!!.......... ITS STOPS TODAY !!! 
Just 2 weeks until im on hol in kent , cant wait to see u allxxxxx 
Ben , so proud of you and how u did today ! everyone luvs u , and im the lucky one as im yr mum , love u sonxxxxx 
Hi and lots of love to you allxxxxxhello all my new fishy neighboursxxxand a big big hello and hugs to my family with whom we just made contact with after all those yearsxxx 
finaly back online , ty 2 all those that sent me birthday wishesxx 
Life they say can be cruel ... but hey wen its good you make the most of that , if you have to box it up , and keep in reserve ... 4 wen the bar stewards get ya down xxxx 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! DO NOT join the group currently on facebook with the title " becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life " . This is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos ! Please copy & paste this to your status before people start using your picture .... PLEASE ALL PARENTS ... 
Thankyou to all those helping me with fishville neighbours .... have send u all neighbour requests xxxx 
TRICK OR TREAT , smell my feet , im making a ghost out of an ole bed sheetxxxxxxx 
Please get well soon , my big brother Mxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
happy easter 2 u all , have a great weekend and watch the chocolate lolxxxx 
My poor little becs is so unwell , first a cold virus , then she gets badly sunburnt suffers severe blistering and heat exhaustion , then as she got up wobbly this after , she slips and falls hard on our laminate flooring ... get well poppet , they say things happen in threes , so lets hope its all up from now on ehxxxlove u , big big hugsxxxx 
OMG OMG OMG bored bored bored F-ing bored !!! role on tomz when I take Bec out for a mummy dawter day yeyeyeyy steak ere i come xx 
Why when u feel so helpless , theres someone there to make u feel shit ! |GOD I MISS HOME !!!! xxxxx 
XFACTOR HAS BECOME A JOKE !!! BLOODY HELL THE TALENT COMPETITIONS AT BUTLINS ETC ARE FAIRER !!! 
Thinking where u all gone ? or is it , where have i been ? lol 
Another day another dollar , another day i will holler , waking up in the morn so hard to do , wouldnt it be nice not to have an appoitment due , before i know it , its time for tea , even the dog will start shouting at me , next thing I know its time for bed , oh shit oh hell , i forgot to ring fred ! counting sheep , one two three , no time 4 good ole silly me ! 
back home just over 2 hrs ago after week in cornwall with mum in law and hubbyxxx 
Finally got a washing machine ............. yeyeyeyeyexx 
Is having a deep thoughts day xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Nice to be home again with my lovely kiddsxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Relaxing , low light , glass of wine , and playing the dave gilmore concert , which is awesome 
fed up with struggling in life , like most i guess wish some fortune would come my way so we can just have some peace for a day or 2 , 3 failed hols , always broke , would love to know the lottery numbers think id choke , won on bingo , 6 pound , wow oh wow , couldnt it been that grand . perhaps i want too much , but if any one knows the pools 4 next week let me know xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
my eldest dawter decided to cut me and kids out of her life , because i was upset about mothers day being forgotten by her , yes it doesnt make sense eh ! however hurt i am , I realise ive fought for her love for now 19 yrs , and got no fite left ! my other 2 say Im a great mum , so that keeps me smilingxxxx 
A VERY HAPPY EASTER TO ALL MY LOVELY FRIENDS AND FAMILYXXXX 
welcome all the gray familyxxxthankyou kelly for all your info , and irina for the pic with loads of commentsxxxlove to u allxxxx 
If any one can also comment on what made them choose there dog I would be grateful , certainly helps me research for my articlexxxtyxx 
what a fine beautiful day it is here in devon todayxxx 
has just starting her writting course , to be a writter , woop woop 
is still very shattered spending most days asleep or awake like a zombie ... whats wromg with the ole girl lol 
ouch ouch bloody ouch , jo has another drama guys , in accident and emergency 4 o clock this morning with a huge severe painful knee ! oh my oh my im keeping the nhs busy ! lmaoxxx 
do we truly really know who we are , what we want , or do we keep on searching ? r we truly spiritualy happy or do we just think we are ... life eh , goes so fast , and just as we have the answer we are probably too old to enjoy it loltxx 
Theres a dirty creep from the past sniffing around again guys !!! can u smell him ... the dirty rat !! 
omg its saturday already , sitting down nursing my knee again in front of the tely , theres not a lot on , just the same old crap , however i gotta watch talent and give a clap , so i will sit ere with my curry and rice , its nice to see u , nice lol 
Rock on Ben , his cooking 2nite , chillie yumxxxx 
Sometimes you have to take the deepest biggest breath you can and go for it ! xx 
A wee bit better now they realise it wasnt all me , just 4 weeks 2 prove it , what they say ... make or breakxxty guys 4 all yr supportxxlove ya allxx 
says ... life throws so many storms your way and makes the dust fly ! But it's who's still by your side once everything settles that matters the most ! 
just like to say how proud of my kids i am , they have seen me through thick and thin and still they do so well in there lifes , loves ya beck and ben always , three muskateers 4everxxxxx 
has decided to book in at the hairdressers for a radical hair makeover , gonna go the sharon osbourne style , fed up with frizzy locksxx 
well cant sleep so up like the lark ! bet im back 2 bed in a few hrs lolxx 
BLOODY MONEY !!!!! ITS THE ROOT OF ALL EVIL !! 
TIME TO MAKE THE OLE GAL SHINExxx 
is fucked completely shattered 
Hi all , I am writing about dogs at the mo .. im hoping it will be published in a relevant doggy mag .... any dog walkers who do it for others or as a living out there want me to include them ? if so pls message me ..... tyxx 
OMG yey im back onlinexxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
ive done it i had 4 inches cut off , and it was not in the slighest bit uncomfortable lol .... wow a day at the salon was blissxxx 
(^-^) (^_^) (^_-) ( <3 ) 

I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_GRfox000 
Watching dog the bounty hunter to get her daily dose of duane lee dogs son , omg any lookalikes this way please lol 
wants to look forward to feeling better , makes u wonder if the meds docs give you infact do really help at allxxxx 
Is bearing up , and thinking hard about her life right now .. Ben Becks Steven .... love ya allxxxxx 
bloody banks are a pain in the arse , 4 the second time in a few weeks there essential maintanence means our money not paid in til monday , i bet the large rich companys had there banking done , whilst the rest of us struggle !!! sack em , dont go to alliance and leicester guys !! 
is so unwell , tierd , and not with it , just wanna tuck up and drift away xxx 
Annoyed at those who say they can help but then dont , at those whos in a position to make yr kids lifes easier and dont .... i guess its just us 3 muskateers againxxxx 
Just sending out my niece and nephew my thoughts and hugsxxxyr on my mindxxx 
is bloody hot and sweaty , need a cool shower ............ 
needs to raise cash cash cash asapxxxxne donations welcome lmaoxx 
Improving .... slow but surexxx 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same48 minutes ago 
Is looking forward to time with her fav niece thursdayxxxxx 
silly billy me , oh my oh my am i too much off a softy lol xxxxxx 
Ive lost myself .. can anyone tel me who I am , what is the nicest thing about me , and am I scary ? ty xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
is no better and now raging back pain ... but hubby giving me lots of tlc so what could be beterxxxx 
Is wondering if a tortoise loses its shell , is it naked or homeless ? lol 
Wants to thank my gawgus hubby 4 all his TLCxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
ne one seriously wants to buy a nearly new xbox elite , with world at war and 2 other games , a controler and internet cable for 100.00 ono say now ! im selling to another at 1pm but rather friends or family have it at the above price b4 , text or message me if u do ................... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
whos leaving biggys house ? 
Is knakered hot and bothered , so up the wooden hill for me soonxxx 
“It 
takes more courage to reveal insecurities than to hide them , more 
strength to relate to people than to dominate them , more ' manhood ' to 
abide by thought-out principles rather than blind reflex . Toughness is 
in the soul and spirit , not in muscles and an immature mind . ” 
my brain what i have got off it is freezing up ! lol 
feeling incredibly shit ............. grrrrrrrrrrrr lolxxx 
feeling betterxx 
just ate a whole pot of Ben and Jerrys fairly nuts , and now feel sick ! lol 
is tierd but being taking out for a romantic drive by the sea by her hubby ..... yeyxxx 
correction , has started her course to be a PUBLISHED writer ! wooo hooo lol xx 
Any dog owners on my friends list ? I am a writer , and currently covering a story , please could you help me , and comment on the following : what one thing would you say you love about taking your dog for a walk ??? ty allxxxxx 
still plenty to be done and yet so bored bored bored 
omg cant sleep wont sleep ............ 
HEY IM UP EARLY SHOCK HORROR ! 
off to pics soon to watch paranormal 2 , with my gawgus dawter Becks and her lovely other half steven , heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllp lolxxxx 
feel as slow as a bloody slug todayxxx 
HAS HAD A LOVELY WEEKEND 
is looking 4ward 2 her hols in august and muse concert in september yipppeeeexxx 
There is nothing as good as catching up with yr rootsxxxxxwelcome my lost family , we r huge arnt we lolxxxxx 
hi to all my fb friends and familyxxxhavnt had time to be on much lately , but will do soonxx 
on next leg of study , phew got a long way to go .................... 
Is trying as many FB games as I can lol 
talk about the hare and the tortoise , i wanna be the hare !!! 
ouch everything hurts today , need a new pair of legs , any one offering lolxx 
Feels like doing something absolutely crazy , mad , mind blowingly stupid .... 
studying real hard at the mo , its all write write write ....... 
this time next week i would have landed back to my roots yeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyxxxxx 
2 more full days left to go yeyeyeyeyeyeyyexxxx 
my daughter passed her driving test todyxxxwell done zoexx 
muse friday omg yey , hope im well enuff 
The joys of marriage ! 
MUSE was brill , although should had realised me health wouldnt hold up sob sobxx 
People are like stained glass windows : they sparkle and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light within . 
got a few busy days ahead with becksxxxxxx 
back too early from our break , so many illnesses , and me very unwell , so climbed in me bed all day todayxxxxso sorry all those i was meant 2 c and couldntxxlove 2 u allxx 
The truth is that our 
finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply 
uncomfortable , unhappy , or unfulfilled . For it is only in such moments , 
propelled by our discomfort , that we are likely to step out of our ruts 
and start searching for different ways or truer answers . ~ 
M . Scott Peck 
cant bluddy sleep 
Is wondering what an earth is going on in her life at the mo ... phew ! 
I will try my best to keep my kids from liars , fakes , and people who don't deserve to be in their lives . Especially if they choose to not want to be in theirs 
needing loads of inspiration now , to make huge changes in her life that will take all the strength i can get outta a very weak mind and bodyxxxxxxxxx 
Ben that con carne was gawgus , blooody blew our heads off tho , next time dont put all the seeds in this time lolxxxx 
Just love my kids so much , and my hubby , u ave all been so supportive and given me my strength lately , am happy , wowxxxxx 
“Don't 
wish me happiness-I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that , 
somehow . Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor-I will need 
them all . ” Anne Morrow Lindbergh quotes 
MATT yr song made me cry ! bloody brilliant 
ROLL ON NEXT WEEK !!! 
TRICK OR TREAT !!!!! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
horny bfrnd was helpin his gfrnd type in a password 4 her comp , type in MYPENIS , grfrnd fell over laughin when pc said , not long enough lol 
I WOULD LOVE A REGULAR JOB :) 
2010 is just a bruise . 2011 will be the healing , 2012 will be the strength . 2013 will be unbreakable . 
Ben u made mums world tonight , ty 4 all what u done 4 me , yr a no1 young man , and a true starxxxloves ya loads bunny bunxxx 
I Love 2 Smile & Hate to Cry .. I Speak my mind & Never follow behind .. I Love Deep & Speak Truthfully ... this is Me , and I'm Proud of Who I Am ! 
Is slowly getting back on top , xxxxxxxx 
Happy new year to you all , still cred on mob but will get round to you all soon xx 
is so very very poorly at the moxxx 
would love to wish all my family on facebook a happy christmasxxxto my friends i love youxxxand to my dearest children , love u like i love the universe , have a great xmas all and happy new yearxxxx 
BECKY MAY HALSEY BORN 09 01 IS 16 today , love u darlingxxxx 
What a night and morning ! thanku to my hubby and kids 4 seeing me throxxxlove ya allxxxxx 
Is retracting her last staus messages , as it appears it has caused offence !!! and over-reactions , which i understand , but however does not appreciate being bullied or shouted at !!! 
Please all cross fingers that my much needed treatmet comes through ! 10 days in hospital gonna be tough , but at least I will have a life to look forward tooxxxI love u my familyxxxI love you my precious 3 childrenxxx 
Hi all , not ignoring u all , just got crazy things going on in life at the mo , and really fighting to change my life this year , so many demons must be laid to rest , so many things to concentrate on , so if im not around , im still thinking of u allxx 
Some ppl get the message , some ppl dont , yr one of em garry oakford ! now pee of stalking me u lil dwaf and get on with yr own very sad life ! 
Still rough , but Ho HumxxxHi Everyone , just uploaded some pics and videosxx 
