" . My Marriage Is Amazing !. ; My Family Is Perfect !. - Yeah That's Right Bitch !. ; Eat It Up !. " * [= . 
Heading to Ellendale today to go and see Destinee and her familia for thee next couple of days . Hopefully I'll have some fun this weekend right ? Haha ! 
OHH . EMM . GEE !. I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S SNOWING AGAIN . , DAMN !. 
* Remember This One . , " . I Love You To The Moon And Back ; x10 !. " Damn These Memories * 
" . Heading To Wahpeton With My Fabulous Hubby !. - While Jamming To See Me Shine !. ; BoneThugs !. " . [ everythings . lovely ] . * [; " 
" . Snuggling With Thee Love Of My Life && My Bundle Of Joy !. " . : 143 . My . 2 . Sifus : . 
[ finally getting what me && family deserve . ] * Snuggling With Thee Bay ; Watching George Lopez * . : What Can I Say - My Lifes Amazing : . [ . iLy . Bay . ] 
" . Everythings Just Lovely !. * [= . , Had An Awesome Family Dinner !. - Haven't Had That In A Long Time !. ; Thanks Elly !. " . [ totally . loving . my . family ] . 
. && then some . * [; . 
-143 . MY . 2 . SiFUS * 
" . Snuggling With Thee Love Of My Life && My Bundle Of Joy !. " . : 143 . My . 2 . Sifus : . * =] . 
Im hacking my wifes page to tell her i love her and thank you for taking care of me and sticking by my side i love u ! 
Laying here watching the Bad Girls Club !. && Drinking my Mountain Dew . Boy is it delicious !. LOL . 
Kicking back watching thee show of thee day !. " Days of our Lives " Ha !. It's crazy to think this shows been going on FOREVER !. 
About to head to bed with thee hubby . . [ had an amazing time today ] . . Enjoying my life at this point . * =] . 
Had a good Valentines Day !. Spent time with my mother in law and had a few . Haha !. 
-Boy Is He Something Else * 
" . My Life Is Amazing !. * =] . - I Have The Perfect Husband Who Actually Makes Me Happy !. ; The Most Adorable Little Man Ever That I Love So Much !. " * Lol . , Everything ; My Life Is Fabulous !. * [; . 
" . && Everything Is Going FABULOUS !. - SonSon Is Finally Going To Meet The Rest Of His Other Family !. ; How Exciting Man !. * LOL . [ 143 . My . 2 . Sifus ] 
. my love for him sees no limits . " No matter how hard it gets ; I know we will make it through - Just like we always do " 
" . Our little one finally went to sleep !. - Time to pick a movie out && snuggle with thee hubby !. " * [= . 
.. Watching t.v. && cuddling with my amazing husband !. [ iLy . tony ] . <33 .. 
This will be thee first time I'm going to be spending Valentines Day by myself in four years . Shapps man !. How pathetic is that . Haha !. 
" . Church Was Absolutely Oh So Amazing Tonight !. " -God Is Good * " . Believe It !. " * (= . 
" . Looking Forward To Seeing Thee In-Laws Again Next Weekend !. ; Most Definantly !. - They Can Finally Meet There Grandson . , Elisha Josiah Rey !. " * [= . 
. Hoes these days are fucking scandalous . Bitch give me my credit . Whatever I want I get It . You know I meant It If I said It . * =] . . Happily married to my husband - Mr. Sifuentes . . 
Finally snugged in at the In-Laws . Everythings pretty kosher yo !. (= 
. : He Be Calling Me Mami Sifu Now : . " . What Can I Say !. - I'm Sassy ; Bossy ; And Better !. * [; . 
* Holy fuck it's hella boring !. - Wishing I had something to do ; Fer real man . . Gahh !. 
. && tomorrow is thee fucking day !. - finally getting to see my babyboy !. * [= . 
* Just loving the Billings weather !. - Especially the rain ; lightning && thunder !. * ;] . 
" . The Greatest Challenge In Life Is Finding Someone Who Knows All Your Flaws , Your Differences , && Even Your Mistakes . , && Still Loves You With Everything They Have !. " [ . Believe Me ; I've Found Mine . ] " . Happily . Married !. " * (= . 
( FBOOK ) " . I'm a little bit nervous to see my son !. - It's sad ; But only true !. " . : Only 2More Hours : . * = . 
" . TOTALLY LOViNG MY MiST3R !. " - i LOV3 YOU BABY !. * [= . 
" . Totally Loving Me && All Mine !. " - In Your Face Bitch !. ; I Have What You Don't Got !. * Ha !. " . Everythings Just So Lovely !. ; I Love Waking Up Next To My Mister !. " * [; . 
" . I Been Through It All . , The Fails ; The Falls . " [ . I Was Such A Sinner But The Lord Is A Forgiver . ] " . You Know What They Say . , " . If You Pray Than You Can Get Your Blessings Ordeded And Delivered . " 
--> . If " She " Only Knew . , * Ha !. <-- 
. . Just Playing The Waiting Game ! . . 
" . I'm A Stay At Home Mami && A Spoiled Wifey !. ; I Guess I Got It All Ennit Sweetie !. " * Ha !. 
" . Pretty Much Looking Forward To See The In-Laws Again Next Weekend !. ; Most Definantly !. - They Can Finally Meet There Grandson Elisha Josiah Rey !. " * =] . " . Yay !. ; How Fucking Exciting !. " 
" . People are so stupid these days man !. , No lie !. ; It's so fucking irritating and alot more !. - Grow the fuck up !. " 
" . It's Funny How PATHETIC && IMMATURE LITTLE GIRLS Try To Fish For Information About Me && My Family By Looking At My Page On FB && MYSPACE !. - All I Can Say Is . , Grow The Fuck Up !. ; SERIOUSLY !. " 
-MAMi . SiFU * . , LOV3S H3R AMAZiNG HUSBAND TONY !. ; AND H3R P3RF3CT BABYBOY . , SONSON !. , * =] . 
Finally Getting Out Of Montana Tomorrow !. How Awesome Is That Yo ! LOL . Finally Got My Sonson Back Too . . Everythings Lovely Again ! =] 
" . Mami and Daddy are finally taking our Sonson to finally meet his Grandpa Tony and Grandma Martha !. * [= . - Boy are we all excited !. " <33 . , 
" . What A Long Ass Day Today !. , && Even Yesterday Man !. - It's All Good Though !. ; In Thee End I'm Still With Thee Love Of My Life !. " * =] . 
" . Our little one finally went to sleep !. ; Time to pick a movie to watch && snuggle with thee hubby !. " - Everythings lovely !. * [= . 
" . Some people these days need to grow the fuck up && learn how to mind there own got damn business !. ; I'm too grown for all your fucking little kiddy games !. " . , Other than all that bullshit !. - Everythings Fucking Lovely !. * (= . 
" Thee Hubby && Me Finally Got Our Sonson His Halloween Costume Lastnight !. - He's Going To Be So Fucking Cute !. ; I Ain't Going To Lie !. " * c( = . 
" . Totally Loving Me && All Mine !. " - In Your Face Bitch !. ; I Have What You Don't Got !. * Ha !. " . Eveythings Just Lovely !. " [; 
" . Totally . Loving . Me&&Mine !. " <33 " . ILY . Tony&&SonSon !. " 
. . About To Take A Stroll With Thee Hubby ! . . 
. . Just Got Back From Thee Walk For Tonight !. , Now I'm Relaxing && Watching T.V. With My Mister ! . . [ missing . my . sonson ] 
" . If Only He Knew !?. " 
Everythings Just Perfect && Wonderful !. So Can't Wait Til Thee Hubby Comes Home !. 
Just now got done watching Toy Story 2 with Ej Rey . && Boy did he love it !. Lol . 
[ . && Another One Bites The Dust !. ] " . Lately All I Can Say Is . , My Familia Needs To Grow The Fuck Up !. " 
Fucking laptop died and I can't find the charger . How great !. Lol . So much for that idea huh Leon !. Awha . 
Watching one of the best movies ever !. " Four Brothers " But boy Is It pretty sad !. 
It's funny how I keep going back on my word !. What more can I possibly say ?. I like my bad habits !. . it's just me and my drink . * Ha !. 
WOW !. =| 
-FML !. 
My phone got shut off . , DAMNIT !. Lol . Blahh FUCKING blahh !. 
YESS !. It's Finally Friday . LOL . I Still Don't Have My Fudging Phone On Yet . , Boy Am I Lost Without It !. HA !. 
Today could have been so much more better ! 
Why so much poking ?. * Ha !. 
Menthals are thee best !. [= 
Gahh !. , It's so boring . =| It sucks !. Lol . 
I just love my morning routine !. (= Especially thee old wake and bake thingy . Lol !. 
What a lovely day today ! =) 
The snow just never wants to stop ennit !. Lol . Damn !. 
On the road to the In-Laws house !. Pretty long drive If you ask me yo !. 
GAHH !. , Today I'm Sick As Fuck And I Clearly Have No Idea Why !. BLAH FUCKING BLAH !. 
Had the weirdest time ever lastnight . Never again !. Lol . 
Just ate a cheeseburger with some fries on the side !. Boy man . , It was damn good !. Lol . 
Wow !. , Thank you TJC . You've just made me realize what kind of asshole you've become !. - Well I sure do hope your happy . 
(= 
I'm off to bed . Goodnight FB !. 
Watching Dumb and Dumber !. What a movie man , what a movie !. LOL . 
Spending today in SD . How exciting ! 
Finally got thee phone turned back on !. Get at me . :D 
Enjoying My Friday Night !. :D 
Emotions are being mixed . 
I can't sleep either !. )= 
Eggs , Bacon , Toast , And Apple Juice . Can You Say YUMMY !. =P 
BOTTLECAPS ARE THEE BEST !. :D 
Watching thee best movie ever . " A Bronx Tale " :D 
Everything is just freaking lovely ! 
" Confusion " ain't nothing but a PIECE OF SHIT ! ., =| 
AND IT'S ALL BECAUSE OF YOU ! 
Bad habits suck sometimes don't they ! 
GOOD MORNING FB ! :D Woke up just in time to watch Maury and than some Jerry Springer !. LOL . 
I so totally hate the whole time difference thingy in all these freaking states ! 
And my whole world comes crashing down ! 
GAHH ! I got one huge ass headache and my legs and FREAKING arms are sore . What's next ? LOL . 
Damn ! What a boring night . 
Damn what a busy ass day today ! 
DAMN ! What a FREAKING BUMMER . 
Tonight ; 2 Words ; FREAKING BORING ! 
My night just keeps on getting better and better ! :D 
Damn man ! I'm way tired but I can't freaking sleep . Whatsup with that bullshit ! LOL Gahh ! 
Woke up pretty late today !. My shit is off track . , Damn !. But anyways . Good Morning FB !. :D 
Cleaning , cleaning , and EVEN MORE cleaning ! Waiting for tonight so I can enjoy myself . LOL ! 
Cleaning , cleaning , and EVEN MORE cleaning ! Just waiting for tonight to come along so I can enjoy myself . LOL ! 
Pretty much enjoying this ! =P 
It's way to damn early for me right now ! Haha . 
This evening is just freaking fabulous ! :D 
I've gotten myself a pretty boy ! =P 
I needs to get me one of those ! 
Mmkay ! Now I can't FREAKING sleep , " Whateffer ! " 
" . Happy Birthday To Thee Love Of My Life !. [= I Love You . , To Thee Moon And Back x10 !. Ha !. " 
Damn whateffer ! What is there to do today ?. 
It's fucking snowing again !. WTF is up with that man , Gahh ! 
FML ! 
I totally hate this reminiscing bullshit ! 
Woke up this morning in the greatest way ever , SonSon comes up to me and kisses me on the cheek ! :D 
Damn man . What a night ! 
Total Of Six Freaking Months , Damn ! 
If I Fall , Can You Let Me Down Easy ? 
Shapps man ! The days just keep getting slower , and slower . 
Holy fuck , lastnight was out of control ! No more of that shit man . Never again ! 
Got damn man , It's freaking boring today ! Time goes by way to slow . FUZZ ! 
" Boy this fool has more comics than a motherfucker " Bahaa ! 
Now That's Some Jerry Springer Shit ! :P 
" Words don't mean that much to me ! " 
" I SEE LETTERS , BUT THE WORDS DON'T MEAN SHIT ! " 
" I'm a joker , I'm a smoker , I'm a midnight toker . I don't want to hurt no one . " =P 
I JUST HATE WHEN PEOPLE MAKE ME FEEL DUMB ! =P 
" Some days it don't come easy , Some days it don't come hard , Some days it don't come at all , And these are the days that never end ! " 
Confusion is a fucking bitch ! 
I'm the truth , Why would I lie ? 
Am I That Strong ? 
Lost Without My Buddy , Geez ! Lol . 
Gahh ! It feels like today is never going to end , . time just be creeping by ! Haha . 
Damn man , I can't believe it's raining and then it's suppose to snow tomorrow ! All I know is that it all needs to stop . Lol . Especially all the freaking snow ! 
My Life Sucks ! Lol . 
My tummy is freaking killing me , " Blahh ! " 
I'm addicted . I so totally knew it ! 
I think it's about that time for me to have a few . Yup , it is . Haha . 
Fuzz ! What a day already man . Woke up with all kinds of shit happening ! 
Pizza and beer is so yummy ! [= Lol . 
It looks like I'll be heading back to Montana before this weekend ! 
My freaking phone got shut off . What a freaking bummer ! 
Out of beer . DAMN ! Haha . 
I just now realized my foot is fucking cut open , and I have no clue on how that shit happened ! Lol . 
" Whisper three words , and I'll be come runnning . " 
Damnit ! I hate when you make plans and they never seem to follow through . FML Haha ! 
Missing my best friend from 1st grade , Chaskey Ricker ! RIP . 
Hoping for thee best ! 
" Any man of mine , better walk the line , better show me a teasing , squeezing , pleasing kind of time ! " =p 
I RECKON ! =P 
I was told a couple of times , " If you don't have nothing nice to say , don't say anything at all . " Okay , so now you all know why I'm the quiet type . [= 
If that's the way it is , I don't want to get into it . If that's what it is , I don't want nothing to do with it . I've been through this before , delt with heartbreaks , and that shit don't never ever change . 
OMG ! 
What next ? 
You Left Me , Just When I Needed You Thee Most . 
Wow , my son is becoming quite thee perfectionist ! It's kind of funny actually . He becomes more like me everyday ! Haha . 
" If I told you that I realized you're all I ever wanted and that it's killing me to be so far away , would you tell me that you love me too and would we cry together ? " 
" Only On Sundays " 
I'm just trying to do better than good enough ! 
Fuzz man ! I'm thinking I need a beer , or even two . Wait ! Probably more than that . Gahh ! 
I just hate how people can ignore someone for absolutely nothing at all ! I mean come on man , whats up with that ? 
" Know that life is just a game in which the cards are facing down . I'm in a world where things are taken , never given . How long they ever choose to love will never be your decision . " 
It's about that time again too have a few ! [= 
I told you so ! 
New Goal ; Half A Pack A Day Instead Of A Whole One ! =] Lol . 
I just wish you knew how I feel . . 
And so this world of mine starts to become hectic . So fuck it ! 
MY LIFE IS ABSOLUTELY , TOTALLY , FREAKING WONDERFUL ! 
My babe be already crashed , so now I get to have some me time . Oh yes ! :D 
I'm totally missing my * babe * right now ! 
I so want to watch Toy Story 3 right now ! 
Watching some tv and having a few ! What a great evening for me . Ha ! 
Finally off to bed . Goodnight FB ! :D 
" This life doesn't last forever , so tell me what we're waiting for ? I've been there before , you've been there before , together we'll make it and be alright . " 
Great news everybody . I'm getting divorced ! Lol . 
WTF ! FML ?! I NEED A DRANK ! 
About ready to head to the bar to have some shots . Been a long while yo ! But how exciting right . =P 
GOOD MORNING FB BUDDIES ! :D 
" You stand by my side , babe your my world . " 
Got damn man , If you only knew ! 
" I know we went our separate ways , and we both put on our smiley face . But I can't live with this lie , let's give it another try . " 
I didn't want to have to see you at the bottom , but if that's what it takes to get your mind straight , then so be it . 
OMG ! MY PHONES A PIECE OF SHIT , AND I JUST BARELY BOUGHT THE FUCKER ! 
I'm so freaking tired and just to think I went to sleep early lastnight . Geez ! Lol . 
Missing my babe to thee fullest ! Wishing things were so much different than they are now . 
I so think I'm done drinking . . for tonight ! Lol . 
" Even When The Sun Don't Shine , I Got Faith In You And I " 
Missing my mama ! I so can't wait to see her next week . I've been gone from Billings way too damn long ! Well so it seems . Lol . 
Well he had court this morning and had to plea guilty , so which means he has another month til ' court . Gahh man ! Why can't this shit just get over with , for real . It's been six months now . Damn ! 
Woke up way to damn early , and too top it off me and my little man are getting sick . Uggh ! I need someone to baby me , for sure ! Lol . 
Gahh ! I hate being sick . =| 
I am so done with packing for today ! Just for that I'll treat myself with a little smoke session . Lol ! 
I so can't wait for tomorrow to finally head out to Poplar . It's time for me to get out of this bitch ! Lol . 
- Sure Thing * 
Getting something eat in Bismarck right quick than were on thee road again ! 
On the road once again ! It's so freaking boring . No lie ! Lol . 
Finally in Poplar til ' Friday . Just hanging with Jori Ann and thee kids . It's pretty awesome ! =P 
The past couple of days have been awesome . I just loved it ! Too bad it's ending tomorrow . But I'll be back for sure ! [= 
Finally made it too Billings ! 
Missing My Babe Right About Now . , :( 
Happy Easter FB ! :D Heading to church right about now and than after , the fam bam and I are going out to eat . * Yummy ! Lol . 
Reading the best book ever , " No Disrespect " ., I just can't put the book down yo ! Lol . But Good Morning FB ! Hope everyone has a good day today . :D 
I read and than sleep way too much ! 
" He Came To Set The Captives Free " - A very good book ! It's such an eye opener . 
" Boy Am I Lucky ! " * Smiles * 
I just absolutely love thee smell of the rain ! * =) . 
OMG ! I can't believe it's snowing . WTF ! 
Just as I thought , I'm addicted ! 
" Thinking That Love Conquers All " 
- Is so freaking relieved . 
It's pretty crazy how you lose good friends over something stupid ! 
Well I'm finally off to bed , so goodnight FBers ! Lol . 
Heading to Sonics to eat with thee madre and my babe . After that then it's shopping time ! :D 
Damn this weather be acting crazy ! I dislike it very much . Ha ! 
OMG ! ; I So Need A Cigarette Right Now . BLAHH ! 
Wow man !. What A night . If only , If only !. 
" . You said you would protect me from heartache , pain , lies , loneliness , and misery . You said you would tear down the walls that were in my way , you promised that things would be okay . I waited for you , . but you never showed . " 
- Trying so damn hard to make things right in my life * 
" . They will come and they will go . " - Am I That Strong ? * 
" . You be the match , I'll be the fuse ; Boom !. " - Sure Thing * (; 
Got damnit , my cellular device will be getting shut off today some time ! Well fuck , doesn't that shit just blow . Haha ! But anyways , goodnight all you FBers ! 
" . You could be the King , but watch the Queen conquer . Yeah , I'ma risk it ; I'm optimistic . " :D 
The good advice , I always hated . But looking back , It made me greater . 
" . It's Like Deja Vu All Over Again . " - Days Of Our Lives , You Wink ; It Goes By * 
Holy shit ! People and all there fucking bullshit these days . I'm getting pretty fucking fed up with it ! 
Damn ! What a day already and just to think , my day just barely started ! 
I'm so diggin ' this nice weather ! :D 
Already waiting for this weekend . You already know ! :D 
Well I guess it's time for me to crash and burn . Goodnight FBers ! 
We're finally getting nice weather and I end up getting sick . How freaking lovely is that ! 
I'm thinking I'm pretty much an OCD kind of type person ! Haha . 
" . My heart is set on you , I don't want no one else . " - Give In To Me * 
Blahh . , Isn't having the greatest day in the world ! 
Had a wonderful night tonight . Mister Ej Rey finally got to meet his other grandpa and grandma ! :D 
I'm like so freaking sore from yesterday , I ain't going to lie ! Lol . But today is going to be a got damn wonderful day , for sure ! 
MY DAY WAS JUST RUINED . THANKS ALOT PRICK ! 
OMG , it's so freaking boring ! 
My life is so full of suprises , . that I fucking hate ! 
" . && If you don't want me , I guess I'll be all by myself !. " 
Blahh ! Can't sleep at all . My freaking tummy hurts way to damn much ! Gahh . 
The only man in thee world who will truely have my heart , && never break it - Ej Rey * My Bundle Of Joy - 
For the past two nights , I can't get any sleep , because my fucking tummy is killing me ! I never had this pain before either . Wtf is wrong with me ? I hate this shit , no lie . 
Hopefully that certain somebody doesn't ruin my day , once again ! 
To all the hard-working , and beautiful mothers out there ; Happy Mothers Day , and I hope you all have a wonderful day as well ! :D 
- Has Someones Name Stuck In My Heart * 
Cream cheese on red velvet cake , and a redbull to go along with it is basically thee best . :D You already know ! 
" . I just wanted to say thanks to * that one person * who has already made my night , you know who you are ! Your absolutely thee best . " [= 
" . God Is Great , Beer Is Good , And People Are Crazy !. " 
I so feel like giving up , and being done with it all . I'm tired of always trying to work things out , and it goes fucking nowhere . 
I'm done messing with dumbass pricks ! They never amount to shit anyway . I have my babyboy , and that's all I'll ever need ! 
Gahh , I can't believe the power went out ! What else can possibly go freaking wrong ? =| 
And so the truth finally comes out !? 
Had a hectic day today , but at the end of the day I'm still happy ! Nothings going to put me down . You know damn well ! But I'ma crash , goodnight FB whores ! Ha . 
Fuzz ! Sitting in the Albertsons parking lot waiting for a tow truck too come , AGAIN ! Lol . Crazy night I can tell you that right now . Hahaa ! 
Gahh , I'm so dumb sometimes ! No lie . I hate when you get those freaking blonde moments yo ! Lol . It's all good though . :D 
- Where'd you go ? I miss you so ! * 
&& Off to bed I go ! Goodnight FBers !? :D 
Had a very awesome day today ! Was quite long , but I sure enjoyed it . :D 
- I want you to want me , I need you to need me , I love you to love me ! * 
Barely keeping my eyes open yo ! Lol . I'm FINALLY going to bed . Night FB ! 
Holy shit man , I keep having these fucked up dreams yo ! Gahh , It's pretty damn sad if you ask me . But anyways , Good Morning FB . Have a good one ! :D 
Well it looks like I'm going to be moving , once again ! :D 
" . If I Wrote You Love Letter Would You Write Back ?. " 
. . we done did everything they could think of . :P 
Subway sounds so freaking delicious right now ! 
&& Everything comes rushing back ! 
It's about that time for me too crash the fuck out ! :D Night facebook whores ! 
My day just barely started , maybe like fifteen minutes ago , and it's already turning out great ! :D 
Damn , my day just totally turned around and it completely freaking sucks now ! 
-My Heart Hurts * 
Wow , I'm so shocked and suprised ! I'm actually proud of myself . You know damn well ! :P Finally off to bed . Goodnight FBers ! :) 
Hopefully today is one of them good days , maybe even gooder ! :P 
Haven't had a cigarette all day today . Boy am I proud of myself , once again ! :D 
I'm totally disgusted right now ! I hate when people have to freaking lie about the simplest things . I swear man , It's freaking stupid ! 
Men are fucking DOUCHE BAGS and DUMBASSES ! I don't even know why I put up with all there fucking bullshit . It's never worth it in thee end ! 
I am no longer trying to survive , . to live doesn't mean your alive . 
What a fucking day today ! Too much shit going on that I can't even handle anymore . Today was suppose to be a day of remembering , but fuck it ! 
I'm so tired of being ignored and a second priority ! I so can't wait for next weekend . I'ma miss my babyboy , but I need a break ! Well I'ma finally crash . Night FBers ! 
I can't take it much longer . . 
Cheap ! 
Thee smell of the rain . . I'm just loving it ! :D 
Just got done watching The Roommate . What a freaking pyscho that Leighton Meester was ! Lol . No lie . 
Omg , my eye keeps twitching and it feels like there's something up in there . I checked , but Z ! It's so irritating . Like wtf man , seriously ! 
I woke up today with so much joy in my heart ! :P But damn , it's still pouring like cats and dogs . I think that's just to much yo ! 
Thee banana split from Dairy Queen was absolutely scrumptious ! :D 
" Crimson && Clover , <3 " 
" Pretty In Pink " ., I Freaking Love It ! :D 
Got to wake up bright and early in thee a.m. , so off to bed I go . Goodnight FB . 
Gahh , I'm so freaking disgusted right now ! 
Oh the torcher of not knowing ! Lol . :P 
&& Texas It Is , In A Couple Weeks ! 
Men these days absolutely , and totally gross me out ! No lie . 
This rain most definantly needs to go away ! I need my cuddle partner , like now !? 
I'm so disgusted , and the rain needs to fucking stop already ! 
My eyelids are finally getting heavy , so it's about that time for me to hit the sheets ! :D Goodnight ya'll FBers !? 
Damn , I keep waking up later and later everyday ! Lol . It sucks , big time ! 
" Scotty All The Way , <3 " 
Okay , so yesterday people were telling me I'm lame ! Today they be telling me I'm boring . Gahh , so what's next ? :P 
Watching ATL , You Already Know ! :P Dope Movie , For sure ! 
" When we trust in God everything turns out the way it's suppose too . According to Gods will and not ours , because he knows whats best for us . " 
My day was so irritating and stressful , but i'm sure glad at least SOMEONE took time out of there day to cheer me up ! :D 
Got a busy day tomorrow , so goodnight facebook buddies ! (: 
&& Once again , Woke up today with so much joy in my heart ! :P 
Still have to do some laundry , pack up our shit , and than head to town ! Sounds freaking fantastic doesn't it ? 
Being SO lazy today ! Still got to do laundry , clean up , freaking pack , and wake up hella early tomorrow . BLAHH ! 
FINALLY on the road ! 
Hopefully the next couple of days will be totally , freaking awesome ! :P 
" I've loved you all along " 
" Motherfucker , You Ain't Got Shit " 
Had a fabulous time at the zoo with thee familia ! :D 
I keep getting called a bitch today . Wow , ain't that a cherry on top of a wonderful fucking day ! Hahaa . 
I guess , tomorrow i'll be heading back to Montana instead of today ! 
Got thee cellular turned back on , && finally back up in Billings ! :) 
" Meet Me In The Middle " 
I could really use a wish right now ! 
The weather just keeps getting better and better . I love it ! :D 
Damn i'm tired as fuck yo ! Stayed up way too late lastnight . && Than I had to wake up hella early ! Lol . It's all good though . Todays going to be an awesome day ! (: 
Fuck man , I hate this feeling ! 
Gahh ! I so absolutely need someone here to cheer me up . Right now , at this very moment would be totally nice ! 
- waiting patiently , && totally fucked the freaked out * 
Wow , what a day && night ! I'm definantly bored , someone hit me up like asap . Hahaa ! (: 
- I've Been Through It All , The Fails && Falls . But If Only You Knew * 
Gahh , had thee worst night ever !? && Than I wake up to cloudyness instead of thee sunnyness . What's next ?! Lol . 
- Off to bed I go ; Night night FB , = * 
Got damnit , I can't sleep at all ! My hours be all fucked up . Hahaa ! 
Finally up for the day , even though it's half way gone ! I do feel pretty well rested though . Hahaa ! :D 
Since there ain't shit to do out in the middle of nowhere . Maybe I should just take a nap ! Lol . 
Holy shit fuck it's boring . BLAHH ! 
I so want to go to the movies today ! (: 
Because everything is just fine and fucking dandy ! 
GAHH , I'M SO FREAKING PISSED ! 
I'm so got damn frustrated and irritated !? I totally need to get out of this house , like right now !?! 
Don't take my kindness for a weakness , because I will fuck you up ! 
I totally hate my freaking phone ! OMG , I just keep on complaining today . I don't know what's wrong with me ! Lol . 
" see , you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever ; && now , your in the corner trying to put it all together " 
Night Night , FB ! (: 
- Holy shit ! I almost gave a fuck !?! * 
I pretty much just now decided i'm going to become a vegetarian ! :D 
&& It's Just Another Promise You Couldn't Fucking Keep ! 
Letter I got is S ; Something I like : Shopping . Something I hate : Scandalous Bitches . Something I eat : Salad . Like this and I will give you a letter . 
Letter I got is J ; Something I like : Justice . Something I hate : Jalepenos . Something I eat : Jelly Beans . Like this and I will give you a letter . 
It's about that time for me to go to bed now ! Lol . Goodnight FB whores ! :D 
Today is such a lovely freaking day ! Pretty much just soaking up all that sunshine !?! (; 
Omg , I still can't sleep ! This shit blows , big time !? 
I just totally love the smell of rain ! :D 
It's unbelievable how people act these days ! You try and be there for them , but in thee end they just push you away !? How typical is that man ! 
Well I guess i'ma try && get some shut eye since " someone " isn't calling/texting me ! Lol . Goodnight * facebook buddies ! 
I can pretty much say that my life is going to be so better from this point on . All I need in life is my babyboy ! :D 
" I hate that we live to die , but only God knows why " 
Gahh , what's there to do today ? Most likely nothing , since no one wants to come visit me ! Lol . 
" Love Is A Battlefield " 
Gahh ! My days just keep getting slower , and slower . Wtf ! 
Finally got my shit packed , well most of it anyway ! Lol . Pretty fucking tired right now though , so off to bed I go ! (: 
I so can't wait to see my little man tomorrow ! It's going to be freaking awesome !? :D 
People these days just down right digust me ! 
Finally at thee location , but damn , it's humid as hell here yo ! Lol . I'm loving it though ! (: 
Finally got everything did , done , and clean ! (: Now it's time for relaxation to come my way . Hahaa ! 
Had an awesome night lastnight , and slept hella good ! Now it's time to get ready , and go do some shopping ! :D \n- C * 
Gahh , playing the waiting game , once again ! 
Getting ready to head to the store to get Ej Reys things for his birthday tomorrow ! :D 
OMG , What a night ! 
Everything is just totally fucked up ! , What do I do now ? 
Missing thee hubby like freaking crazy ! :( After everything that has happened , I'm not just going to up and leave . Well , I got a lot of things to get done tomorrow . So goodnight FB ! 
Okay , so everything didn't work out as planned . Sucks hella bad , but i'll be back up in Montana tomorrow evening ! [= Hopefully , everything with thee hubby turns out good , and not too bad like they say it will . 
Back up in Montana ! :) Totally not missing thee Texas weather . Haha ! 
I hate this feeling that I have . . I never want to feel it again ! =| 
Damn , It be like everyone's going to jail . This shit be crazy ! 
Today was great . Spent some time with the fam . bam in town this evening , && finally got to talk with thee hubby ! (: Now it's time for me to hit the sheets . Goodnight fb ! 
Finally going to bed ! 
Most likely be up in 4 to 5 hours . 
What a long day it's going to be ! Lol . 
Well I hope everyone has a great day today . (: 
I can't freaking sleep . =| 
Someone hit me up ! 
Finally got thee letters written and sent off ! (: Now what is there to do ? Exactly , Nothing . Since there ain't shit to do out in the middle of fucking nowhere ! Hahaa . 
Had a good day with thee madre , and my little man ! (: 
Really hoping my freaking phone gets here sometime this week ! I hate having this crappy phone that doesn't even work where I freaking live . Gahh ! |= 
Watching Bambi with my little man . Hahaa ! (: 
Hopefully everything works out so I can finally start classes online . (: 
I can't sleep , once again !? =| What's next . Gahh !? 
Off to bed , nighty nite ! 
I guess , I can finally start to get ready . . Lol . 
So we can head into town , and get this shit done . 
Had a fabulous time today at the park with thee fam . bam ! 
Now it's time to feed my little man , and than watch some cartoons . :D 
Just woke up from a nap . . All I can say is damn , my hours be all fucked up ! Lol . 
- I'm Not Mean , I'm Just Being Real * 
Guys who stick up for girls are thee best ! (: 
Shut Up , You Love It ! ;) 
&& Off to bed I go . 
Goodnight FB ! (: 
Woke up an hour ago , and i'm still way too freaking tired . Blahh ! |= 
Stupid people these days ! It doesn't take three weeks to send a freaking replacement phone . Gahh ! 
Finally got confirmation to start doing classes online , starting Monday ! (: 
. . I miss your hugs , && how you held me tight when I was scared . I miss how you wiped away my tears no matter how bad things got , you were strong . But most of all , I miss how you held me up , && made me laugh through it all . . 
The only reason why everyone holds onto memories so tightly , is because memories are the only things that don't change when everything , and everything else does . 
This new chat sidebar shit totally sucks !? 
Thee little man && I are watching Mortal Kombat , and stuffing our faces ! Lol . What a good evening ! :D 
OMG , It's so boring ! |= 
Too Damn Tired To Finish Up This Movie " Fireproof " - So I'ma Finally Head Off To Lala Land ! ; Nighty Nite Facebook . 
Dear past , stop tapping me on the shoulders ; I don't want to look back ! 
- I believe in being strong , when everything else seems to be going wrong * 
Love is never easy , and distance doesn't make it any easier . But it does make you realize what you want ; what you need ; and most importantly , realizing that one person you don't mind missing is the one person you can't live without . 
Wow , I haven't smoked in four days . Yay for me ! Lol . 
There is no one else in this world that can make me feel so real . . 
I HATE MY FREAKIN PHONE , WITH A PASSION ! 
Okay , I'm So Done Posting Videos Now ! Lol . 
I have this freaking spider bite on my leg . It itches , stings , and it is way sore ! It's very uncomfortable . Gahh ! 
Well todays thee day ! Finally get to see what's going to happen !? 
Damn man , been online all day doing my classes for this week . Just to think i'm almost done ! Lol . Yay for me , once again ! (: 
When I See You Smile , It Makes My Life Worth While . . 
That's whatsup ! Finally got thee old sidebar chat thingy back . The new one they had was a peice of shit ! Lol . 
I'm not even tired , but I think I should try and get some sleep anyway . Lol . && I hope everyone who reads this has a fabulous day today ! :D Nighty nite . 
Had a wonderful day today . Spent time with thee familia before they leave , && received some fabulous news ! :D Hopefully it follows through though . Hahaa ! 
My Middle Finger Salutes Your Attitude !? (: 
Damn , my ass just woke up ! Lol . My nights and days be all fucked up again . Gahh ! But anyway , I hope everyone has a good afternoon ! :D 
- I Have So Many Things I Want To Say To You , But To Make It Short , Only Two Words Seem To Sum It ALL Up ; Fuck You * (: 
HAVE A GOOD && FABULOUS DAY TODAY ! 
A mom thinks about her kids , even if they're not with her ; ? . A mom loves her kids in a way that they will never understand ; ? . A mom will be there for her kids when no one else will ; ? . A mom will catch a grenade , take a bullet , stand in front of a train , & ask God to take her instead of her child . ? . If you have children that you love as much as I love mine , post this as your status . . 
Cheap ! It's been like a month now && I still haven't gotten my phone in the mail . " We apologize , we'll send you another one over night " Yeah right , that shits bogus man ! 
Damn ; I've been up all night trying so hard to do the things I was asked to do , && In thee end it doesn't even work ! So fuck it , I'm going to bed ; Goodnight ! 
Don't trust to much , Don't love to much , Because that to much will hurt you so much ! 
I guess I can finally go to bed . Hahaa ! 
All you FBers have a good Sunday ! (: 
Your First Crush Is Memorable ; Your First Love is Unforgettable ! (: 
Wow , today certainly sucks balls ! Lol . 
' Cause this love is a sure thing ' :) 
Holy shit man , how can people sleep here in Crow when a train comes by every freaking ten minutes ? Lol . That shit is ridiculous ! 
The last couple of days were pretty awesome . Enjoyed it by spending time with the other side of thee familia ! Good times . (: 
" your kinda , sorta , basically , pretty much , always on my mind " (: 
' Blahh ; Finally going to crash . . 
Just totally loving this weather ! :D 
Finally back at thee house , && still freaking phoneless ! |= 
Guys are automatically so much more attractive when they're funny !? (: 
Don't ever break a pinky promise , because that stuff is legit ! c (: 
" This Too Shall Pass " 
At 3 years '' Mommy I Love You . " 
At 10 years '' Mom , whatever . " 
At 13 years " My mom is so annoying . " 
At 18 years " I'm leaving this house . " 
At 25 years '' Mom , you were right '' . 
At 30 years '' I want to go to Mom's house . " 
At 50 years '' I don't want to lose my mom . " 
At 70 years " I would give up everything to have my mom here with me . " 
You only have one mom . Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom ! 
Had a GOOD day today , but Wednesday will be even BETTER ! :D 
Damn , I Give up !? 
Todays music is whack x2 ! The way it be sounding now , anyone can be just talking && than they consider it rapping . Hahaa ! Come on now , how lame is that . 
. . this world is filled with so much losers and " punks " . . hahaa . 
_ My Love For You , Sees No Limits * 
I so want some freaking SUBWAY right now ! 
Tomorrow's thee day ! :D 
" Go For Someone Who Is Not Only Proud To Have You , But Will Also Take Every Risk Just To Be With You " 
Shapps man , I hate it when I get super excited for something , && then it doesn't even happen ! That's just freaking great . 
" I Will Never Understand Why Guys Cheat On Pretty Girls With Ugly Ones " 
Off To Lala Land ! (: 
Just got some wonderful news that just made my whole freaking day ! :D 
Okay I lied , It didn't make my " whole " day ! =| 
FINALLY got my phone in the mail today . Lol . So to the people who have my number HMU ! (: 
There are " some " things i'll never be able to understand . . 
' you can't lie to your heart no matter how hard you try ' 
Just Remember ; I Actually Cared When No One Else Gave A Fuck !? 
[ . the worst thing about being lied to is knowing you weren't even worth the truth . ] 
Go to your profile page . Look to your left . 
First 7 friends listed are your zombie apocalypse team . 
No cheating . Go ! 
Sidekick : Jannica Whitetail 
Heavy Weapons : Julian D . Jobe 
The Idiot Who Survives : Jaris Goes Ahead Pretty 
Sniper : Joe SunSun Luke 
The One That Loses It : Regina Romero 
The Brains : Joshua Andersen 
Dies : Caitlyn Scott 
Fair tonight ! (: 
I'm very proud of who I am , there isn't another like me anywhere ! I'm not super hot or gorgeous . I don't have an amazing figure or a flat stomach . I'm far from being considered a model , but I'm me ! I eat food , have curves , love to wear my pj's , and will go without make up . I'm random and crazy , and I don't pretend to be someone I'm not I am who I am , love me or not , it won't change me ! (: Ladies put this on your status if your proud of who you are . 
OMG , the lines at the fair were freaking ridiculous ! 
Over all though , I pretty much enjoyed myself . (: 
If I have EVER made you smile , please click " like " then put this as your status to see how many you get . :) 
" Drama Never Ends ; Haters Are The Same ; Smile In Your Face , && Spit On Your Name " 
Wow , what to do today ! 
Any suggestions ? (: 
' Wonders ; If a couple were to trade their Facebook accounts and cellphones for 24 hours , how many of them would actually still be together ' 
What ever happened to the old days when a band-aid would fix everything ? 
' it's crazy how you can be in a relationship , && still feel all alone ; just because that person you love isn't ginving you enough attention or love ' 
Morning FB ! (: 
When a girl says she loves you , she actually means it with all of her heart ! (: 
Just woke up from my nap , && boy was it great ! :D Lol . 
My year is ' 2oo5 ' 
My age was ' 15 ' 
My relationship was ' Single ' 
My bestie was ' Me , Myself , && I ' 
My location was ' Billings ' 
The best thing to happen to me then was ' Getting off the rez ' 
Like my status , && I will give you a year . (: 
To all the people that has pushed me down , stepped on me , turned your back on me , hurt me , && even broke my heart - Thanks ! (: It just made me stronger than you . 
Well Shit , I Guess It's Bed Time For Me ! 
Hoping Tomorrow I'll Hear Some Good News . 
So With That , Goodnight Facebook ! (: 
Somtimes you have to stop worrying , wondering , doubting , && actually have faith that things will work out . Maybe not how you planned , but just how it's meant to be . 
' thinks there is nothing sweeter than the fact that in the mind of a child , a kiss will heal any hurt ' (: 
I make no apologies for who I am ! Take me or leave me ; It makes no difference to me ! 
Name : Elisha Josiah Rey Robles-Sifuentes <3 
Due Date : June 18 , 2009 <3 
Arrival Date : July 1 , 2009 <3 
Birth Weight : 8lbs 1oz <3 
Repost if your a Proud Parent ! (: 
Okay , This time your at a strip club . 
Use the first 7 people on your friends list on your profile . 
The pole dancer ; Julian D . Jobe . 
Bartender ; Wylie Rt 
The person trying to get you drunk ; Clifford Tillman . 
Wing girl/guy ; Ira Dust . 
Hottest person in the room ; Desiree Reilly . 
Drunk person in corner ; Thomas NotAfraid . 
Person that got arrested ; Donald Joseph Romero . 
I say this one's better than the last one . Lol . 
Everytime I hear the words ' I Promise ' - I sneeze ! Could I be allergic to ' Bullshit ? 
' I am hearing your words , but I am seeing your actions . . 
Good Morning Facebook ! :D 
Hope Ya'll Have A Great Sunday !? 
Okay , I just basically tried to upload a picture like 5 times , && that shit still didn't work ! Lol . It's most likely going to pop up a thousand times now just watch . . Wow , that's just going to be great ! Hahaa . 
I am who I am today because of all the things that I've been through ; the good , && the bad . Hence the saying , " Everything happens for a reason . " 
My mothers cupcakes are so damn delicious ! :D I could just take them , and have them all to myself . Lmao ! 
' I don't sympathize , cause you's a simple bitch ! (: 
Off to bed , Night nite FB ! (: 
' You Make Me Smile For No Reason , Yet I Have Every Reason To Smile About Having You In My Life ! (: 
He's my heart , my soul , my best thing that has ever happened to me , the source of many laughs , and every once in a while a few tears . He's my son , and He's my world . (: 
' I know I shouldn't , But you know I will ' (; 
* YOU ARE A SUPERHERO * 
Here are the rules : Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left ! 

* 1st person is your sidekick : Martin Lozano 
* 2nd person tries to expose your secret identity : Jaris Goes Ahead Pretty 
* 3rd person is your teammate : Jared Sinte Ska 
* 4th person is your arch nemesis : Mike FourStar 
* 5th person is your love interest : Donald Joseph Romero 
I always be getting the same people ! Whatsup with that man . Hahaa ! 
is having such a bad day today . . |= 
* If you hate me ..... Delete me ! 
* If you think I'm a good friend .... like my status . 
* If u ever liked me .... Poke me , I won't tell promise ! 
* If you like me now ..... Inbox me . ??? 
* If you wanna date me ..... Inbox me ! 
* If you're brave set this as your status ! :) 
YOU THROW A PARTY ! 
Here are your rules : go to your profile , look left at your friends & put down in order . 
1st- CRASHES THE PARTY : Jenny Reyes 
2nd- GOT TOO DRUNK : Regina Romero 
3rd- GETS LOCKED UP : Jannica Whitetail 
4th- STARTS A FIGHT : Leon Turnsplenty 
5th- JUMPS IN THE POOL NAKED : Thomas NotAfraid 
6th- GOES EARLY : Clifford Tillman 
7th- PASSES OUT : Destinee Jones-Larsen 
8th- VOMITS : Terrille Rattling Thunder 
9th- DOESN'T WANT TO LEAVE : Anthony Mazawasicuna Jr 
It is what it is . Hahaa ! 
. . pretty much just witnessed something ' very disturbing ! 
* Missing ' him ' to thee fullest , && there ain't shit I can do about it . . 
I hate the feeling of losing good people in my life , but there ain't nothing I can do about that either ! |= 
My Year . 2001 . 
Location . Poplar ! 
Relationship Status . Single . 
Would You Go Back To 2003 . I Don't Think So ! Lol . 
Like this , && I'ill Give You A Year . :) 
This strawberry icecream just totally hits the spot for me ! It's delicious . :D Hahaa ! 
FACEBOOK POW-WOW !! 
-- Use the 10 people on your friendlist on the left side : 
WHO SNAGGED : Andrew Gray 
LATE FOR DRUM ROLL CALL : Avery Bull Dat Shows 
STILL PASSED OUT FROM THE 49ER : Gilbert Martinez 
MISSED THEIR CONTEST : Anthony Mazawasicuna Jr 
MOST HICKIES RECIEVED : Caitlyn Scott 
BECAME A SUNDAY-LEFT OVER : Leslie Menz 
WHO TOOK FIRST PLACE IN THEIR CONTEST : Alicia Follet 
MADE A NEW SONG : Mikey Sioux 
RECIEVED CHO BEADWORK : Tory Lynn Granbois 
WHO'S LEAVING PREGNANT : Kelsey Carns 
' Every Woman Wants To Be Something Worth Fighting For . 
' Dear God , Please Grant Me The Serenity To Accept The People I Cannot Change , The Courage To Change The Ones I Can , And The Wisdom To Know Which Shithead Is Actually Worth It . 
It's so crazy how my son is such a perfectionist already . Oh yeah , && how he's already growing a freaking mustache at the age of two ! Lmao . Gahh , I love my little guy ! :D 
' I miss you , && I love you . ' I can't help it , I just do ! (: 
' All I Can Hear In The Silence Are The Words I Couldn't Say . . 
" You can be my sugar baby , && I'll be your sweet iced tea . You can be my honeysuckle , && I'll be your honey bee . " :) 
You are in a Mental Hospital this time around . 
Use the first 6 people on your friends list on your profile . 
1 . Drove me crazy ... Brandon Romero 
2 . Signed me in ... Bobbie Champ 
3 . My Doctor ... Anthony Cartier 
4 . Person in the corner drooling ... Randee Blank 
5 . My Roommate ... Joseph Carlos 
6 . Person who helped me break out ... Destinee Jones-Larsen 
- Even on my weakest day , I get a little bit stronger * 
Spending the day in Billings , so HMU ! (: 
FML ! |= 
&& Another night in Billings ! =) 
Starting my day out with some awesome ! Lol . (: 
(: 
FINALLY going to bed , && tomorrow it's Billings once again ! (: Goodnight FB !? 
Wow ! I totally dislike it when people tell other people to mind their own business on facebook , when there pretty much the ones who post shit first for everyone to fucking see . Now that's some stupid shit right there ! It's annoying . 
' I only gave up , because you stopped caring . . 
' In the end we only regret the chances we didn't take , the relationships we were scared to have , and the decisions we waited to long to make . 
' There comes a time in your life when you realize who matters , who doesn't , who never did , and who always will . 
Blahhh ! Fuck this , I'm going to bed . Night FB whores ! 
Damn , the weather today is crazy ! I dislike the coldness , && the wind it's bringing . Lol . Right about now I sure do miss the sun , so much ! 
I'm 16 weeks , && I'm craving for some freaking skittles ! (: 
Gahh , I'm so totally dying for a freaking cigarette right about now ! |= 
' My Weakness Is That I Care Too Much ' 
I'd like to wish my niece Alanis Jones-Bieber a very Happy ' 12th ' Birthday ! I haven't known you too long , but it seems like I've known you forever . Your a very good kid , and sister to your younger siblings ! I wish you many , many more birthdays to come . Enjoy your day today Alanis , ILY ! (= 
' doesn't even know what to think anymore . . 
' She shouldn't be your favorite girl , She should be your only girl . . 
' I want to live my life with no excuses , and live with no regrets . 
' I want to take the bad with the good , and know that I did my best . 
' Dear boys ; Be the type of guy you want your daughter to be with . 
' the best memories are the ones you can't explain . 
In Billings chillin ' for a bit , than back out to the sticks it is . . 
Being a young mom means we met a little early , but I get to love you longer . 
Some people say my life ended when I had a baby , but mine had just begun ! 
You didn't take away my future , you just gave me a new one . 
Repost if you're a proud young mom && when you became one ! 
* July 1 , 2009 ; Elisha Josiah Rey Robles-Sifuentes ! <3 * 
You're a victim in a horror movie . 
Go to your profile . 
First 7 friends are your cast mates . 
The one who runs back up the steps : Clifford Tillman 
Person who's always cussing : Brandon Romero 
Brave one with a plan : Mar A Joe 
Chick who's smart enough to grab a weapon : Terrille Joyce Rattling Thunder 
Random person who gets involved : Kassandra Estes 
Dies a terrible and completely outrageous death : Destinee Jones-Larsen 
The killer : Isaiah St Cyr 
Hahaa ! Crazy shit I tell ya ' . =P 
My body is literally aching all over , && it totally freaking sucks ! =| So much for trying to sleep ! 
Okay here's a question . Why is it when people drink , they end up smoking more than they usually do ? 
&& The pills finally kicked in ! Lol . Over all the aching , my night turned out to be pretty good . I actually enjoyed myself ! (: But off to lala land I go . Goodnight facebook ! 
Well shit , that's a bummer ! 
My freaking phone got shut off . 
Ain't that thee highlight of my day ! Lol . 
Okay wait , I lied ! It's still on . Lmao ! It wouldn't make calls , send any texts , && internet was down , so I assumed it was off . I guess I just had to turn it off , && turn it back on . Hahaa ! I'm good now . :D 
' In This World That We're Living In ; I'ma Make Mistakes , I'm Only Human . 
* This is for all the strong ladies , who have been through a lot in life , && survived ! 
' I am strong , because I know weakness . 
' I am compassionate , because I have experienced suffering . 
' I am alive , because I am a fighter . 
' I am wise , because I've been foolish . 
' I can laugh . because I have known sadness . 
' I can love , because I've known loss . 
* Repost if you're a strong woman who has weathered the storm , but still loves to dance in the rain ! (: 
' Is sick of hearing about deadbeat dads ! What about the deadbeat moms who make it difficult for these fathers to actually try and be there to be one ? #Just saying ! 
' && In thee end , we only regret the chances we didn't take . 
People these days just seem to amaze me ! The things they do , say , && try to be like . It's actually quite funny ! Lol . && That's what you call good entertainment people ! (: 
' Take Every Chance , && Drop Every Fear . 
Gahh , I'm like totally getting sick ! =| 
Where's my babe at when I need him ? 
&& My phone is out of commish ! 
Dear Immune System ; You Suck ! Sincerely , My Whole Body !? 
' Lord , give me the strength to overlook the faults , the stupidity of others , && not to knock the holy crap out of them , because It would really ruin my day . 
' You are the butterflies in my stomach that always seem to stay . ' The thoughts in my mind that never go away . (: 
' The minute you think about giving up , think of the reason why you held on for so long . 
Angry . Disappointed . && Lastly , Digusted ! 
My mother always said , " If you don't have anything nice to say , then don't say anything at all . " Now you know why I am so quiet all the time . (: 
- It's Forever , I Swear It * (= 
' The worst mind game , Over thinking a situation ! =| 
Sometimes you have to take chances . 
If those chances are a risk of getting hurt , you have to be ready . 
But at least you can say you tried . 
WAKE UP AFTER A WICKED PARTY ! 
First 10 Friends no Cheating , GO ! 
Wakes up naked : Thomas Savior 
Wakes up w/ a bunch of hickies : Clifford Tillman 
Wakes up w/ shitty pants : Brandon Romero 
Wakes up in the backyard : Anthony Cartier 
Wakes up wi/ their face drawn on : Leon Turnsplenty 
Wakes up hugg'n the toilet : Randee Blank 
Wakes up w/ their best friends bf/gf : Caitlyn Scott 
Wakes up in the tub : William Lambert 
Wakes up not remember'n attend'n the party : Chip Grainger 
Wakes up drunk : Lionel GrosVentre 
says , " Don't use your children as a pawn in your games of revenge . That's considered childish , ask anyone . " 
' && My Hope Dangles On A String . . 
You have to hurt in order to know , Fall in order to grow , && Lose in order to gain . But most of lifes lessons are learned with pain . 
' COPY THIS IF YOUR BRAVE ' 
I can't lie for the next hour ! 
Inbox me ANYTHING , or comment , && I will tell you nothing but the truth . 
I have no secrets , unlike the person I stole this from ! Lol . 
' Missing You Is The Easy Part ; It's Waiting To See You Again That's Hard ' 
' If it all fell to pieces tomorrow , would you still be mine . 
People say that hate is a strong word , but then again so is love , and people throw that around like it's fucking nothing . #RealTalk 
Wow , what a day already ! 
' It's not what you said , it's what you didn't say . 
Pryor bound , && then Billings it is ! 
Everyone have a lovely day !? (: 
I pretty much just now realized I basically raised my son all by myself . It's crazy to think about man , for real . I never thought I'd have to do it alone , but in the end it's all worth it . I have my handsome son who has my heart , and he's all I'll ever need . (: 
Just got done watching this movie called ' Paul ' 
It was freaking hilarious man . Lol . (: 
' I never make a promise I don't intend to keep . So when I say forever , forever is what I mean . 
Hate in my heart ; Love on my mind . 
I've seen nights full of pain , and days that are the same . 
So I keep the sunshine , and save the rain . 
I always search but never find ; I hurt but never cry . 
I've carried a child within my body . ? Slept with them on my chest . ? I've kissed there little toes , and wiped away tears . ? I've been vomited on , peed on . and spent sleepless nights cradling my child , but I wouldn't have it any other way . ? My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM , and there is no greater honor , love or blessing ! ? Post this if you're a very proud Mom . (: 
- The Only Thing I Can Do When You're Not Here Is Miss You * 
" I might have erased your texts , but I will never forget what you wrote . We might have stopped talking , but I will never forget your voice . We might have stopped hugging , but I will never forget how you smell . Anything we did , I will never forget . " 
&& Hopefully today will be better than yesterday ! 
The man I'm absolutely in love with leaves a mess in every room , spills his cereal every single time , kisses slobbery kisses , holds my finger instead of my hand , and says , " I love you mama . " (: 
I clearly have no idea why girls have to draw their eyebrows in . Do they not know people can notice every single time when they do ? I mean come on now , it just totally dominates your face . Lol . So can someone please explain to me why they do . 
I'm starting to wonder why I keep hoping . 
All hope ever does is set you up for disappointment . . 
It's better to accept the inevitable than to hope for the impossible . 
Damnit man , my phone is literally a piece of crap ! |= 
I most definantly need a new one as soon as possible !? 
" You make it so easy for me to dislike you , yet so hard for me to hate you . So easy for me to say goodbye , yet so hard for me to let you go . " 
The bad influence handcuffed to you : Ira Dust 
The wimpy friend crying in the corner : Martha Quiroz Sifuentes ; Lol . That's funny . 
The nutcase pacing the cell : Jaris Goes Ahead Pretty 
The first person you phone : Mar A Joe ; Hahaa ! 
The helpful police officer : Brittnee Miller 
The officer waiting to conduct a strip search : Tre ' Coffey ; Lmao ! 
The friend that bails you out : Regina Romero (: 
Finally going to lala land since I gave to be up in a couple of hours , which is totally fucking great ! = So goodnight , whack ass facebook ! 
Gahh , I couldn't sleep worth shit lastnight ! Pretty much only got three hours of sleep , && I'm already in town . Today's going to be a long day ! 
' I may be broken , but I've realized I'm strong enough to fix myself . 
- I Hate That Feeling When You Don't Even Know What The Fuck Your Feeling * 
I love you as much as you love me . . 
So If you hate me , It works out perfectly . (: 
" Know that life is just a game in which the cards are always facing down . I'm in a world where things are taken , and never given . How long they choose to love will never be your decision . " 
My bed is so totally calling my name right now , so goodnight all you fb'ers! (: 
Hi , Mommy . 

I'm your baby . You don't know me yet , I'm only a few weeks old . You're going to find out about me soon , though , I promise . Let me tell you some things about me . My name is John , and I've got beautiful brown eyes and black hair . Well , I don't have it yet , but I will when I'm born . I'm going to be your only child , and you'll call me your one and only . I'm going to grow up without a daddy mostly , but we have each other . We'll help each other , and love each other . I want to be a doctor when I grow up . 
You found out about me today , Mommy ! You were so excited , you couldn't wait to tell everyone . All you could do all day was smile , and life was perfect . You have a beautiful smile , Mommy . It will be the first face I will see in my life , and it will be the best thing I see in my life . I know it already . ... Today was the day you told Daddy . You were so excited to tell him about me ! ... He wasn't happy , Mommy . He kind of got angry . I don't think that you noticed , but he did . He started to talk about something called wedlock , and money , and bills , and stuff I don't think I understand yet . You were still happy , though , so it was okay . Then he did something scary , Mommy . He hit you . I could feel you fall backward , and your hands flying up to protect me . I was okay ... but I was very sad for you . You were crying then , Mommy . That's a sound I don't like . It doesn't make me feel good . It made me cry , too . He said sorry after , and he hugged you again . You forgave him , Mommy , but I'm not sure if I do . It wasn't right . You say he loves you ... why would he hurt you ? I don't like it , Mommy . 
Finally , you can see me ! Your stomach is a little bit bigger , and you're so proud of me ! You went out with your mommy to buy new clothes , and you were so so so happy . You sing to me , too . You have the most beautiful voice in the whole wide world . When you sing is when I'm happiest . And you talk to me , and I feel safe . So safe . You just wait and see , Mommy . When I am born I will be perfect just for you . I will make you proud , and I will love you with all of my heart . 
I can move my hands and feet now , Mommy . I do it because you put your hands on your belly to feel me , and I giggle . You giggle , too . I love you , Mommy . 
Daddy came to see you today , Mommy . I got really scared . He was acting funny and he wasn't talking right . He said he didn't want you . I don't know why , but that's what he said . And he hit you again . I got angry , Mommy . When I grow up I promise I won't let you get hurt ! I promise to protect you . Daddy is bad . I don't care if you think that he is a good person , I think he's bad . But he hit you , and he said he didn't want us . He doesn't like me . Why doesn't he like me , Mommy ? 
You didn't talk to me tonight , Mommy . Is everything okay ? 
It's been three days since you saw Daddy . You haven't talked to me or touched me or anything since that . Don't you still love me , Mommy ? I still love you . I think you feel sad . The only time I feel you is when you sleep . You sleep funny , kind of curled up on your side . And you hug me with your arms , and I feel safe and warm again . Why don't you do that when you're awake , any more ? 
I'm 21 weeks old today , Mommy . Aren't you proud of me ? We're going somewhere today , and it's somewhere new . I'm excited . It looks like a hospital , too . I want to be a doctor when I grow up , Mommy . Did I tell you that ? I hope you're as excited as I am . I can't wait . 
Mommy , I'm getting scared . Your heart is still beating , but I don't know what you are thinking . The doctor is talking to you . I think something's going to happen soon . I'm really , really , really scared , Mommy . Please tell me you love me . Then I will feel safe again . I love you ! 
Mommy , what are they doing to me !? It hurts ! Please make them stop ! It feels bad ! Please , Mommy , please please help me ! Make them stop ! 
Don't worry Mommy , I'm safe . I'm in heaven with the angels now . They told me what you did , and they said it's called an abortion . 
Why , Mommy ? Why did you do it ? Don't you love me any more ? Why did you get rid of me ? I'm really , really , really sorry if I did something wrong , Mommy . I love you , Mommy ! I love you with all of my heart . Why don't you love me ? What did I do to deserve what they did to me ? I want to live , Mommy ! Please ! It really , really hurts to see you not care about me , and not talk to me . Didn't I love you enough ? Please say you'll keep me , Mommy ! I want to live smile and watch the clouds and see your face and grow up and be a doctor . I don't want to be here , I want you to love me again ! I'm really really really sorry if I did something wrong . I love you ! 
I love you , Mommy . 
* Every abortion is just . . 
* One more heart that was stopped . 
* Two more eyes that will never see . 
* Two more hands that will never touch . 
* Two more legs that will never run . 
* One more mouth that will never speak . 
If youre against abortion , repost this ! 
' a trust means everything , but once it's broken a sorry means nothing . 
&& Why do things have to be so complicated ?! |= 
DUE DATE : June 18 , 2009 . 
BORN DATE : July 1 , 2009 . 
WEIGHT : 8lbs . 1oz . 
HEIGHT : 21in . 
TIME : 5:15 p.m. 
NAME : Elisha Josiah Rey Robles-Sifuentes ; ? 
Proud Parents Of : Chance Rey Robles-Sifuentes , && Anthony Albert Sifuentes ; ? 
Repost This If You're A Proud Parent ! :) 
Just got done watching , ' The First Wives Club . " 
I swear I'll never get tired of that movie . . 
Diane Keaton is ' thee ' shit in that one hey ! Lol . 
I'm pretty sure every little bad thing that ' could happen ' has already happened in the last 2 months ! Anything else from this point on that doesn't come out right couldn't possibly phase me . #RealTalk 
" Boy this fool has more comics than a muthafucka . " Hahaa ! Great movie , I tell ya ' . (: 
Wouldn't life be just perfect if sweatpants were sexy , Mondays were fun , Junk food didn't make you fat , Girls didn't cause so much drama , Guys weren't so confusing , Nothing was regretable , && Goodbyes only meant until tomorrow . . 
