No , I don't want any Patriotic Panties ! Stupid facebook ads 
Is aparently the new Michael Jackson . The real one will be missed though . 
pretty happy after a good weekend , and after getting to go to a party and see some really close PCC friends once more 
I'm trying to think of what's on my mind right now 
finally got behind the wheel of a vehicle today ... and nearly crapped his pance ! 
is now a permitted driver and organ doner ! 
Know what sucks , when there is this one person who the first time you saw them you thought they had absolutely one of the most lovable personalities and nicest smiles ever and you try to let them know that they mean so much to you in the little time you have around them and somewhat fail to do that then you keep in touch with them nearly every week you're not around them for a year and you see them only 
both times you plan to tell them that and fail each time , so you right one of the longest , heartfelt notes about them to show them the next time you're with them and when you finally find your grand chance to see them and maybe finally tell them that they've meant more to you than anyone else you've ever known you find out that they've just got into a relationship with someone else . 
saw airforce one yesterday on Otis Airforce Base . 
just got back from a Nickelback concert . 
enjoyed doing Thriller on stage at the Oktoberfest 
two times in that period , 
Snow day ! Woohoo ! Ha this is my first status update in like three months . Umm , giggidy , giggidy , goo ! 
hiked to the summit of a mountain . 
" We all pumped for physics now ! " - Mr. Leader 
Some day the Internet will become an ecosystem 
The Capital One vikings ask " what's in your wallet ? " My response - " everything ! " ( For all those who have seen my wallet before . ) 
First day of senior year tomorrow ! 
Well , I didn't expect today to go the way it did . I wound up hitting my head and learning what it was like to pass out cold with a concussion . ~ 
I've prioritized what I need to do to reach success . My main focus for now will be on boosting my processing/work speed . As I get better with that my time management should get better which means I'll be able to get more organized which will allow me to balance out school & other activities better which should open up more time for me to work on my book . 
Just watched Shutter Island . Talk about a clever movie . 
Got the detailed report for the SAT . I beat 95% of the kids at Mashpee High School on the writing section and 98% on the mathematics . Boo yah ! 
Just relaxing in my backyard . Know what , I feel like starting a Facebook group . I think I'll do that . 
10 out of 12 for the essay on the SAT ! 
Next time in school ( academic-ly ) it'll be senior year ! 
It's interesting to look at what a person may be faced with through out their lifetime . Even if you consider your own life to be a pacifying one it's definitely something to look at what things build us up as we grow up and to see how , while in a lot of ways we may think so differently due to our different experiences , in other ways we may actually think so much alike . -It all starts by looking at a singular person . 
Filmed the Expanding Horizons show Friday Night ; went out to breakfast and saw a movie Saturday ; and went to a Red Sox game , went to an Italian restaurant , and got desert from Mike's Pastries in Boston on Sunday . It's been a good weekend . 
Why can it be so hard to take an initiative on something ? If you take action with a goal things might not turn out as planned but if they turn out good , you've made a difference . Opportunities have come my way & there's been people I've cared about before more than I've helped them to realize . I've been very happy with my life but there's cases I think back to where I'd have to say , I wish I took the initiative . 
Just got home . I've been awake for 24 hours now . Talk about an amazing night of prom and post-prom ! 
Working on storyboard for my book/future feature film . 
Just got back from doing my first driving hours . - Who'd think if you could drive a standard you could also drive an automatic ? -just joking 
It's amazing how much facts about society will be covered up : more than 66% of you can be persuaded to kill another human being simply because you lack the abilities to resist ; the " Help Save the Planet " slogan is one of the least successful slogans out there ; it is usually as a result of stereotyping that stereotypes become true- call a child stupid enough times , they'll believe it to be true . 
Wholly crap ! I lost a lot of my pasty white-ness after spending a whole day at the beach yesterday . 
Driving's a lot more enjoyable when you know how to do it . My dad's Volkswagon ( an automatic ) finally got fixed so now I'm pretty much going to be driving around in that most of the time . 
I'm trying to think of what's on my mind right now ! 
Wholly crap ! -tomorrow's the last day of school ! 
Just saw Inception . -Christopher Nolan is still my favorite movie director ! 
There are chicks in my shack . 
Just got back from Bridgewater State . It was cool seeing the opening day for PCC once again . 
What the heck is all this stuff about likes , dislikes , and impressions !? ¿ 
You have fought well , SAT , but I am done taking you now . Boo yah ! 
That sign by the fair grounds said " Slow Officer Ahead " . Why's a slow officer on duty ? -joke 
My computer just told me that the virus database has been updated . ( It always does that . ) 
This is strange . The first few days of summer have gone by slowly but they haven't been boring either -I like this ! 
It's official ; I start work at Heritage on Saturday ! 
Just one and half more weeks of " Aww man , I wish we were back in school ! " before back in school and that turns into " Aww man , I wish it were vacation again ! " . 
Not a bad first day of work at Heritage ! 
So amazingly my hair hasn't turned grey yet . I was doing parking for the fair and the last three hours were the most stressful ever . All the lots got filled to the point that they had to be closed and people went nuts ! I was manning the exit gate and some people trying to sneak in even got to the point of giving me death threats ! Oy !!! 
My new scent is popcorn . ( Just got off shift from Heritage Theaters . ) 
Doesn't it suck when your drinking soda and it goes down ' the wrong pipe ' causing you to spit it everywhere . I just had to clean up my mini laptop screen ~ 
Just spent the whole night in my back yard watching for meteors . My count was 31 . Going to bed now . 
The Milgram Experiment- Proves it infact might not be so great to think like the normal person ... 
Had fun at the Heritage Theaters christmas party last night ! I got a cool anti-gravity ball while someone else got my snuggie lol . 
Has anyone seen myspace lately ? It seems like they're still trying to copy facebook and failing miserably . 
Boo yah ! Working from 12 to 6 today . 
Just got home from work at the movies . 
SAT , again , here I come ! 
Just got back from homecoming- couldn't stop dancing ! 
