happy halloween 
my birthday is on nov . 2 on mon .! :) 
attention everyone im moving to evermore on nov 13th just so you guys know im going to be at the rosemount libray the next week working on our culter fair progect from 3:30 to 5:00 ! 
monday was a good day 
whereing my tux tommarow 
going to guitar center at 4:30 yea :) lol 
bring my B.C RICH metal master on thrus to play some blues for chior oh it's going to be such a good day :) 
Be back in school soon battlefield bad comp 2 is coming out today yea being out of school sucks lol looking to start a band soon bassest and drummer wanted going to try to get brandon on bass because he got on for chrismas ROCK ON PEACE OUT :D 
be back in school very soon battle field bad comp coming out today yea ! ROCK ON PEACE OUT ! :D 
My dad just got diagnosed with 2nd state diabetes 
rock and roll is in my blood lol 
as brooke would say R : etardsA : ttemptingP : oetry 
did a few upgrades to my metal master guitar ( EVA ) restringed my guitar and added new fret markers called ( The Tree Of Life ) looks a lot cooler now can't wait till the choir consert :D 
My sis forgot to wake me up for school ON DAY THE HALO REACH BETA comes out !!!!! B 
A whole night of METAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
going to josh hugos house tomarrow to do some jammin ! greatist rhythm guitarist ever ! 
Halo reach beta is online ! 
JUSTIN GAYBER :D 
ms moe was sorta a jerk in chior today she only wanted me to play lean on me and was really not in the mood tho I just learned her child has straep throut ;( 
pre-chior consert went almost perfect for me 100 no mess ups the only thing was that the guitar was a bit out of tune but that was because of mis mo but its all good :D thx to all of you who supported me ...... oh and my rhoady cole lol 
funny line from gamestop i preorded halo reach here is what it said " The packing slip included in each shipment also serves as your receipt and makes a great paper airplane . " 
its time to start over 
dave mustaine for president ! 
Went to josh hugos house to jam amazing started band 
METAL HEAD MARKS 
Saw iron man 2 today .... loved it 
oh how i love fallout 3 :) 
I HATE RAP 
grrrrrrrrrr it wasint loud enough im so mad i played it perfectly but it was not loud enough !!!!!!! this is why i wanted to use the half stack 
new profile song Donkken 
top five of my favroite guitarists 

1 . Brooke Hessch 2 . Randy rhoads 3 . my dad :D 4 . van halen 5 . Dave Mustaine 
It's a storm yes !!!!!!! Puff the magic dragon ...... 
pro guitarists1 . randy rhoads 2 . alexi lahio 3 . van halen 4 . dave mustain 5 . kirk hammet 
I HAVE STARTED A BAND WE HAVE FOUR MEMBERS LOOKING FOR A DRUMMER 
rip paul gary 
i love b.c rich warlocks and beasts there the guitars i love to play for every person who hates b.c rich i think you should give them another chance ! /M\ 
just picked up the new exodus album called " exhibit B : The Human Condition " its one hell of an album ! 
hey ppl i hacked dis account -sarah 
going to guitar center for like 3 hours :D 
top three of my favroite guitarists 
1 . Randy Rhoads2 . Van halen 3 . Alexi lahio 
alright forming a band i got a 2nd guitarist anyone out there wanna join send me a message 
im tired of this pop stuff metal needs to come back people need to start having heart and talent !!!!!! its sad but true that pop is on top right now WE NEED TO KILL EM ALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ANTHRAX RULES !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Going off the rails on the crazy train 
i dont want to set the world on fire ..... i just wanna set a flame in your heart ......... 
i like thunderstorms , takes me back to the good times before all of this .... 
its time to move on high school here we come ! 
942 thats the days until this clown is out of the white house blah 
a part of me has died today 
:) 
just came up with an amazing lick gonna post a vid of josh and i jammin in a week :) 
why am i getting yelled at for nothing of my doing ? 
Eathier today or the 21st Dave mustaine is having a book sighning so I'm going to get an autograph of the frontman of my favorite band of all time megadeth :) 
will metallica make a good new album already ? 
livin after midnight rock ' n till the dawn 
dont stop me from doing what i love doing and that one thing is ROCK ' N OUT ! 
I would like to take a minute to say that lane if you ever do that again to me EVER i will beat you a lot more then I did you caused me a lot of pain today more then you know never do that again you jerk 
pain ......... thats all i need to say i guess 
Man , life is so hard and this high school drama is crazy I'm already sick of all the homework .... I just don't understand how sitting in a classroom can help me as a guitarist ? 1 
i am not gay or homosexual but I am getting really sick of people bashing gays its not a choice at all its how you were born , in the united states of america we are ( or at least should be ) all free men and women and no matter your god or your gender or your sexual ortion should be able to do what you want to do . So get the purple out and help these poor kids from being bullyed to the point of killing themselfs :( 
happy birthday Dimebag Darrell ! hope your jamm ' n with randy up there !!!! 
man , i dont know what id do without the power of music keeps me alive 
you know I love haters and I love people that love , haters make me happy as they show me the worst side of life that i was once and what i don't want to be , lovers show me the promise in the future of my life and give me hope . .. ever read the book " shes just not that into you ? " yea Gabriel i did but i dont care i still love her and i always will because i respect women unlike you . 
I have really bad people skills 
Can't get to sleep to depressed even nirvana is not working :( 
I swear to god , if I have to take one more test final im going to have a HAMMER SMASHED FACE 
Had a great time trick or treating with Brooke and Albert :) 
THAT WAS A FAIL LMFAO I ment to say after being hit in the head a couple times I no longer hate motley crüe LOL 
What Decade Fits Your Personality Best ? -- My Result : 1970's . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/207044/referrals/status?aid=1636616101 
bye , bye , White Stripes 
