BOO !!! Happy Halloween Everyone !!! I can't wait to take my little Angel Trick or Treatin ! She's gonna be a " Duck " . Too Cute !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my family & friends ! For it is you that I give thanks for ! 
An OLD WISE man once said There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of LIFE , getting back up is LIVING ~ 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or unfortunately much like my mom who is FIGHTING cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
“If you must speak ill of another , do not speak it , write it in the sand near the water's edge '' 
Had a wonderful time at Lee & Kelly Farris wedding . Unfortunately Kelli's Dad had a " open Bar " for us at Lakewood Yacht Club . Got Drunk , Lost Phone(2nd this week ) , took cab back home , now just need to find a way to truck at Yacht Club can't call cab or anyone else for that matter ... :( 
" The good friend isn't necessarily the one who immediately understands - it's the one who cares enough to keep trying to understand . " 
I would like to thank everyone for their support and prayers . I am very happy to report Mama Winters through a left punch(breast ) lol at that cancer and knocked it out ! After a 3 hour surgery there was no cancer cells found in her lymph nodes thus no cancer has spread the beyond her breast . They kept her overnight for observation and she was released Sat . She is resting and doing well ! 
When people tell lies , do they first convince themselves in order to convince others ? Or is it by convincing others they convince themselves in the process ? Just curious ... 
Dear Easter Bunny , this year instead of eggs filled with candy , can you please fill them will gas cards ... cause Candy won't get me to and from work !! Happy Easter to all my friends and family ! 
You can close your eyes to something you don't want to see , but you can't close your heart to something you don't want to feel . No matter how much you want to . 
Wanna know the TRUTH about Something or Someone , Give them some slack ! They will hang Themselves ... A Wise Friend once told me BullS#@ always much better ovbserved from the Back Row ! 
I just don't understand how some mom's think that by not letting their child see their dad that they are hurting the dad . But in the big picture the only ones that end up hurt are the children . You don't use your child as weapons in your war with your ex spouse , you might win some battles but in the end you will lose the war and your children's respect ... 
Oh dam ?!! Company party ! That's all I'm admitting ! Shhh 
If I had just one wish today it would certainly be , that I am to my children what my Mom is to me ! I love you Mom ... you really are a special kinda gal ! ;~)) 
Not everyone is meant to stay in ur life forever ... sometimes they are only there long enough to teach u the lesson that u needed to learn ! 
<= will be unstoppable ... As soon as I get started . It's that time !! Ready , Set , Go ! Let's do this 
Attention Programming Note : I am pleased to announce that all future episodes of the Charlie Springer show has been cancelled indefinitely . Stay Tuned for a new and improved programming I am sure that you will enjoy much more . Thank you for your time , We know return to our regularly scheduled updates . :-) 
Sorry cast member deleted 
Random thought of the day : If someone threw a rock and knocked you off your donkey , would you be stoned off your ass ? 
No matter which way were look at our pasts , we always remember the ones who made an impact on who we are today . 
I feel like something good is about to happen in the not so distant future . Remember you attract precisely what you think . 
All that you say , all that you do will become someones memories .. make all the memories of you be good ones !! 
It's not that sometimes I'm late . I'm actually a bit early . I'm just still on Pacific Standard Time and in the wrong time zone ... 
says a clean house is the sign of a broken computer . 
Therapy is just too expensive , but poppin ' bubble wrap is way more cost effective . 
is beating his previous record for number of consecutive days alive . 
is recommended by 4 out of 5 ex- girlfriends ... 
Some mistakes are just too much fun to only make once . 
I want to start a women's magazine called "" Period "" . And some months I'll send it out late just to freak out my subscribers . 
Thanks to everyone who is and has served for great nation ! 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . 
On this last day in May I am closing the door to the past ... so that I can open the door to the future , take a deep breath and step on through to start the next chapter in my life ... 
Automatic doors make me feel like I'm a Jedi ... 
Do women's breasts really swell in the summertime , or is it just me ? 
Dont wait for the perfect moment ... Take the moment and make it perfect .. 
Progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things . 
I just sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellant . Now , he'll never have any friends . 
* Alarm Clock * ( n ): An evil device invented by Satan to disrupt the peaceful sleep of otherwise happy folks at a predetermined hour . 
Help Wanted : Telepath . You know where to apply . 
Is sincerely hoping & praying that the woman that I had a amazing child with . Does not continue her Crimes of Parental Kidnapping & Parental Allienation that has gone on for 2 1/2 months . For it is not only Child Abuse it is a Crime and in Contempt of Court ! This will not be pushed aside ! This will be a game changer ... 
How come you never read about a psychic winning the lottery ? 
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have . 
How does Teflon stick to the pan ? 
Im about to go and visit with Macie and discuss my month long summer visitation with her mom ! Hopefully it will actually happen ... 
I can breathe again ... She is soo Amazing ! 
The next 31 days are going too be the best ever . Starting tomorrow 
Charlie's Angel is back 
Memories of grade school : naps , snack time , recess , and if you were bad , a hot middle aged teacher would spank you with her wooden paddle . It's so cool how everything thing comes full circle ! 
MIDDLE AGE TEXTING CODES : ATD -at the doctor . BEE - best friend fell . BTW -bring the wheelchair . BYOT -bring your own teeth . FWIW -forgot where I was . GGPBL -gotta go , pacemaker battery low . GHA -got heartburn again . IMHO -is my hearing aid on ? LMDO -laughing my dentures out . OMMR -on my massage recliner . ROFLACGU -rolling on floor laughing and can't get up . TTYL -talk to you louder ! Repost to share a laugh !! 
I upgraded to Vip seats so now I have got 2 tickets For Sale to the Rockstar Energy Uproar Music Festival on Monday at the Woodlands . Great Seats about 22 rows from the Stage ! Section 101 Row BB Seat #38 - 39 . Just asking what I paid $80 per ticket . Gonna be a great show with Seether , Sevendust , Three Days Grace , and and 5 more bands on three stages . Starts at 2:00 pm 
I have 2 extra tickets to to Rockstar Energy and Uproar Music Festival on Sept . 5 at the Woodlands Pavilion . These are great seats about 23 rows from the Stage ! SECTION 101 Row BB SEAT #38 - 39 
Bands on the bill : 
Hell or High Water 
Black Tide 
Art of Dying 
Escape the Fate 
Sevendust 
Bullet For My Valentine 
Seether 
Three Days Grace 
Avenged Sevenfold 
I have 2 extra tickets to Rockstar Energy and Uproar Music Festival on Sept . 5 at the Woodlands Pavilion . These are great seats about 23 rows from the Stage ! SECTION 101 Row BB SEAT #38 - 39 Just looking to get what I paid for them . $75 PER SEAT 
Avenged Sevenfold ( via Charles Winters ) 
