schools over ... finally 
give galarraaga the perfect game ! 
celts kicking ass ... keep it up boston ( you too bruins ) 
hung out with Evan Crossman friday and saturday ... jamming to pink floyd and zeppelin right now 
wow lebron ... sorry brendan 
am i the only person in monson who didnt lose power ? 
cudi ... love you bro 
4th place sox make me not care about tv ugh 
sick ... again 
Darnell McDonald- Bostons Next Bad-Ass 
going to the red sox/rangers game saturday ... im pumped 
no more ccd , im beaming 
me steve and hannah all won , pretty awesome 
went to summerfest , took a nap , went swimming ... what a good day 
talking to 7th graders on the bus makes me want to drive sooner 
kmart 
todays my birthday , turning 15's pretty good 
elections tomorrow ... steve for pres , hannah for vice pres , and me for treasurer . 
went camping at umass this weekend ... pretty sweet trip 
i hate you mount monadnock 
couldnt go to the movies :( 
just listened to a baby dropping f bombs in the mall 
buses are so boring ! 
today was ryans birthday ! i completely forgot . 
boston , time to win game 4 and bring it back to 2008 
hates the friend zone 
i have no idea where my grey nike sweatshirt is ... it sucks 
celts better kick ass tonight 
wow i chose the right sox game to go to ... extra innings , and new york lost . i bet jonny fab feels like crap now 
is it too much to ask boston to beat new york tonight ? because lately , i think it is 
my weekend is going great , since i didnt forget my phone or ipod at school 
congrats arod , now all yankee fans can go back to getting their asses kicked by tampa bay instead of watching you suck for days 
fridays here ... its about time , this week sucked 
schools almost over * imagine a big smile on my face * 
and just when i thought my day couldnt get worse , it got better 
lets go celts , dont make me pay jonny fab 
when all goes wrong ... get kevin cash 
maine for the week , and umm ... go sox 
aw yeah raking leaves yeah 
just went biking all day , im so sunburnt 
there are many things that i would like to say to you , but i dont know how 
first match of black ops , 15-7 
step up , the best movie to make fun of on a bus trip 
i have never played a more dramatic game of wiffle ball in my life than today haha 
jayson werth on the nationals is like michael jordan on a minor league basketball team 
on my way to the 1:30 sox game 
somethings gonna change soon , i hope 
at cabelas in portland , maine ... so sweet 
8th graders in MHS is like having double the freshman 
walking through new york city with the biggest , reddest red sox shirt i could find 
so pathfinder , how many more kids are you gonna throw back to monson ? 
people who live near kmart are way too cool 
The Last Exorcism with Lexie Arbour , Evan Crossman , and Amy Haggerty 
like this and i'll tell you what i like and don't like about you 
in baseball , you have to be amazing if your name is roy 
did anyone besides me watch halladays no hitter last night ? 
thinks that new york fans must love cliff lee after last night 
I love you divorce court ( judge joe brown too ) 
has had two weeks of ups and downs , but everythings fine now that its christmas 
micks scaring customers at totally tan away with his reindeer costume wow 
welcome to boston , mr gonzalez 
bus broke down ... im still waiting to go home 
nitro ball . 
gym 
its gettin late but i dont mind 
woke up 2 hours ago from one really good friday night 
and if your brother dont like my style , we could take it to the streets , we could take it to the streets 
i think i want wedding crashers at my wedding , they know whats up 
merry christmas everybody ! 
and just when i thought boston couldnt get much better , along came crawford 
sick , great 
