Some things are better left undone , Some fights are better left unwon , Some sad songs better left unsung . 
Some fires are better left unfed , Some pages better left unread , Some words are better left unsaid ... 
And Im surrounded by , 
a million people I , 
still feel alone , 
I wanna go home ... 
I'm in 29 Palms CA , literally in the middle of the desert , surrounded by mountains . 
Girls are like fire . Warm , beautiful , cook your food . But ya get too close .... 
At the Saliva and Seether concert . Wish you were here . 
Concert was awsome . I never been crowed surfin b4 , not a bad expierience . 
" Inside every cynical person , there is a disappointed idealist . " 
George Carlin 
I'll be home soon 
I'm home 
I'm at good times 
Looong ass week . Goin out . 
And all at once the crowd begins to sing 
Sometimes 
We'd never know what's wrong without the pain 
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same 
I thought that I should tell you 
If it's not to late to say 
I could put back all the pieces , 
They just might not fit the same 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To 
not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
I know I've been gone for what seems like forever but I'm here now waiting , 
to convince you that I'm not a ghost or a stranger but closer than you think . 
She said , " just go on to what you , pretend is your life but , 
Please don't die on me " 
Seether concert 2nite . 
Facebook : A stalkers best friend 
And the longest hours I've had in my life 
Were the ones that I went through to know I was right 
So I'm safe , but I'm a little outside 
I'm gonna laugh when I'm buried alive 
Ya know what sucks most about bein on the west coast . They don't play any Phillies or Flyers games . 
I want to get a vending machine , with fun sized candy bars , and the glass in front is a magnifying glass . You'll be mad , but it will be too late 
Just graduated MCT . On my way to Cali now . 
I remember the look in your eyes 
When I told you that this was goodbye 
You were begging me not tonight 
Not here , not now 
We're looking up at the same night sky 
And keep pretending the sun will not rise 
Be together for one more night 
Somewhere , somehow 
Fun fact #127 : Beer containes all 17 vitamines and minerals needed to sustain human life :-) 
I ran 3 miles today . Up a mountain . In the desert . 2500 feet above sea level . It was difficult . 
wtf was that all about ? 
A little piece of me grows old , I keep on walking down this road . 
I've seen a million people change , but I will stay the same ... 
Happy Birthday to all of the U.S. Marines out there . Semper Fidelis 
Happy Thanksgiving 
I see , see shadows 
Of who we used to be 
When we were , only kids 
And we were , best of friends 
And we hoped , for the best 
And let go , of the rest 
Kareoke nite + beer = good times :) 
:) 
CFT . 10 minutes of hell . Lets go . 
Splice was the worst movie I have ever seen . 
I don't know what it is you see in me 
Cause I'm everything you won't believe 
Wish you'd just stop and walk away 
We'll go our own separate ways 
Cause it's too late , I just can't stay 
