studyyingggg ... :) 
i just want to be successful & hearts ; 
love conquers all right ? 
awww my man MJ ...!! :( 
so tired of lames . 
tall is sexiiii 
me myself and i is all got in the end thats what i found out aint there aint no need to cry i took a vow that from now on imma be my own best friend ... i totally agree with beyonce :) Loll 
hmm ... thinking ..?? 
woot woot !! 
“To be your friend was all I ever wanted ; to be your lover was all I ever dreamed " 
some dudes are soo full of . omgg but its okayy .. time will tell right ? .. well if this is you heres what you should do . dont even come up . dont say stuff you know aint true . whats the use , lets not play the game ! 
OKKK ... lets try this again .. G ; nite Facebook .. Cinnamon Toast Crunch gave me the ITIS !!.. hahaha that should do the trick ;) 
kinda LOVE the rain ... sometimes ! 
damn life is so difficult so complicated ! 
just finish watching American History X with my cuz !.. GREATT movieee ! 
" My night has become a sunny dawn because of you . " -- Ibn Abbad 
oh yea ... Good Morning Fellow Facebookers ! 
=] im sooo happi 
you ever just clean , and then OD with it and clean the whole house lmaoo .. yeahh thats what happened to me today .. it started in my room .. then the kitchen .. then the bathroomm .. then the kitchen floor .... LOLL .. wow , sounds like i was having sex .. LMAO 
how do i delete tagged photos ?! 
jamming to Last Chance by Genuine 
sooo much on my mind ! .. && soo excited ! 
am i the only one awake on facebook ? lol 
iiii CANT SLEEP !! 
age aint nuthin but a number thats what i say ! 
nahh ill have some Cinnamon Toast Crunchh !! 
motherfucka im ill . lol . ;/ 
I have this sudden urge to read . 
goodnite yaall !! 
ive learned something really important today : Youve got to be CRUEL to be NICE .. 
Do not dwell in the past , do not dream of the future , concentrate the mind on the present moment . 
aww crap i got soo much reading to catch up on ! 
i soo need NEW piCZ :] !! 
if you havent seen Hangover .. or Ugly Truth .. Please see it !! its Great . SSOOO fuckin funny MAN ! 
have u ever just seen someone walk down the street with soo much confidence .. just looking all happy and blessed ..! like a angel on earth ..?? yes ! that was me ! ! ;) 
juss taking a break from some research .. omg ive been on csi campus allll day ..! i gotta get outta here =) latah facebook ! 
can somebody tell me some cool shopping places in the city or bk ?? somewhere i can get good prices !! 
do people actually read those " me quizzes " lol 
about to eat a bowl of Special K , with the strawberries in it ! mmm ..! 
i want to be model ! 
onn my skoo ish ! 
i make stupid choices but they only make me wiser 
gotta clean my room , do my hair , get my labtop fixed ...! go to kohls and change my availability probably pick something up ... hmm wut else ? any ideas ?.. holla at me :-) 
yoyoyoyo 
its a new day ! 
confused :/ 
gotta get my hair relaxed but i keep combing it Loll , its hard having short hair , cuz u gotta keep up with it .. It looks a mess if I don't flat iron it atleast every other day , thats a lot for a black chic ! ugh 
then work .. about to change my major 
=( sad face b-cuz it represents my mood .. sad 
thanks ;-] 
hot wuk hot wuk hot wuk ! 
SLEEP . 
im out ! ;) 
webcam sucks lol 
duttywine duttywine duttywine !!!! 
ughh .. when will i learn to drive finnallly ?! 
determination !! ;) i luv it ! 
missing my babii ! 
talkinn to my baby =) 
too sexy for pajamas !! ;P 
i makes stupid choices but they only make me wiser 
Jesus is my homie ;) 
relationship 1 : you and God relationship 2 : you and other believers in God . relationship 3 : you and the non-believers 
chillen out ! 
feeling beautiful lovely gorgeous genius poewerful insanee and amazing . g'nite fb :) .. sleeping lovely zzz 
im outtie ! 
GOD in me . 
hahahahaha ! loll dunno why im laughing .. Good Morning Facebook ! ;) 
Psychology Convention yesterday was very interesting .. 
espanol manana and sicologia :) 
I absolutely LOVE the thrill of life !!!! :) 
Does any fellow CSI students know the Promo Code for internships.com ??!! Please let me know if you do ??!! 
offf to bed ! tomorrows a new day cant wait ! 
thats corny , i thought you could use tatoodle and make a layout for your facebook ! thats so dissapointing ! I mean like , really .. when will be able to customize our crap ! 
Audra's Halloween party Saturday ! I can't wait :) .. Getting myself a costume today !! Don't u LOVE picking out costumes ! hmmm .. What should I be > ??! 
Had fun this weekend ..! Now back to studying !!!! ;p :D wish me luck !!! 
I'm Bad !!! 
Psych Test TODAY ! give it to me baby I'm READY !! Loll ! 
like my new pic ? 
NEwww YORKKK .. theres nuthin u CAN''t DOOoooOO ! ! ! 
sleeping ..... end . 
SCHOOLTIMESCHOOL TIME SCHOOLTIME !! .. woot ! ;) 
Does anyone know the Promo Code for interships . com ??!!!! Please say yes ! 
ummm .. talking to darnellie !! 
im gonna be a belly dancer :P !!! :) 
:D 
lalalalala ... & hearts ; 
ahhh no more of this pleaseee&hearts ; 
manana : espanol Y sicologia ! happi ? lol 
don't try so hard cuz you want to be mine because w/any relationship it just takes time just be yourself and u will see that maybe we truly r meant to be 
& hearts ; :D bak to work now ! 
lol dont be mad at my Moment of Truth responses LOL i didnt read the questions i just clicked Yes , No Yes , No , Yes , Noe .. etc . byeee 
so much on my mind .. hmmm ??... 
hey im at the loop bus stop in front of 2a 
everything is on my my mind school work is just finee but something else just makes this pounding feeling in my heart , i get this lump in my chest and i just cant speak , u make me speechless .. i just cant separate my lips to speak .. can u feel the heat ? 
gotta go with my sis to Kohl's later ! 
The Show was a BLAST !!!!!!! :) 
I love being ME ! 
essay ! 
yay , my mom is finally home !! 
Be the change you want to see in the world :) 
i miss uuuU !! 
on my way to a GREAT LIFE & no onee is going to stop me ! <3 
in this world there are not that may ppl that will genuinely care about u , but some will . so don't forget to show them how much they mean to u ! 
i betta get a lot of x-mas gifts ! lol ! :p 
MERRY X-MASS EVERYBODY :D :D 
yay i am home finally & im leavin again 
WOAH ..! =} GOTTA GET BACK 2 cLASS 
i love my nose . by the way :D 
al rashawn sweetie pie lol 
im too sexiii bayyybieee ! 
going to see the tree and ice skating this evening with Albert Nickerson . 
on my grind ;) 
i really hope i start feelig bettah 
wow my step dad got madd reggae songs we could be listening to at parties , im tite :/ 
mims ! 
what a beautiful night . had a nice time tonight .. 
purple lace ... <3 
haha 
2010 Fashion Show , I'm wit it ! 
off to see legion !!! 
so tite the jets lost ! 
going to the mall with jamila 
Do it trembling if you must , but do it ! 
studying for spanish , english hw and acting !.. oooo acting is great ! 
What would you do if u knew u couldn't fail ?!! 
Many things are on my mind , whats my future ? What am i destined to do ..? How can I make my dreams come true ? slowly but surely ill get there . You just have to make a plan . Stay motivated and confident and have extraordinary drive ! Anything is possible , you just gotta take a chance ! 
HOLLAAAA .. HELLOO ... GOODMORNING EVERYONEEE !!! RISE AND SHINE ! .. THE WORLD AWAITS U !! :) WOOOTWOOOT !! WOOHOOO !! I LOVE U PPL . 
Focus : G-0-D 
legion was poppin 
on mah straight scholar swag rite now lmao , srry darnellie , i soo stole that frm u ! llol 
love = loving yourself <3 
yay !! going shopping !! 
aw u got a new shortie ! 
He is ... 
So much on my mind .. 
broadway dance center ! 
does anyone know a great place to buy dance clothing ; like for ballet/jazz etc . ???? 
wish i could fly ... 
listening to chris brown's brown skin girl 
youre way tooo beautiful girl , thats why it will never work ! ;p 
why is it that the ppl we love dont love us back and the ppl that love us we dont return it OR we dont believe its real , im hating this right now . I don't understand this . Can someone explain ? 
What's a quick way to save up money ..???? ... Like $ 1,500 . 
lmaoo wow , reading ppl comments :p .. Ahh back to school ! 
Thinking about what my purpose is in life ?? 
is Beautiful ;) 
OMGG cant focuss ; fb isn't helping ! lol 
***** ATTENTION*****GET YOUR CAR WASHED TODAY BY THE LADIES OF FASHION PENTHOUSE AT THE OFFICIAL PRE-SUMMER CAR WASH ! ( ~ AUTO SPA ON 511 BAY STREET , S.I , NY ~ ) !! ..... JOIN FASHION PENTHOUSE AT OUR LAUNCH BANQUET AT THE CROWN PALACE NEXT SATURDAY ( ~ 201 NEW DORP LN , S.I , NY ~ ) ! CONTACT ME FOR MORE DETAILS OR EMAIL FASHION PENTHOUSE PRODUCTIONS AT SUPPORTFPP@GMAIL.COM ! 
wen all fails ; go shopping . > ! <3 
Girls are like phones . We love to be held , talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected ! 
lol . what a funny easter today .. :) had a good time with my fam , now studying for the rest of the night . don't bother me lol .! 
" We make a living by what we get , we make a life by what we give . " 
who cares what they say ??? 
Done with my past ! & on with my present , and Future ! Muah to you all ! Love you all !! :P 
Lol , i check my friend requests and I get one from my MOM . I really find this hillarious . 
It's BEST FRIEND week ! ? Repost this if you have a BEST FRIEND whois always there for you , and you appreciate their friendship 
ahh i feel like soo lonely these days ;( 
its my brother Clifton , my step father , and my brother-in-laws b-day ! 
Websterrrr Halll ...! : b 
yay ! Ralph's is open ! :D who's joining me ?? 
WOW ! what a great day , u know ppl take life for sometimes don't we smh ! lol . We need to learn how to enjoy life and do the things we love . :) 
Fb is annoying . LOL but I'm still here ... wassup everybody ? 
I hate when i loose a Friend ! 
I don't get the purpose of pokes ... 
all SMILES today ! ... almost 
hahahaha 
I'm going to be FAMOUS ! 
asdf space jkl ; -mavis beacon 
I have found the one thing that has made me happy . And that was loving myself . I never have loved myself as much as I do now ... & I intend on keeping it this way . I have something within me that cannot be changed because God's heart is in me ! It is only when you truly love yourself that you can give your heart to those who love you . I <3 u ! 
feeling like blah . <3 
HEyy I Forgot to say THANK U GUYSS fo alllll of the B-day love :)) ;P . I just now saw all the b-day comments I got today ! yay . 
sweet fantasy 
Ughhh im so tired 
sweet fantasy by mariah carey . 
Venus and Adonis Assign ., Yellow Wallpaper essay , Dance Resume , Look up performing arts schools , and X-Change 4:13 all before my day is done ! :) 
i have a lot on my mind running out of time to find the right words to sayyy .. if u know me .. u will see the games they wanna playyy .... lol 
The Banquet turned out to be a great success !!!! :) :) Congratulations !! TO ME & ALL MEMBERS OF FASH PHENOMENON ! 
You made a fool of me , tell me why ?? 
watching The Decision . 
JOIN FASHION PENTHOUSE AT OUR LAUNCH BANQUET AT THE CROWN PALACE NEXT SATURDAY ( ~ 201 NEW DORP LN , S.I , NY ~ ) ! HIT ME UP FOR MORE DETAILS OR EMAIL FASHION PENTHOUSE PRODUCTIONS AT SUPPORTFPP@GMAIL.COM ! 
* Fash Phenomenon 
cordially invites you to a flamboyant social cultural event 
called*AFRICOLLABO * It takes place on JULY 17th @ Edge Water on 691 Bay 
Street , Staten Island , NY . It is the talk on Staten Island ! Don't miss 
the fun ! R . S . V . P and contact a member of Fash Phenomenon for tickets . 
TICKETS ARE $20 FOR GUYS 21 & UP and $15 FOR LADIES 18 & UP ! Please join us for this * PHENOMENAL night ! ( pun intended ) LOL 
* Fash Phenomenon cordially invites you to a flamboyant social cultural event called*AFRICOLLABO * It takes place on JULY 17th @ Edge Water on 691 Bay Street , Staten Island , NY . It is the talk on Staten Island ! Don't miss the fun ! R . S . V . P and contact a member of Fash Phenomenon for tickets . TICKETS ARE $20 FOR GUYS 21 & UP and $15 FOR LADIES 18 & UP ! 
Please join us for this * PHENOMENAL night ! ( pun intended ) 
ahh well , off to bed . had a long day today . 
can't sleep 
Tyrese = Edible <3 On my old school flo taking it back Monica- Angel & Shouldve Known Better ! 
is at home relaxing on her bed thinking about Him . He's so specoal this God almighty ! :) 
gonna be at school ALL DAY today ! 
Can't sleep :( 
chillen like a villian 
" he might be nothing to you but he's the shit to me " Kanye West 
Mmmm .. 17 inches :D 
Leave me the f *** alone if I don't like you . thanks ! ;) But , on a happier note I got to see my hubby tonight ! you made my night babe :) .. Gn facebook . 
wondering about life .. how interesting it can be .. you never know which way it will take you . 
wondering about the things you usually don't have time to think about . Trust me its not always a good thing .. you might wind up thinking about an ex ! :/ #Frustrated . lol 
is listening to Black Violin 
So bummed , I left my cell phone home again ! 
I once wished i was beautiful & forgot , I already am . I wished I were perfect & hey , I'm actually pretty damn close , I wished I could have someone who cares & i got this one hot guy with great personality who loves everything about me , even on my * OFF days . .. because I'm perfect in his eyes . Couldn't ask for anything more ! :D ..? I love you baby ! 
I love learning about Jesus 
I know that in which i must do , and I will do it ! 
Ive brought so much pain among the people who care . God help me ! Are you there ? Are you listening to my prayers ? 
F **** Noo ! 
miss my thighs :( 
I hate when I lose a Friend :( 
can't wait to upload new pics ! 
Whats the point of fb if you cant post what u really want to ? 
Texts can be so annoying :P 
just finished watching the Sweetest Thing 
he is ... 
