might get a haircut . Maybe . 
is severly addicted to Bejewled Blitz . 
so amped for Malaysia-land 
should be a little less mildly intoxicated when dealing with boiling water . 
has no problem with lit phospherous . 
is so happy to be home :) 
' s iPod keeps playing non stop Beatles on shuffle ... 
spotted some ethnic hotties :) 
looks like a vampire ? 
wants to congratulate whoever egged my sister ... Haha Tessa . 
doesn't want to go to work , would rather enjoy the rain ! 
always knew slaggy Lindsay was from Vulgaria .. 
loves that London Bridge is in Arizona . Apparently . 
Another dream about stationary shopping ? Wow . How lucky am I . 
really should have started this Geo a while ago ... 
is terrified of Malaysia 
saw Michael Jackson . He taught me how to shoot a blow dart . 
has a feeling that everything's going to turn out just fine ... 
isn't going to bother with comedy . Just gonna rockclimb outta here . 
Buff like fiddy but ginga with a beard ... 
in the dining room . With the candlestick . 
feeds her cat people food , as she doesn't like the smell of cat food . 
It's like the difference between clever and cleaver . 
I don't know anymore , what I need and what for , all I know is there must be something more . 
was reading her book in her exam and laughed silently . Then looked up to see Mr Seaman laughing at me :( 
Hamish : " I wish lettuce was meat flavored " 
has a new appreciation for duck diving . Man those little guys can dive ! 
found the History exam weirdly enjoyable . Maybe it was envisioning King James standing on a table with a glass of whiskey saying " Why can't everyone just get along ?! " 
is done with exams . What to do with my day off tomorrow ... what to do ... 
wishes every party had a theme . 
is sick of being nice to people . Also , she's done with pretending to laugh . 
grazed her hands as she tripped on the stairs . Again . 
is vaguely unimpressed . 
just remembered why she has to drink from the plastic cups ... 
It's the only way to stop the stilettoed cockroaches . 
is in love .... yuck . 
has some wicked sweet prizes for the Junior Social on Friday ! Oh , to be year 9 again ... 
Papa D knows far too much about our lives ... I think it's coz he can read minds . 
thinks that sleep is for the weak . 
loves how terrified the hairdresser was ... 
cut some sweet moves on the d-floor with the juniors :) 
should always listen to her instincts . 
can't eat bread as she is lovesick . 
loves that her Dad left $15 on the kitchen bench with a post-it saying " lollie money " . 
will win that stamp back off Liam if it's the last thing she does . 
Mood swings ? Mood swings . 
is up unnaturally early for the first day of the holidays . On the upside her fridge is filled with coke :) 
' s drawings of butterflies are much much better than Simon Ellison's! 
' s eyes have been struggling to stay open . 
probably wouldn't like nearly so many status ' if pirate's like button didn't say " Arrr , This be pleasin ' to me eye . " 
The zebra is dancing . 
thought her impromptu " reading " went quite well . 
' s subcard has a ballance of one dollar eleven cents . She nearly cried . 
has a much needed day off tomorrow . Recovery willl be excellent . 
is hopelessly addicted to caffeine . She tried to go a day without it , but gave in to the headaches . 
you're lacerating me ! 
can't stop watching cheesy dating shows . 
come on Eileeeeeen ... I have been described as " Godly " ... good day . 
It's like Ribena with added fun ! 
thinks all the best people have scars ... 
hopes that the video of her singing the Hallelujah doesn't make it to the internet , Sarah Starkey 
wants a drop dead fred of her very own .. 
just frightened another builder with her tie dye sleepwear . 
isn't sure why Spanish music is playing in the dining room ? 
Burnt toast reminds me of toasted marshmellows ... I think that says something for my marshmellow roasting skills .. 
' s train of thought after seeing Jonas the gypsy again : Jonas Jonas Jonas Jonas Jonas Jonas Jonas 
I dreamed I got married and then bought pencils . Awesome . 
more sleep please . 
now has no feeling in the tip of her left thumb . 
must be the only person on the planet who can cut herself while emptying a mop bucket . 
' s first day of school shirt was ACE 
might see Jonas the gypsy today ... It's been too long . 
dreamed of ways to make the ultimate fort with Tessa next week . 
i have wet pants 
secretly knows the meaning of life . 
breakfast on the balcony ? 
The question is why , but the answer is how . 
needs some space . Maybe a mental health day is in order . 
loves that pirate english makes her push buttons to try and figuer out what's going on . 
only cried a little bit while watching " Concert for George " 
took Matt's advice . 
thinks that it's sad that people can't understand her genius . But she hopes that the novel will help . 
There's no time for hatred , only questions . 
would love to be a ghost in a floral sheet . 
found some juniors from the social on her way home from work and re-enacted some social moves with them ... 
Cantebury or Vic ? Weir or Bishop Julius ???? AHHHH 
is sad she couldn't go to the nazi zombie movie . 
apparently it's typical skinhead behavior . 
knows a lot about Starbucks . 
always pulls faces at cars . 
Alex Hedley didn't really help . 
had a terrifying reminder of a Malaysian experience she shared with Laura Harris today . 
just accidentaly called her cup " the passion tea mobile " out loud . 
... how ' bout it then ? 
He's so mysterious ... 
had a small freak-ut when she realised how lonely she'll be next year . 
used to know . 
' s day off got cancelled :( 
is reaping the benefits of making her espresso machine work . 
always feels very cultured studying english . 
knows too many Andys . Perhaps a John would be better . 
cries too much in movies . 
could have sworn she was wearing her ring a second ago ... 
Thanks team for the birthday wishes ! Much appreciated :) 
loves loves LOVES the Devendra Banhart album Dea Majstorovic got for me 
is not ignoring anyone , her phone is just not currently functional . 
was worried when she saw even Mat Watkins had finished his hostel application forms , so got hers done today ! Legend ! 
thinks Made of Honor shouldn't make anyone cry like that . 
hates the weather . It's a conspiracy to make her wear shorts and FREEZE TO DEATH . 
' s glad nothing has changes at work . At least , not too much . 
can . 
only drinks from a plastic starbucks cup . 
is on a pig's back , charging through a velvet field . 
how very dare some of you be done with your exams . 
wouldnae dare flick her hair . 
will try and stop interrupting people . 
I've got a face , you've got a face , it's all going to be alright . 
thinks you aren't as funny as Uncle Mike . 
will struggle to find a reason to get out of bed tomorrow :) 
and Tessa Dever just hiccuped in unison . HOW DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING ?? 
and Tessa Dever somehow just sneezed in unison ?! 
is gonna swim with the fishies 
doesn't mind numbers . Easiest way to block out the mind chatter . 
is a little confused ... was that the last day of school ? 
had a little too much fun making up stuff in Geo ... Now to teach Tessa about Stalin !! 
loves her enrolment handbook . She's gonna sleep with it under her pillow . 
would love to live in a factor tree forest . 
woke up in Bernard's boot . 
can't spend all of her money on coke and lollies , coz she won't know her way around the supermarket . 
might sleep for the next week . 
thinks there's nothing better than a good sit after a long day at work :) 
is copying and pasteing bits of status ' to write this . Damn keyboard ... 
is far too easily swayed by accents . Especially Irish . 
No more talking ... 
MLIA brings up some interesting problems . What was Scar from The Lion KIng called before he got his scar ? 
It'll be like a tea party , but with chips . 
did substititution . As opposed to substitution . 
thinks that milk was definitely a bad choice . 
thinks Ethxn McAulayis a Facebook slut 
and every breath we drew was Hallelujah 
would name her supermarket trolley Indemnity . 
; The Art of Walking Upright 
would like to apologise for embarrassing Simon Ellison in front of his sister . 
Ye couldnae sink the yarn n ' hide yer ill deeds from pryin ' eyes . 
very much enjoys her current state of mind 
forgot to return her library books . Zip's Apollo and Vinegar Street get to stay with her an extra night . 
shall get a perm . 
loves that her dad just asked when her birthday is and how old she'll be . Good one Dad . 
shared a smile with the Bishop ... Love you David . 
hates that Ethan's always right . 
and black books are best friends . 
You think you can defeat me with your rebellious beard ? 
bought the soundtrack to Where the Wild Things Are . Christmas shopping is not good for her . 
NEEDS to know who her secret santa is ! 
should probably be more careful at work . Todays total : three burns from hot water , two steam wand burns , one cut on knuckles and more spills than could be counted . 
keeps forgetting how deathly pale she actually is . 
appreciates Tessa's thoughtful MySky recordings :) 
can't find her sunglasses :( 
isn't making a potato salad . 
is going to miss Numberworks :( 
can't make her brain think about the right things . 
thinks it might be time for bed . 
shouldn't iron . Two burns and it's still " not good enough " 
thinks the only way to stop the stilletto'd cockroaches would be inappropriate . But it's the only way . 
just found her house key ! Thanks Alex Hedley :) 
is not a smoker . 
That was my favourite arm ! 
bought a Dylan Moran standup dvd . Christmas shopping strikes again . 
should probably invest in a hairbrush . 
slept for an unbelievable 15 hours last night . 
Oh , you want money ? That's much easier than I thought . And here I was thinking you wanted advice or love . No , money I can do . If you want the other two , go elsewhere . I'll pay someone to listen to you ! Yes . 
forgot how much she enjoys burning things . 
clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds . Somebody's been making the sky do my bidding . 
wishes the Phineus and Ferb marathon wasn't on a day she has to work . 
doesn't quite know what to do right about now . 
is feeling lucky . 
just wants some sleep . 
is a huge fan of the weather . 
has so many silly customer crushes . My current fave : blonde sunburnt Canadian man with the large flat white . 
will not be a crazy cat lady . 
might have love Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium more than any other movie she's ever watched . Maybe . 
is a fan of 2010 . Mostly because it's an even number . 
likes your shins . Where'd you get those from ? Genius shins . 
Reports can only be submitted once , silly little truffle . 
Where are we going ? Grandma's house ! 
is too warm . 
vaguely knows what she's doing . 
doesn't know how she's going to live without her bed next year . 
has an extreme lack of motivation lately . Work and sleep are all she can manage . 
Creepy creepy non fat no whip no foam half syrup mocha man . Also very fussy .. 
heeeey , look who it is ! It's you ! Keep the monkeys away from this guy ! 
has lots to do but no energy . WHERE'S BERNARD ? 
may require more caffeine . 
might have to start a cloud farm , as Alex Hedley suggested . 
is pretty sure there's nothing better than a day off work . 
Tessa made the cat cry ! 
. Chances are , she doesn't like you . 
' s family just assume she's at work and has dinner without her . I WAS IN MY ROOM ! 
thinks she'll give uni a miss , bartending in Ireland is much more her style . 
and the sky are best friends . 
had eggs for breakfast . 
would make an excellent mime . 
Through trust and mutual respect . And a giant seahorse . 
Ah , Labyrinth it's been too long . I have missed you Bowie . 
might have had the worst day at work ever . Better be eggs for breakfast tomorrow Finn Dinneen 
is not a fan of the Sunday regulars . Except for polite man + wife and hilarious man + father . 
should probably take the hint of the boxes her father keeps leaving in her room and start packing ... 
' s 14 year old brother just skipped into the room pointed outside and said " There's a duck out there ! " Having three sisters isn't good for him . 
smells good . 
can't wait for work . 
is sick of your attitude . 
carries all her stress in her left big toe . 
thinks UC's online accommodation application form should DIE . 
" That's a good boobie " - Sarah Starkey 
thinks Jeff and Devendra made work much easier . 
can't think of a bad time to be watching the case of the missing puppies . 
slipped in the mud . How unfortunate . 
shouldn't leave her facebook signed in on the home computer ... 
carries bumble bees in her hair . 
' s legs are angry at her Dad for calling them pasty . And they're taking it out on her . WHY DO THEY HURT ? 
shall rave in the cave . 
is pretty sure socks are always first on . Especially business socks . 
wants the builders to be quiet They make sleep so very difficult . 
dreamed she released a new album . I didn't know there were so many variations of nose bleeds ... 
two eyes that's the best amount of eyes . 
loves the view from her bed . 
should be warned when builders are coming around .. got THE biggest fright of my life . 
is a big fan of the rain . And clean hair . Life is good . 
We needn't go to much trouble . A sort of ... accident . 
has a very very veyr sore nose . 
found Paranormal Activity terrifying . Mostly because the girl looked kinda like her sometimes . 
scared herself in the mirror . Again . 
only yelled Happy Waitangi Day because Alex Hedley told her to 
is haunted by late night comedy central . 
' s Grandma is pretty much awesome Can't wait to be old :) 
surely New Zealand's Bob Dylan of wistful pop could help . 
didn't cut her leg jumping the fence today . 
doesn't like Tessa's jealous loud noises that try to wake me from my school-less slumber . 
Hugs are for girls . My Grandpa's old . My favourite colour's white . 
" No , not the cats . Don't trust them . Their eyes . Their eyes . They know too much . " 
thinks Jimmeny Cricket would eventually get on your nerves . 
hopes it never stops raining :) 
thinks James should stop giving her study tips while she's trying to facebook ... 
has a favourite weather to be working in , and this is it . 
is really excited to wash her hair with her new conditioner . 
die cruise ships , die . 
thinks life would be just that little bit more exciting if she had a cape . 
Sleeping during the day , its the only way to stay awake at night . 
doesn't like how much True Blood makes her love vampires . 
" Tea bags , see ? Better be careful with the tea bags . They're delicate creatures . Handle them with care . " 
didn't take long to sort herself out . Wow , moving :\ 
loves being home alone , but can't help noticing the fact that she can no longer form sentences . 
and I'll name my sons Carl , Russell , Kevin and Doug . In order of appearance . 
fell in love with a man from the port today . 
loves days off . Forever and ever . Tomorrow will be grand . 
was very confused when a regular customer hit her on the forehead with a straw ... 
has found everyone in Napier's secret twin . Awesome . 
has the loudest family in the world . 
wins things with some help from Eric . 
just received the most vicious paper cut of her life . Also , purchased a new phone . 
loves watching her siblings go to school in the morning . HA . 
is so super organised :) 
is excited . JONAS IS BACK . AGAIN . 
' s room is tidy . Like , legit . Check the wardrobe even . 
has more pillows than anyone could need . 
really wants Bananagram for her birthday . 
wants to watch every flm by Philip Ridley . 
' s respect for people gets so much higher when they understand her Black Books quoting . 
finally managed to set up the internet in her new room ! Good to have so many engineers and IT guys on my floor . 
finds night time rain promotes either walking or Dylan Moran . As I cannot find my hockey stick , it will have to be Dylan Moran . 
is always surprised how relaxed she is in exams . 
loves her gloriously empty Fridays :) 
now owns a hair brush . And used it ! Winner . 
wishes she'd never let the real world distract her from what's really important , maintaining her bejewelled blitz skills . 
loves Daddy's car . 
fizzy good make feel nice . 
thought she was dying , but it turns out she's not . Crisis averted ! 
is not good at packing . In fact , is bad at packing . 
six pocket search ! 
likes the Mannering girl better than the rest of Tessa'a friends . Anyone who turns up on our doorstep at 8:30 am with a 24 box of coke is okay by me . 
can break legs . And not just her own . 
wants everyone to GET OUT OF HER ROOM . NOW . 
Three claws on his knees , he's not human . 
RAIN . Rain . Finally , rain . 
: do not put in direct sunlight or expose to high temperatures . 
NGHS . Crazy days , classic time . 
loves when her computer whispers the time to her . 
might have to become a hugger . 
might go to some other lectures , just for kicks . 
told Jess she was a hooker in order to keep her surprise birthday cake a secret . 
You'll do . 
may or may not have locked herself out again in her caffeine-deficient state . 
' s autobiography : " The Rule of Eyebrow " 
is good as at editing . 
thinks a whistling choir sounds like a good idea . 
was disappointed when Law boy sat behind her so she couldn't watch him . 
left her mug in the Mega House . 
only pretends to be interested . 
managed to last over three weeks without locking herself out of her room . 
. Nutella . 
' s room is moderately tidy ? 
is SharkBoy ( Finn Dinneen ) and LavaGirl ( Abigail Neave ) ' s arch-nemisis . 
Those are the rules . 
loves getting compliments from Joy the cleaner . Today : Thomas the Tank Engine Poster 
got complimented on her boots by a conservatively dressed old man . He winked . Winner . 
would totally beat you in a swimming race Dea Majstorovic 
feels sunburnt but still looks ridiculously pale . 
The file box . The box of files . 
It doesn't mean a thing to me 
And it's about time you see 
That things ain't like they used to be 
: Snugglefree ! 
is a visionary . That's how she got this job . 
Clouds are sleeping . Sleeping in the sky . 
You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger , darling . 
You can't have any custard socks until you put on your gravy cardi . 
loves being called darling by the Telecom guy on the phone .. 
just realised the death of her home computer meant the loss of all of her music . 
Like Peter walking on water or Wile E Coyote running off a cliff , if you look down in doubt you will fall . 
was almost proud of her sister for bringing 11 boys home last night . Almost . 
Only Hugh can prevent florist friars . 
' s Russian History notes are ridiculous . And I quote , " around which Christianity would do cool shit " 
is not friends with the Wellington airport . But is cool with its wireless . 
can't believe how much James Franco looks like Jeff Buckley Could certainly be worse . 
and Sarah Starkey can't bake cookies without interpretive dance . 
looks like she's been crying all night , but she hasn't! 
wishes Eric was good at History instead of just Accounting . 
( friday ) looks out for Natalie Dever ( saturday ) . Thank you for the coke . 
has returned to the dark side . 
thinks Robespierre was doing well until he made up a religion . Then people caught on that he was INSANE . 
never wears blue and green without something in between . 
likes Alex Hedley most when he writes nice things . But his use of ones in series was uncalled for . 
will have a rewarding day of pencil sharpening . 
loves mail from Alex Hedley more than she loves you . 
doesn't like you all for being home already . If she could see you , she'd stare angrily . But probably not , as the problem wouldn't exist in that case . 
A revolution without dancing is a revolution not worth having . 
has so totally and completely finished her essay . Not gonna lie . Winner . 
knows too much about things that are not relevant to ANYTHING . 
Steak . Home is good . 
drinks coke in the shower . 
? I forgot to mention you are beautiful ? 
we is what we is . 
wants to hold your hand . 
But that's life , thought Death . 
Grandman is my fashion icon . 
could take you . But wouldn't . 
Lauren Dever : " My mum beat you . Like an apple . " 
had dinner with a Clayton Weatherston lookalike . 
secretly makes the rules . 
Has your mother sold her mangle ? 
can't wait to have a mobility scooter like her Grandpa's . But with a bigger flag . 
You dirty jelly molester . 
Hi Bish :) 
Sentence fragment . Consider revising . 
coke in bed has result in a minor spill .. 
All the Jesusus taste of breakfast ! 
CAN'T WRITE ESSAYS WHEN HER MIND IS MELTING . 
definitely didn't sing out loud to the Backstreet Boys while driving her Dad's car , which has its radio tuned to The Breeze ... 
is counting bops , not dinks . 
doesn't miss you :) 
laughs when Hamish Dever gets frightened by her computer ominously whispering the time . 
' s essay only has one interesting factor Sir Coke . 
would probably allow Alexander Charles Armstrong to get away with anything on the condition his apology gifts are always this glorious :) 
always almost wins . Especially at pool . 
Your head is filled with stories and dreams . 
lives for embarrassing moments . 
finally owns a cape . 
so uh , anyone want to write one of my four million essays ? 
very much likes having her family back . 
slept hugging her laptop . 
even has crazy dreams while napping . Leave me alone , subconscious ! 
Not once , not never . 
hates the smell of hair dye . 
: Trust her , she know's what she's doing Not gonna lie . 
couldnae live without her crayola washable markers . 
Tesla was the electric Jesus . 
How do you think boots feels ? 
' s jacket has magic pockets . 
What is the name of the spaces between the teeth of the comb ? 
GLOW IN THE DARK STARSSSSS 
The curly wurly rapper that meant so much ! The bundle of letters too painful to look at OR throw away ... They have to be kept so they can never be looked at . 
Sarah Starkey - " You can never go wrong with sex " 
lists like crazy . 
They have to be kept so they can NEVER be looked at . 
We're flamingos . And good ones . 
has problems with getting the Pussycat Dolls ' When I Grow Up ' stuck in her head :\ 
believes that her right index finger print is perfect . 
doesn't want to clean up the coke cans . 
needs proof . 
TOY STORY LEGO ! I must own you . 
can't wait until Neal Nankivell is a fireman :) 
Typical Natalie-Tessa text convo : 
N : Where you ? Buy coke . 
T : No money . 
N : Where car ? I buy . 
T : Have Hamish . Home soon . 
' s father would be proud of her essay . 
hopes one day to defeat her caffeine addiction . Now is not a good time for that though , maybe in a couple of weeks ? 
is having an extremely good day . Even though she's run out of refill and overslept slightly . 
Tea ? Tea and licorice ? 
You're either on the bus or off the bus . 
127 stars and 11 moons . 
Beds with wheels and large earthquakes are an interesting mix . 
will be in Napier tomorrow . Uni is closed , and with showers not looking good she has nothing to stick around for . 
Christmas mostly spent with self and beer is a good one . Legit . 
finally has some rain to walk in ! 
probably should have written her history essay instead of watching The History Boys . 
I am not a magician , I am a frog ! 
is he dead because you did a murder ? 
" [ 18:54 ] < Fractal > So how was dinner with the gf Catalyst ? [ 18:55 ] < Catalyst > ffs , natalie talks to much[ 18:55 ] < Catalyst > lol[ 18:55 ] < Catalyst > going out later[ 18:55 ] < Fractal > lmao , she's just curious . Since she's female[ 18:55 ] < Catalyst > annoying * " 

Just so you know , I'm watching . 
That dog just laughed at a pun ! 
I do not like the cone of shame . 
commando crawls through the sand . 
The coke tower collapsed . I had nothing to do with it . 
AHHHH . That is a sigh of relief , not a scream . Exams are now over . 
" It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes . It may even lie on the surface ; but we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions — especially selfish ones . " -Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn 
You're not Whit Prowdy , Broker of the Year .. 
is inspired by S Club 7 . Might as well take my own advice . 
Thank you all for the Happy Birthdays and such ! Much appreciated . Made my day in fact . Or at least .. my day so far ... 
Tessa Dever : " I'll just have the r-large . With Diet Coke please . " 
So , are you coming with me ? 
And the moral of the story is : Hug the vegetation . 
Think carefully . If you were a tree , what tree would you be ? 
can't stop her eyebrow twitching . 
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn 
assistance required . 
I like that I finally finished writing all these likes . 
In conversation , Natalie Dever often quotes herself and then laughs about it . 
has nothing on her mind-grapes . 
Everyone's got a sleep sheep . My sleep sheep's not here . 
YAY Hannah Jacobi !!! 
The power is yours ! 
Recent Searches : crash bandicoot , rap against rape , pcd when i grow up , peter cushing lives in whitstable 
When I was young , I believed my life was a book being read by a bear , and one day he would close the book and my life would be over . Not gonna lie . 
has heated debates about time travel with her family . 
needs more nutella . The jar is empty . The jar is empty . 
Uh so , this is probably your one and only chance to be complimented by me , so like this status and I'll be nice :) 
" All I want out of life is ice cream and cuddles . Is it too much to ask ? Is it ? " 
I have seen him on his bicycle . I have seen him buying vegetables . 
has so far not had any caffeine today . 
thinks she's Miss Sand Drinking out of cups . 
is watching some super sweet lightening in raro . And is also a wee bit burnt . 
just did a whole bunch of ironing as she has essays to write . 
No Atlantis is too underwater or fictional . 
" someone should shoot that gherkin " ladies and gentlemen , the comical genius of lauren nicole dever . 
procrastinates to the extreme . Essay research ? No , I think I'll give blood instead ... 
hmmmm ball ? Much more difficult without the necessary appointments for someone who only recently purchased a hairbrush . 
is so torn between the Netherlands and Slovakia Oh how I love all the Weiss ' but I'd also like to win some moneys . 
does not make a very good Daniel :\ 
got tooted at for her rap against rape dancing ( ft . Jess Langbridge & Anne Gordon ) 
Whatever happened to the life that we once knew/ Can we really live without each other ? / Where did we lose the touch/ That seemed to mean so much ? / It always made me feel so/ Free as a bird . 
had almost sorted out her sleeping pattern so it was relatively normal . 
Congratulations , Triceratops . You are as big as slow . Four score . 
might give in and get a job :\ 
would pretty much settle for being a housewife . Domestic chores are the best procrastination . 
loves watching the diggers in action on the news ! 
Bring me coke . 
likes Willie Struthers for bringing her the best gift possible from Korea Korean Coke :) 
lost al of her notes from the past two days by dropping her notepad in a puddle . On the upside , the pages look like clouds now . 
is a quoter , not a writer . 
You are a sad , strange little car , and you have my pity . 
Merry Pretend Christmas ! 
Probably shouldn't be reading ' A Series of Unfortunate Events ' for the fifth time . 
I don't know . 
doesn't mean to alarm you . 
ABs had me worried for a while there goodness . 
should stop looking at pictures of cats that look like Hitler and finish her essays . 
has plans to steal the speckled duckling and the black duckling and somehow stop the aging process so they will be both hers and ducklings FOREVER . 
Natalie " is back at Bish in desperate need of coke ( or sleep ) " Dever 
Tessa Dever totally has trichotillomania . It is disgusting and she needs help . 
Sleeping during the day , it's the only way to stay awake at night . Jess Langbridge " You're just going to have to wait until I say something else clever . " 
loves how a session with the good Dr Pritchard can turn a day around . 
' s father is wearing a sweater vest . 
Hakuna matata , New Zealand has won , Nutra Grain Scream . 
got stuck in an elevator :\ 
knew fleeing to Napier to escape earthquakes was a bad idea ... 
It's way too late , to be something something else [ Interpol lyrics here ] 
The trouble is , ' cause you're in love with someone else la la la laaa laa la laala lalalla laall alala alalala lalala alalal alalala alalala alalalla alalala alalllla alalal alla alalal shooby dooby do wop , a wop baam bom , skippin ' dee doo wop , shibbidee bow wow wow , ippin ' dee shibidee ' wopin ' dow diddin ; zippin ' fee shabba daaah , li di di .. 
Napier . Good : Lack of aftershocks , amazing shower pressure , Alex Hedley at the airport . Bad : Smaller pockets on the pool table , not Bish . 
is always up for a midnight Scrabble party . Especially when Jess Langbridge and Anne Gordon are involved . 
loves Philosophy . " We thought about it long and hard , and decided to cancel the exam . " 
Superman does good . You do well . 
likes today . 
wishes the earthquakes wouldn't follow her ... 
knows you only make cheese friends when something is bothering you . 
Enjoys rowers more after having seen the social network . 
Tessa Dever : " I thought 500 Days of Summer was going to be about Summer , like , the month . " 
has successfully put herself off coke . 
CSI Miami has the prettiest colours ! For that reason , it is my favourite CSI . 
People die everyday . 
I am the pants . Man . 
Result : Inconclusive 
HA . Take that every source of internet possible that was keeping me away from Facebook . I have won ! 
" It's not that I'm a jealous man , I just don't like other people touching my things ! " 
was lonely without her stars . 
Tessa Dever : " I haven't got your McNumber " 
can't sleep in the heat , let alone work in it . 
. Fiduciary 
forgot to mention you are beautiful . 
Xenophilous Lovegood is better looking than he should be . 
Can it please not be so warm so I can sleep ? 
? You may feel alone when you're falling asleep 
And everytime tears roll down your cheeks 
But I know your heart belongs to someone you've yet to meet 
Someday you will be loved ? 
has less coordination than you . 
I hope no one was too attached to my hair , because it's mostly gone now . 
THERE IS A DIGGER IN THE DRIVEWAY THEY LEFT IT OVER NIGHT I LOVE IT . 
We're meant to lose people we love . How else would we know how important they are ? 
I'm so sure I saw Bill Bailey amongst the Death Eaters at Bill and Fleur's wedding . 
The Pee Wee Herman Show on Comedy Central ?! 
Heart shaped blister ? Weird . 
just mentally listed all the words that rhyme with ' spa ' for no apparent reason . 
Has a new obsession with Numerology ... Thanks Tyra ! 
Lauren Dever ( while listing our family's initials ): " OMG all of our initials have a D in them ! " 
Three days off . Turn up the spa . 
THIS IS STAAARBUUUUCKS !!!! 
Christchurch , I am glad we are back together :) 
I bet he likes boats . 
You must understand that you are free to say whatever you like . You must also understand that I am free to shoot you for saying it . 
Julius Caesar is my BEST friend . 
? a kiss with a fist is better than none ? 
Sorry , had no internet at the flat I was at . I'm definitely okay . Back in Napier this evening . 
Ah , Napier , you may be boring , but you know how to stay still . Mostly . I hope . 
wishes you could see her shoes right now . 
Considering sifting down to Wellington . 
So , uh , UC , you should start some of my courses sometime soon . Chur . 
Jess Langbridge : ( After eating a hunger buster ) " It can't be that bad for you , if you had one every night , you know , as part of a healthy lifestyle . " 
Wellington , I can't wait to see you tomorrow :) 
" People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges . " – Joseph F Newton 
Enough about my willy , more about my bum ! 
Genius shins .. Where'd you get those from ? 
? But tell me now , where was my fault 
In loving you with my whole heart ? 
Can't handle criminal law . Too much talk of getting people off . 
Everything's comin ' up Milhouse :) 
Don't look back . 
Best thing about Christchurch : Never have to worry about putting coke in the fridge . 
If it gets any colder I might have to invest in a boy . 
I did not know my father actually knows how to use his facebook An unexpected fb chat message for sure . 
Dumbledore says he doesn't care as long as they keep him on the chocolate frog card . 
I apologise to that one fellow I wanted to fight . Thta is all . good night . 
I found an Engelbert Humperdinck tape in the gutter last night . Thought you ought to know . 
There are rules governing booty calls . 
" After all this time ? " 
" Always . " ( 41 DAYS ) 
Of course they're real bananas ! Don't be fooled by their pyjamas ! 
Putin and Dobby : Long lost twins ? 
Ah chch i hope you are all as safe as me ! 
Blerg Looks like ALL of that study will go to waste ... 
Dea Majstorovi ? bought me a ring . 
Hi Napier ! I see you replaced Video Ezy with a gym . Much more positive than last time , when you replaced the spin studio with a Dominos ! 
Got robbed . Bye-bye wallet and iPod :( 
I don't have the time for two different biscuits ! 
i love Hannah Jacobi and i am babin in a hot dress ND lets gets get looooooooooooooooooose woooo 
I just found out my 15 year old brother files his nails on a regular basis . 
We're not useless , we're just comfortable ! 
Severus Snape is my hero . 
I would like some Apple Crumble-dore . 
Christchurch is like a giant cake and someone is sprinkling icing sugar on it . Or a snowglobe , but that's not as delicious . 
Ah , where in Christchurch would i take my macbook to be repaired ? I am a little bit lost without it . 
Always . 
What up , Napier ? 
Aunt Petunia on True Blood ? Crazy days . 
It's official . My computer has died . I do not know what I should replace it with :\ 
" All I want out of life is ice cream and cuddles . Is it too much to ask ? Is it ? " is what I said on this day in 2010 . I like that fb chooses to remind me ! 
Anne Gordon : " I want you on my body . " 
All alone ! Whether you like it or not , 
Alone is something you'll be quite a lot . 
My status ' from previous years are all about dreams . Also , stationery . Yesterday , in 2009 , I dreamed I got married and then bought pencils . Today , also in 2009 , I dreamed I went stationery shopping . 
Damn . Beyonce's pregnant . There's no way she'll leave Jay-Z for me now . 
Oh , let's get rich and buy our parents homes in the south of France 
Let's get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance 
I think we should get a tv , just for the world cup . I only feel slightly left out . 
I've been watching The Mentalist and I think I may have become a body language expert . 
" Men are the people you will hear say , “I’ve found somebody . She’s amazing . If I don’t get to be with this person , I’m fucked . I can’t carry on , no , I mean it , she’s totally transformed my life . I have a job , I have a flat , it means nothing . I can’t stand it , I have to be with her . Because if I don’t , I’m going to end up in some bedsit , I’ll be alcoholic , I’ll have itchy trousers . I can’t , I can’t walk the streets anymore . ” That is how women feel about shoes . " - Dylan Moran 
‘And look I’m not undervaluing what we’ve got when I say that , given the role chaos inevitably plays in the inherently flawed notion of fate , it’s abstruse to deduce that I found my soulmate at the age of seventeen . ’ Tim Minchin 
Vive la France ! 
Ah , so , I don't actually want to be a lawyer ? Minor epiphany ... 
