You slams a door ? Goddamn savage . I am a legend . 
Also , how do you fire someone via email ? Absolutely rediculous . Bonkers , I tells you . 
lactate boobies and shit ... 
and the jay z song was on ! and the jay z song was on ! and the jay z song was on ! 
henry passed out in room about an hour ago . hes back now . 
poop 
if chickens cant fly , why do they have wings ? 
im a unicorn 
left fantas in willow . god dammit . @mat , if you see this shit , let me back in 
going back to dez moyneez tomorrow . gonna finish off my shit tonight 
i think its because they are , like , made for humans to eat . Like , god or whoever was all like , my peoples need delicious wings to chew on . on the 7th day , god gave henry chicken wings 
4:30 rockin cafe world . im retarded 
loves you all 
brb , chicago 
<3 you 
has a liver of steel , bitch . He thanks his Irish and Native American genes . 
taylor swift is a voice of a generation . just watched the You Belong With Me video again . think im gonna cry . it was beautiful 
feel the rain on your skin , noone else can feel it for you , only you can let it in , no one else , no one else can speak the words on your lips , treat yourself in whats unspoken , live your life with arms wide open , today is where ur book begins , the rest is still unwritteeeeen 
needs money . will do any non sexual act for cash . 
is hammed . / WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
i can ca nm lacttacte 
loves everyone !!!!!!!!! 111111 ! @ . :) 
<3 everyone . WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Larch needs stoops , or atleast a staircase that doesn't get pissed on on a nightly basis 
<3 Dalton Jacobus . No homo 
<3 people who aren't completely obnoxious on Thirsty Thursday . I love drinking too , but c'mon , plz don't don't go out of your way to annoy me . 
" Basically , I'm for anything that gets you through the night - be it prayer , tranquilizers or a bottle of Jack Daniels . " - Frank Sinatra 
.... drinking 
$10 says my roommate just shit his pants in his sleep . What the fuck ... 
is aiming for blackout 
" Once , during Prohibition , I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water . " - W.C. Fields 
drinking , brb 
zoo 
is sick of iowa state . go hawkeyes . fuck this shit 
has court tomorrow . my life is slightly less than ideal 
Why does the mailman in " Santa Claus is Coming to Town " open all the kids ' letters and read them ? Im pretty sure thats illegal . 
wait , does ISU have classes tomorrow ??? 
Britney Spears ' " 3 " is an instant classic and will be celebrated for generations to come . 
is about to start drinking ... because there's nothing else to do when you're stuck in the dorms :\ 
... you are NOT the father ! OHHHHHHH !!! 
hello gorgeous ... 
is trying to figure out how to get into U of I for sophmore yeah .... 
The fact the Fall Out Boy is releasing a ' Greatest Hits ' album saddens me deeply . 
is making snowdicks tonight . No big deal . Don't worry about it . 
i dont care anymore . just so it .... i already ruined myself just do it ............ srsly , im not going to save 
pary in usa yes taxi cab 
AMERICA 
is drunk ............... and going outside again .......... 
If jesus were alive , what christmas presents would you buy him ? 
needs a dislike button 
Fuck classes , Henry is sleeping until 4 PM tomorrow , then probably drinking more . ISU is bullshit . 
SNOW ............. DICLS . FUCK YOUR SHIT . / 
fuck life , i <3 snowdicks . later 
............ FUCK ME . henry just fucked himself over ......... 
for anyone . just do it . 
does not remember where he put his laptop last night . :\ 
om n ot going to save iot\ 
bumped into a cokehead last night . I'm thankful that Im not him . And for Cafe World . 
is going to make 220% sure those cats have somewhere to eat over ther next 3 weeks 
ECON , I never opened your textbook once , and I managed to get to this point without flunking out . If your final fucks me over , well , then , like , fuck you . Love , Henry . 
I hopped off the plane at LAX , with a dream and a cardigan ..... 
the boondocks is racist as fuck .... but i love it 
Beer 
didn't do so fresh on his soc and econ finals . dmacc , here I come ! 
holy fuck , its 315 ... fuck finals 
3 glassses if calcium a day builts stong bones 
Ded Moroz , the Slavic equivelant to Santa , used to kidnap children and hold them for ransom . Now he attends New Years parties and gives out presents . He is also 10 feet tall . 
apparently left his charger and retainers at his dorm . He knows what he has to do tomorrow :( 
" I told my mom to just give me some money for Christmas and she said , ' why dont we just buy the drugs for you ? '" 
Sold his econ textbook for $20 . WOOOOOOOO 
Fun fact : Mascara and other products that come in contact with the body are irradiated during its making , as it kills microorganisms . 
FUCK STUDY MONEY ............................ 
This year was too sick , Santa Claus got me that 6 with that doubled out kit ! Too clean , fresh white , gangsta lean ! You know how I do , when I get on the scene . Santa Claus , " SC " is what I call his name ! He gives me too much ; I think Santa got crazy , but anyways , thank you for all the gifts . I left them hot cookies , but just don't forget it ! HOLLA 
HEY DES MOINES , Ima fuck your shit up tonight . Love , Henry . Hugs and kisses . 
keeps leaving stuff at his dorm . god dammit . brb , ames again . 
" The boys in the hood are always hard . " - Eazy E 
almostzoo 
dont worry about it 
just wants to go home ... 
woke up in 7th floor willow's den . Successful night , I suppose . 
oh shit , brittany murphy died ... 
yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ' 
is sick of ALL the dumb people at Iowa State 
Q : What kind of Bees make milk ? A : Boobies 
roommate is trying to sleep at 8 o clock ,. fuck that shit . america . 
evvvery rose has its thorn ...! 
Christmas is OVER . Everyone go home . 
WOOOOOOO , FUCK YEAH , CHRISTMAS TIME 
why god ? why me ? leave me alone . stop giving me roommates that fart in thier sleep , no women who have any interest in me and general other shitty things in life . fuck this . time to black out 
... is going back to sleep . Ugh . 
I bought a girl's flask today . It says " I'm a lover and a drinker " . I plan on using it for myself . If this is wrong , I don't want to be right . 
Lil ' Wayne is my hero . 
is 33 minutes late for work ...... whoops :\ 
I say it everytime I visit , but people in Chicago can't drive at ALL . 
... I get back to ames and find my stinky , retard roommate sitting on my awesome papasan chair . Henry is pissed . 
MMMBOP , BA DOOBA DOP BA DO BOP , BA DOOBA DOP BA DO BOP , BA DOOBA DOP BA DO 
Along with whoopi goldberg , cheech marin from cheech and chong fame also voiced one of the hyeenas in The Lion King . 
One more day in the decade . I'ma go out rockin this bitch . 
AMERICAN IDOL COMES BACK NEXT TUESDAY FUCK YEAH ! Also , Go Hawks . :) 
if december 23rd , they have nowhere to stay , they're staying with henry for festivus , i swear to whatever is up there ' 
Game's over . Everyone go home . 
econ can suck my balls 
is sick of all the dumb girls at iowa state . 
Frank Sinatra made the best christmas music ever . If you disagree ... then , just , like , fuck you . You have no sense of culture . Dude was also the shit in the movie White Christmas . A fucking classic . 
Kenny Power's days of burning ass are over ! 
WE WANT PRE-NUP ! WE WANT PRE-NUP ! 
lol Aaron Rodgers . 
just realized Avatar was a 200 million dollar version of Pocahantas . 
wants to show all of his haters love 
feels sorry for that Gilbert guy 
good night 
I tend to think of myself as a one-man wolf pack . But when my sister brought Doug home , I knew he was one of my own . And my wolf pack , it grew by one . So there were two of us in the wolf pack . I was alone first in the pack , and then Doug joined in later . And six months ago , when Doug introduced me to you guys I thought , " Wait a second , could it be ? " And now I know for sure , I just added two more guys to my wolf pack . 
needs to stop making stupid faces when hes drinking 
aint no thang but a chicken wang 
the air soars through my hair , much like the majestic bald eagle . AMERICA 
good morning 
sleepout in larch hall den tonight . all are welcome . treats will be provided in coke , rum and hugs . 
is quitting buying cigarettes ... temporarily . 
There's a Tornado . Split up . Yeah . If you get sucked into the funnel and everyone's separated it's just like a fun ride . But if you're all in a group , in a cluster , you start banging into each other , then your heads collide and you die . 
needs less classes that use clickers . needs more sleep . 
What have I done ? 
Disregard females , aquire currency . 
charmannder was always the coolest starting pokemon . i will debate this till no end . I dare you , homie . try me . charmander . i miss being a youngin . EMBER ! 
diss me and you don't gte the funbags 
That Veronica Vaughn is one piece of ass , I know from experience , dude , if you know what I mean . 
They're trying to ban everclear in Iowa . I blame the greek community . 
Adrian Peterson is overrated . 
Walked in Kinseology 15 minutes late . Had trouble with the door . It's pretty fun when an auditorium full of people think you're retarded :\ 
Sobriety blows . 
C.R.E.A.M. , get the money , doller doller bills y'all . 
Why does English 250 have 4 required textbooks ? 
This here is what you call procrastination . It's a combination of a lack of skills and concentration . Holler . 
That'll do , Ms. Swift , that'll do . 
Ames n stuff tomorrow . Other stuff right now . 
Hey Facebook fans ! Be sure to see " The Tooth Fairy " in theaters now , if you smell what the tooth is chewin ' . 
does anyone know if The Tooth Fairy starring Dwayne Johnson will have midnight screenings tonight ? 
MD 20/20 = straight up gangster , homes . 
needs to move away from Iowa . A name change sounds like a good idea too . Basically a new start . I love me some AMERICA and some parties in the USA , but I hear Canada makes good syrup . 
Wants to visit America tonight . 
just urban dictionary'd my name . its pretty sweet , only saw three references to homosexuality . everything else was pretty spot on . 
We must have more afronauts in order to spread funk throughout the galaxy . 
is going to cuddle up under some covers , drink non alcoholic beverages , quit smoking and read a good book . Be jealous . 
has to write a 600 word paper about Facebook tonight . Distractions are inevitable . 
have a drink and chillax . we're all in this together , and it shows when we stand hand in hand . Make your dreams come true . cheers . 
Hermaphrodite discussion in Bio . YES ! 1 !!! 
UGGGGHHHH . Anyone from 8th floor larch : worry not , I took care of the vomit in the stalls before the custodian made her rounds . 
OH GOD FIRE 
Freddy Court next year ? 
never imagined a life of getting tired of pizza rolls and ramen 
Des Moines , then America 
<3 ' s his dad . stay strong , please . 
America came and went . I saw the goodyear blimp . it read " Ice Cube's a pimp " . I have a feeling much more of America will show itself tomorrow . 
WHO DAT ?! 
might have a drinking problem 
as far as Mr. Mason is concerned , Philosoophy doesn't exist tomorrow , regardless of what Iowa State says . 
has ADHD 
where the hood at ? 
is looking on stocking up on medicine tonight . Will have transportation . Call me , dawg . 
what's a cheap way to move to california and make a living there ? 
Showed up an hour late for soc . Though it was at 12 , but it was really at 11 . In other words , I caught the last 30 seconds of a gay dude speaking . No more wasted wednesdays . 
why isn't dildi the proper plural of dildo instead of dildos ? 
the world is my oyster . everything is as it should be ( almost ) . the lifeforce within us all guides us down a path of both serenity and choas , as is nessesary in this trip called life . that said , we need a mcdonolds within walking distance of the dorms . that and a bonfire . ass and titties 
Woke up spooning chair . Henry now has a date for Valentines day . <3 chair 
Is considering a camp out ( slash ) slumber party in his car tonight . EVERYONES INVITED ! We'll set the upholstry on fire and cook smores , tell ghost stories and talk about what girls/boys we think are cute ! 
... may have began the night too early .... just woke up again ... night just got worse . shit , man . in good/or bad news , only two munchkins from wizards of ox are still alive , and they were only payed 50 dollars 
Did you know ? : ' Fanta ' was created and distributed in Germany by Coca-Cola during WW2 so Coke could continue making a profit in Nazi Germany while still maintaining an all American image in the US . 
" Please do not be cynical . I hate cynicism ; it's my least favorite quality and it doesn't lead anywhere . Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get . But if you work really hard and you're kind , amazing things will happen . " - Coco , You will be missed , Mr. O'Brien 
lady at biolife said i had a hose . i was very flattered 
guy in den is tottaly working up some girl . i think im going to ruin his night 
apologises to anyone you called or messaged him today 
I mean peep this , they say here 92% of the honeys at UCLA are sexually active . 92% , yo ! Hey , you know what that means ? It means I gots a 92% chance of embarrassing myself . I roll up on that shorty be like , " What's up yo ? " she be like , " You don't know 20 different ways to make me call you Big Poppa " CUZ I DON'T YO . 
what the shit is a Descartes ? 
has bluer balls than poppa smurf 
a surefire way you need more drunk facebook friendds = get drunk and see that everyones status update is from 3-4 hours ago ... 
new layout scares and confuses me . It also looks like shit . Also , good morning . 
lets aim for blackout 
Sno-balls ? SNO-BALLS ?! Where's the fucking Twinkies ?! I hate coconut , not the flavor , the consistancy . This Twinkie thang , it aint over yet . 
we can't stop here . this is bat country . 
just noddin my head like yeah , movin my hip like yeah . no big deal 
I thought I saw you yesterday , but I didn't stop beause you was walkin the opposite way . I guess I could've shouted out your name , but even if it was you , I don't know what I would say . 
Behind the Music of Red Hot Chili Peppers is far more important than Philosophy . 
forever young , i want to be forever young . do you really want to live forever ? forever young 
makin bacon 
May the wind always be at your back and the sun upon your face , and may the wings of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars 
Dez Moyneeeees 
That'll do pig . 
690 words of delicious facebook happenings : done . IT'S FRIDAY BITCHES . WHERES MY CUP ? 
is a free man again . the law cant hold me down . celebration time ! 
chairs in larch stairway = best idea ever 
rah rah ah ah ah roma ma ga ga ooh la la 
Sunday night drinkan . if this is wrong .... well , it probably is .... but yeah . feels good . 
plays well with others 
<3 naps 
how much does welfare pay ? 
NEEDS A DRINK 
biolife then IC . get the vitamins and water out . 
just pass it to vlade 
cafe wold cafe world cafe world 
is about to party in the usa . yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11 
How do MLA format ? 
A burrito is a sleeping bag for ground beef . 
5 buck box , it rocks , it rocks . it rocks for a jock , it rocks for a fox , it rocks blockin shots on guys with dreadlocks 
Note to self : Never wait until it starts snowing to move car back to Jack Trice . Only leads to trouble . Also , invest in gloves . 
Soc is depressing ... 
what's the point of My Life as Liz ? I mean , it's filmed like a reality show , but it clearly isnt . I mean , cmon . really ? All these lessons could have been learned by watching boy meets world , or that really awesome TGIF show about the kid who died eating a stale burger and had to become a gaurdian angel or something . 
FUCK IM DRUNK 
" There are about 40 things you can be too sexy for .... " - Right Said Ferd , dudes who wrote the song " I'm Too Sexy " 
" Oh yes , the past can hurt . But the way I see it , you can either run from it , or ... learn from it . " I love Rafiki 
save myself , fuck it 
Holy shit , Boner from Growing Pains died ? 
party and bullshit in the usa 
saw the sign .... also life is demanding without understanding 
pregame for english ? yes . 
bored now 
It's 311 day . Don't stay home this time ? 
Dez Moynees is the biggest fucking spring break party spot ever in the universe . You don't even know . 
is trying to decide when to go back to Ames 
black w/ a lil pink 
You ever realize Jason Lee and the fat bully from Boy Meets World are not only co-stars in My Name is Earl , but also co-starred in Mallrats ? The more you know . 
apparently giving plasma is srs business . my left vein was too tough to penetrate . i currently have stigmata of the elbows . thanks biolife :) 
abuses funkohol and funkarettes . 
in one night : henry's wool coat is fucking RUINED , henry almost witnessed a stabbing , henry almost spent money at jeff's pizza , henry took a shot of juarez , henry almost stole delta whatevers pinapple tree bbut was stopped ... and that dude who almost stabbed someone ixs still on my floor ... all in all , a pretty shitty night . 
obligatory summertime status 
I remember in elementaary school , there were two kids . One wrote words on the bathroom stalls with his shit and the other pulled his pants and underwear all the way down to the ground when he pissed in the urinal . I forgot what else I was going to write , but trust me , it was philosophical . 
yo , straight outta lames , my name is Henry Mason , i got sicker moves than footloose and kevin bacon ... thats all i got so far . 
Happy 2nd Birthday , Jesus ! 
AAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaah fiddlesticks . 
Good night love cake 
" At one point , my meth addiction had me below 100 pounds . Every day I was drinkin ' and druggin ' . Marijuana was my best friend . DRINKIN ' N ' DRUGGIN ' . Your homework assignment is telling someone you love how you really feel about them ! " - my soc T.A. 
I dont think i'll be on facebook for awhile ... I need to detox . Spiritually and physically . 
If UNI wins .... well ... i dont know what ill do . But Ill do something . 
I hope that fat black dude gets kicked off Idol soon . Dude totaly BLOWS . 
im never signing up for a class before noon ever again . clicker points can suck a dick . 
Patiently awaits ' Behind The Music : The Jonas Brothers ' 
" Jesus wept . " " Why ? " "' Cuz he was sad . " 
fuck class , drink vodka , still pass exam 
may have thought up a new drink made of freeze pop syrup/juice and vodka . I've made a mental note to try it sometime . 
is ready to see Studler upset Duke tonight 
misses getting paid for taking naps in Goodson's kitchen 
Jersey Shore Power Rankings : Week 3 

1 . Pauly D , the use of overtime t-shirt time puts him in 1st this week . 
2 . Duck Phone , with the assist to Pauly in the first half . 
3 . T Shirt Store Owner 
4 . Dr. Anus 
5 . Ronnie , only for breaking up with Sammi . 
Once , there was an ugly barnacle . He was so ugly that everyone died . The end . 
I can't believe the Marlins signed Pedro Martinez 
Fish is not meat , im pretty sure . Sushi is awesome . I just wanted to say that . Why am I up this early ? 
I understand there's a blood drive going on , but why is there a walking blood drop wandering around the library ? 
Get outta here Dewey , you don't want no part of this SHIT ! 
The mama look down and spit on the ground every time my name gets mentioned . The papa said , " Oy , if I get that boy , I'm gonna stick him the house of detention . " 
DEN AGAIN LOL . Thanks Veisha 
only 5 months til christmas , yo 
I MET DOCTER MOTHERFUCKIN DREWQ 
can easily pass off as Joe Jonas ' older brother . Haters gonna hate . 
Every day i wake up , i pour myself a cup ... 
is in kenosha . is great . ames best get ready for the 19th . respect . 
Is stsyin up till 5 , going back to legacy , making sure dickhole 7-whatever wakes up , then finding out why the fuck my knuckles are bleeding 
.... why in the fuck are there cheetos all over my fucking floor ? It's like the fucking cheeto fairy came into my room and shit on my floor . 
" Vagina has cholera . " I love Oregon Trail . 
hasnt washed his car in over a year .... 
if anyone has an idea for an english 250 research paper/documented essay , it would be greatly appreciated ... 
One more day ... one more day ... pray for me . 
is a joker , is a smoker , is a midnight toker 
likes to think of his Jesus as a chill dude that walked around with his buds drinking wine . 
is never attending a philosophy lecture again ! I've never felt so free in my life . 
So a blind guy walks into a bar ... 
You are the thunder and i am the lightnaaaaaaaang ! 
fucking shit fuck fuck fuck shit fuck . Why did I wake up in the den ???? 
Happy early birthday to my nigga Dalton Jacobus , take it easy on the water fountains . 
i like it when you're in the kitchen 
wants a girl with HELLA SWAG . 
Just defriended my sister . Can't wait for this list to get down the the 40s . 
To anyone I deleted last night , I love you all . If you wish to continue stalking me , feel free to add me again . I needed to do this in an effort to prevent future creeping/stop logging on facebook so much . Hugs and giggles - Henry 
I've lived a life that's full , I've traveled each and every highway . And more , much more than this , I did it my way . 
So I just found some beer in my backpack . This is officially the best hangover ever . 
Darius D-Mills Miller showed me the rest of ames . thank you sir . you wont see this until way later but yeach , BEST BRISKET EVER 
Thank you goodsons for making me a rich man again . long live fall fest . 
So I have a question , do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement ? 
Just met the Lucky Charms Leperchaun . In other related news , tonight is grounds for hooliganism . One last night of shenanigans before non stop academia . God bless and USA chants all around . 
No seriously , aside from looking like he belongs in the 6th grade , I think people should stop hating on Justin Bieber . He's a very talented individual who has a bright future ahead of him if he keeps up his hard work . 
is going to get some of those glow in the dark stars for his room 
I'm see no reason what this has to do with Human Sciences , but try to spot me on campus Friday morning planting shrubs and doing other stuff I don't want to ! 
NO , THE GYMNASTICTS TEAM ... but yeah . I'm bringing the steaks next week Mat Muldoon 
should i rent out DZ Discovery Zone , Lazer X or Chuckie Cheese for my birthday party ? 
Spaceman Henry returns tonight . 
I'm a mobster and I got claws like a lobster . Def Jam Records here I come . 
I hate school . I want it to die . 
i'ma LEAAAAAD farmer , muh ' fucka ! 
Why don't we call cars Quadcycles ? 
old man clemens HATES shit ! 
People are people . Each one deserves to be looked at on an individual basis over an extended period of time without judgement . Now some might think I'm a cocksucker , and I might think some other people are cocksuckers ... but yeah . I have a feeling these next two days will be better than the rest of the year . Love you Bud Heavy . 
Chicago on Thursday ? 
brb , failing school , lol 
we gon live off the fat of the lan ' , George , an have rabbits ! Tell ' bout the rabbits , George ! 
Life is 10%what happens to you , and 90% on how you react to it . 
i am the hero that gotham deserves 
ass and titties and big booty bitches 
aww geez . apparently im supposed to be moved out in 22 minutes . My bad . Good morning :) 
would kill for a nacho cheese chalupa 
No academic warning/probation ! Oh gosh , I love life . Anatomy can suck it . 
I just saw a commercial for the Marmaduke movie . I no longer have faith in humanity after seeing a pack of CGI dogs dancing to Ke$ha . 
Congrats Ron Artest . But really , I would have loved to see him jump into the stands and punch Bill Russell in the face . 
are there laws against drinking and riding a horse ? 
DMACC BEARS ! WOOOOOOO 
Detox weekend ? I think so ? I have no idea . 
Toy Story 3 on acid sounds like a fantastic idea . 
I'm so proud of Jimmy from Degrassi . He walked out of that wheelchair knows way too many people that he didn't know last year . Good for him . 
Why did the peanut go to the police ? He was assaulted . 
If the USA loses , it's Ghana make me sad . 
bed forts and pizza rolls 
USA USA USA USA 
I sort of passed out . I'm thinking about not going back to college . Done with learning . 
drinkin beer and playin super mario wii w/ lil cuz . makin him lose on purpose . good times . 
fuck community college , lets get drunk and eat chicken fingers . 
possible fall fest appearance . we'll see how this goes . 
ah ee ooh , killer tofu 
Why wouldn't the bald man let anyone use his comb ? 
He couldn't part with it . 
The Hills was fake !?!? 
Phone is missing/dead . Don't call . 
California Gurls is the best music video of all times . 
So , um , Im struggling severely with review questions for Math 140 ... this can't be good . 
modelo especial 
Have you ever heard the wolf cry to the blue corn moon , or asked the grinning bobcat why he grinned ? Can you sing all the voices of the mountain ? Can you paint all the colors of the wind ? CAN YOU PAINT ALL THE COLORS OF THE WIND ? 
went to the wrong class this morning ? 
as far as hangover medicines go , pepto bismal is fucking DELICIOUSSS 
Fun Fact : The last time the Jets were in the Super Bowl , Brett Favre was not alive . 
If you can't slam with the best , then jam with the rest . 
Wait for 5 oclock to cancel classes for the day ? what a cheap school 
" I'm one of those people that's so smart that I'm uncomfortable in this world . " - Dave Chappelle 
Camel Light/ " Blue " , you've been nothing but a good friend to me . You were there when I was celebrating good times and there to console me in bad ones . Our love is pure and magical . Unfortunately , due to financial stress , I'm going to have to say goodbye for awhile . I'll never forget you and all those drunken or sleepless nights we've had . I'll see you again soon . 
So I was shopping for a watch and almost missed class because of it . Is this ironic ? 
OH GOD PUPPY BOWL 
Ames is a ghost town . 
forgot to get the can opener . delicious food , in your can , why do you taunt me so ????? 
judging by what ive seen , the dog days arent even close to over . 
Currently starting an all male version of The Sisterhood of The Traveling Pants . Send applications if interested . 
went 5 days without smoking . I think that was pretty good . Probably wont happen again , but hey . 
Dear Darla , I hate your Stinking guts . You make me vomit . You're scum between my toes . 
Love , Alfalfa . 
Lets hope for a C on this psych exam . 
The boys are back in tooowwwwwwwn town town town town 
go head cheese go 
The lead singer from LFO died . I hope there are Summer Girls in heaven . 
wait , i'm still a freshman ? fuck this schoool 
random girl smiled at me today . got a boner . i think im in love . 
My CA asked me two very important questions I've been avoiding for a long time . What my goals are and why I'm here . I couldn't think of any legitimate answers . I never wanted to be an athletic trainer and the only reason I'm here is because " It's what people do after high school . " I'm joining the Peace Corps . That or writing a novel . Whatever is easier . Friday can't come soon enough . 
" Specifically , you are alleged to be in violation of the above policy by drawing penises on white boards . " whitey tryin to keep me down again . 
up up an away 
So , um , I have a phone that can ring now . You can go ahead and toss your numbers in my messages thingey if you want . I enjoy long chats at 4 in the morning , and I hope you do too . 
feel the rhythm , feel the ride , get on up , its bobsled time 
it's been a good 8 years now . I guess it's apparent now that i will not be accepted into hogwarts school of magic . this sucks . 
Center - Vlade Divac 
Guard - John Stockton ( with short shorts ) 
Guard - Sam Cassel 
Forward - Dennis Rodman 
Forward - Charles Barkley 
63 and counting 
7:30 am final tomorrow and another trip to Carver and I'm done with the semester . Have a holly jolly christmas . 
Conan O'Brien returns tonight on TBS . Just thought you should know . 
the popcorn test . 
it has acredited approval now . basically , whoever you would share popcorn with if your building was burning down deserves to be a facebook friend . im drunk as fuck right now , but it makes perfect sense . 
10 pages and it is best that I don't write them the night prior to when they're due ? CHALLENGE ACCEPTED . 
Fun Fact : JFK was one of the few presidents post WW2 not connected with the illuminati , thus had different agendas involving Cuba and Vietnam than most of the government at the time , which eventually led to the CIA bringing his untimely demise . I have sources , don't worry about it . 
uuuuuuuuuuuhhhh , almost commented on everyone's shit like it was my own wall . think i might quit going here for awhile . 
so you go around poisoning trees , naming your children Crimson and Bear , and YOU DIDNT EVEN ATTEND ALABAMA ? Stay classy Tide fans 
is ready to see Scottie Pippen slam jam all over Justin Bieber's stupid face . 
Pippen was robbed of MVP of the celeb game . Fucking bullshit . Fan voting should be abolished . 
helped an old lady reach some shit on the top shelf at Hy Vee today . i hope theres a career in this . 
Skim milk is the best milk 
Britney Spears and dubstep on the same track ? I'll have to pass , despite how temping that sounds . 
THEY MAKE JELLY IN SQUEEZEABLE CONTAINERS NOW . HOLY SHIT . 
no big east teams in the final four . trust me . 
rip nate dogg 
thank you arizona . 
What's for dinner : 2 KFC Double Downs . 1220 calories , 3980 mgs sodium , 104 g protein and 2 g dietary fiber . Absolutely delicious . 
cubs 
youre not lance armstrong , don't ride a bike down lincoln way , playing in traffic is bad you fucking retards . yeah , im mad . 
Cottage cheese on sale at Hy Vee for 99 cents . I closed the place . Dairy cows sh-utter when they hear my name now . 
Some people like to complicate life , but I prefer it simple . The wind hitting your face , music traveling through your ears , that feeling when you take a real nice shit and theres almost nothing on the toilet paper when you wipe . That's life . Its not accomplishments , but experiences . It's good times , great memories ; not GPAs and GEDs . Long story short , I'm going to start selling heroin . Shh , don't tell anyone . 
GGW is back in town . That can only mean one thing . It's time for yet another installment of attempting to break into the GGW bus , or as I call it , Whore Wagon Sabotage 2k11 . I encourage all to join in . 
I guess I'm kind of like a dog in that I dislike boundaries and just sort of do things arbitrarily 
SOmetimes on long car rides , I like to switch my radio between laser and channel q until i hear Nirvana's Smells Like Teen Spirit . Between the 2 stations , you can hear it 3 times an hour . Then I sing along to the song what I interpret the lyrics to be . 
I like to walk up to strangers and keep saying things like " how are you ? " Just pretend I know them from somewhere . Then when they introduce themselves , I just say I thought they were someone else and walk away . PS . I love you lady cop . 
I was too busy to watch Da Cubs game today , so I just check ESPN's box score every other inning . Then close my eyes and imagine the game going on in my head . This is the best baseball game ever . 
the body is a constant state of flux . a young man with the flu is closer to death than a 90 year old man who feels good . With this thinking , age and birthdays are an irrelevant statistic when measuring just how much of your life has passed thus far . 
I think Voldemort will finally get Harry Potter in this last movie . He's been at this for almost 10 years now and has experience on his side and the elder wand . That little fucker is finally going to get whats coming to him after rigging house cups and breaking rules constantly . Fuck Griffyndor . 
ive finally figured out how to cherry pick in nba 2k11 . studying can wait , i have games to win . 
Boiled eggs are disgusting . Bunny rabbits are cool though . Official verdict on whether or not Easter should continue being targeted as a good holiday not yet in . Reeses peanut butter eggs lean me towards thinking it is okay . Zombie Jesus is a pretty cool guy . 
LeBron doesn't have clutch . I don't know how no one on the Heat has noticed this yet . 
I AM A HANDFUL - Im strong wiled , independant , a bit outspooken , & I tell it like it be . I make misstakes & @ tims can b hard 2 handle , but I love & giv it wif all my ? . If u cant handle me @ my worst then u sure dont deserve me @ my best !! 
When I count my change , I like to sort it all and stack it a neat pile . As I do this I like to think about where the coins have been before I was given them . The things they have seen , the places they have been . 
Why does ESPN take all the suspense out of the draft and show the draft picks when they get called before Goodell announces the pick ? 
There is literally no point in the British still having a monarchy . They keep antiquated traditions around for the sake of having tradition and taxpayers pay for extravagant weddings . The least they could have done is made Harry the successor . He looks like he likes to party . 
If there is one piece of advice I can leave you all with , it would be this . Put Goldbond powder on your testicles . It feels incredible . Be sure it's the stuff in the green bottle . The yellow bottle is foot medicine or some shit . 
WE GOT BIN LADEN . USA ! USA ! USA ! 
????????? ?? ??? ???? ??????? 
room is too messy . too tired to deal with it . ill start moving out tomorrow . maybe friday . 
WHATEVER you give a woman , she will make it GREATER . Give her SPERM , she will give you a BABY . Give her a HOUSE , she will give you a HOME . Give her GROCERIES , she will give you a MEAL . Give her a KISS and she will give you CHLAMYDIA . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her CRAP , be ready to recieve a ton of SHIT . Hope to see every girl on my friend list repost this ! ~ <3 
Will be blasting Return of the Mack and Good Vibrations the whole ride home . 
anytime fitness blows . all i want is a squat rack . 
YOU ESS AYY . YOU ESS AYY !!! 
