i live on my own ! 
hates calgary . 
promotes lifestyle pride . 
sometimes wishes that language never existed 
Signals and thoughts , ideas and tribulations . What has life come down too ? Avoiding pain ( mentally or physically ) rather than experiencing joy . Whats our limited human understanding to do ? 
folk fest was awesome . Horay for creepy people . 
School starts in 10 days O.o 
I'm beginning to think that if people don't solve there problems from there childhood than they come back in different psychological ways , which is inescapable . 
awwwwww . i got too drunk . 
competition and drinking are two best friends ! 
Facebook is full of malware and spam ware now . Its just lame now . 
the sun is up , i havent slept a wink . huh . 
i hate theories because they admit to have the possibility of being wrong , it just ruins all the fun 
preparation is the enemy of decision ! 
over-dramatic quotes should die . 
I HATE GENERALIZATION ! FUCK YOU WORLD !?!!?!? 
awwwww yeah . Listening to classical music . lol 
new cell phone bitchez , 403-975-7619 
life is the art of feeling 
Whats the importance of equality ? Could a Utopian society exist ? 
What are you getting your special someone this holiday season ? 
Why would alyssa waters want to add me as a friend on facebook ? I wrote her a hate letter and sent it . Is that not hard to understand ? 
is brushing his teeth ... with a toothbrush . >.> Raunchy . 
OMFG ! Life sucks ! FMLIFE ! EMO LOVE CHILD ! Awwwww ... I'm eating a sandwich no one cares ! BUT YOUR STILL READING IT ! * Insert over emotional break up comments here * 
“Happiness is like a butterfly : the more you chase it , the more it will elude you , but if you turn your attention to other things , it will come and sit softly on your shoulder ”– Thoreau 
Happy St. Patrick's Day ! 
Boo ! You're awesome ! 
Happy 18th birthday Mike Stickley ! 
Nothing is original . A good game is just the best collection of unoriginal idea's smashed together . - Braedon Hinchcliffe 
TGI Fridays ! Ever-clear margaritas ! 
there are cows where their are VEGGIES so THEY ; RE SO AMAZINg to . also i love games two divded too . 
Does anyone have a skateboard i can have or buy off them ? 
Good thinking , bad planning ... 
" Why won't you have sex with me josh ?!?! " - Rick Cosine Rodas 
New Number : 403 401 3940 
Can't send txts back ; sry guys :P 
loves Chantal Thecannibal Sierks . everyone else can suck it because she's superior and awesome . 
When we went to the strippers for Brandy Rawry's birthday , I shot a video ! Two of them to be exact , I got that happy taxi driver on camera too ! 
Nothing to do on my own birthday lol 
Merry Xmas Everyone :D 
Woot . Worked from 9 til 9 on Valentines days , like a real man . 
I get drunk to make problems , not to drink them away . 
alcohol .... You're like a bad girlfriend ...... 
got a job ! 
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical 
situations ? 
Internetz is finally back . 
They should make a facebook classifieds or something , gosh . Does anyone have any old computers laying around that they're not using by chance ? 
Anyone wanna lend their house for a Halloween party ? 
Like to a rapid fire of gusty joke , in puffs of glowing prism the bubbles broke . 
I HAS INTERNET ! LIFE IS AMAZING ! 
Home number : 403 266 3512 
Anyone got cords and controllers for gamecube ? 
anyone use foursquare ? 
watching pride and prejudice like a real man 
immature high school girl syndrome , its infecting our nation . ihsgs . 
sadface 
trying to quit caffeine , ugggghh 
had a small double double from timmys , feel kinda bad but awake for once 
just got my new headphones <3 sound amazing 
I'm finally mayor of crossiron mills on foursquare , I win bitches . 
happy illegal drug smoking day everybody :D 
it really is a good friday :D 
" hey ! I've had this shirt since high school , its been cost-effective . :) " - Dan Price 
