Kitchen needs better ventilation XP ... and people need to clean up after themselves in there , too >.< 
well it seems quite likely by now that any birthday cards that were meant to reach me were lost in the post ... I question the competence of the postal service here . 
hurt . Very much so . To see a close friend so upset ... bad time to run out of tissues . 
It's no wonder we're behind schedule in the physics core module ... Dr Froebrich just rambles on about stuff that although is an important principle , it is logical enough to deduce without being told ( at least for me ) ... and often leaves out stuff that I can't logically deduce ... guess it's just my awkwardness of understanding the complex and missing the obvious ... 
now can't find his important emails because facebook has been flooding his inbox T.T 
Really can't be bothered with lectures today ... but one must endure . 
so nice to have the corridor to myself ... best enjoy it whilst I can before the kitchen fills with dirty dishes and the toilet gets disgusting : < 
whose idea was it to put croutons in soup ? Soup's not supposed to be crunchy , damn it ! 
platonic love ... too broad a term . The english language needs a word that expresses platonic love at an intimacy that is on par with a romantic relationship , and includes the same level of caring , sharing and closeness , but without any sexual involvement at all . A relationship where a hug could last forever without letting go , with the warmth that makes everything else pointless . 
Who could ask for anything better ? Sushi followed by a huge tub of greek-style honey yoghurt . 
I dunno why tuna with sunflower oil is cheaper than with brine , but it certainly tastes a hech of a lot better ... and has a fun sliminess to it too ^^ 
Everything's fine . I'm still living off tuna in a sense , but I combine it with other food in most of my meals ... like mac cheese or baked beans 
keeps getting assistance invites on Mabinogi , then turns up to find that the request was accidental >.< 
ultimate boredom = liking spree 
Humanity's care toward outward appearance is misplaced . It matters not what we are on the outside . It is the heart that truly shapes the being . Those of us who are able to look at the heart and see that beforehand are those with true perception . Those who search for heart before they judge another's actions are those who truly care . Those who live by their heart rather than their vanity are those who truly deserve . 
ok , make that 150GB now ... Xfire recorded videos take up huge areas of space -.- 
Gosh , hearing people talking about cartoons I used to watch on the radio makes me feel old ... 
woo , found some great bands ... Architect , Bolt Thrower , Hecate Enthroned , My Dying Bride and My Silent Wake ... all british , all death metal , all brilliant ! 
Hmm .... I spend one night at uni , and my wall is already flooded ... sorta like a checklist now .... I bought stuff , found the shops and slept fine ( aren't I a clever boy ? And I did all that without reading those facebook messages ) . Woke up a bit late for breakfast , but you try sleeping through a loud party , and see if you can wake up on time , specially after the journey , the hastle and the emotion .... 
Why do I get stuck with the annoyingly squeeky door ? T.T * Door open slowly * " mrEEEEEERRRRRRRGGGGGGKKKKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
wondering whether today's lab session is going to be intriguing or a total bore like the last one ( which was about multimeters and oscilloscopes ) 
Just bought a burger ... from a vending machine . 
Gah ... don't know how much longer I can take this before I have a breakdown ... 
blar , headache , and I really wish that I didn't manage to lose those tea towels in the wash ( don't ask how , because I'm not even sure myself ) ... the campus shop doesn't sell them :( 
om nom nom nom , seafood flavoured ramen for me ! * stare at noodles * now hurry up and cook ! 
xO tired 
what a contradictory ad ... declare independance by joining a community ... hmm ... but being part of a group decreases independance ... 
sorryyyyyyy .... I fell asleep after settling in , and then was taken to dinner by neighbours ... which was awkward ... and my phone was still in a bag , stuck right at the bottom >.< 
never again will I take GUIs for granted ... specially when a rather uncooperative unix console won't accept using bash . 
I remember the days when £2 could get me a whole carrier bag of sweets ... now , all I can get is a couple of chocolate bars and a packet of crisps -.- 
wow , the kettle here is so full of limescale ... looks quite old , too ... still , I trust it more than the kettle in my previous residence , which was always covered in food , or stolen by someone 
Come to think of it , why are there Peppa Pig stickers on the fridge ...? 
tired , but can't sleep :( 
what's this ...? Japanese christmas cake is strawberry shortcake ? Makes me jealous ... I don't like traditional western christmas cake T.T 
Only Gintama could get away with playing the title sequence AFTER the ending theme 
Hate karaoke night x.x 
Full from eating too much sushi ... and I can't get enough of wasabi sauce >.< ( I'm also glad that the sushi sold at the local shop has real wasabi , even if it is mixed with horseraddish ... apparently , a lot of places just sell a mixture of mustard , horseraddish and food colouring , as wasabi is so hard to cultivate ) 
first I have a night where I can't stay awake , then I have one where I can't sleep ... strange weekend . 
amazing ! The kitchen is clean ! Not a single dirty dish ! 
Ugh ... someone on the corridor is listening to rap songs that rap over melodies from Coldplay songs . * rage * 
I wish facebook would group together related notifications ... my wall is getting particularly overfilled with people chain-tagging me on images 
Drama of the day - managed to get myself locked out again ... this time my door locked itself when I was using the toilet , and as it's late , there was nobody at reception ... took over half an hour to find someone to sort it out 
facebook needs a better way of ordering its apps . I mean , when you search something , you get about 100 god-aweful results right at the top of the list ... when I'm bored enough to actually play around on facebook apps , I don't want to have to sift through them 
yay I broke my F key ! stupid peace of plastic getting stuck under it and making me try to get it out ... 
* drooling over Yamaha Tyros4 * that keyboard looks awesome ... but it's over £3000 in price T.T I bet it sounds brilliant though ... and even has " super realistic guitar " sounds ... and it's recording capabilities look brilliant , and it supports a microphone ... wish I could afford that T.T 
Ugh ... damned neighbour keeping me up all night watching Bleach at unnecissarily high volume ... 
" poke " in all honesty was not one of the brightest ideas by facebook . I hate being poked anyway , so why do I have to get poked online , too ? 
Nyaaoo !!! Watashi wa neko desu ! Hai ... neko desu !..... nani ? Taikutsu desu ... 
working on a space-themed selection of music compositions this time ... seeing as I went from shadows to emotions , back to shadows in an attempt the recreate my old lower-quality stuff , thought I'd try something similar but different . 
mm , yum , veggie soup with melted cling film . My favourite . * sarcasm * 
actually bothered to check facebook today 
* Yawn * Wish that everyone else on the corridor went to bed at a reasonable time , then I wouldn't be so tired right now ... keeping me up till 2am or something .... and it appears whoever is in room 2 likes RnB ... * facepalm * I appreciate people have different music tastes , but I'd rather not have to put up with it in the middle of the night . 
is terrified ... noise travels so clearly in the accomodation , and there's a loud party at the pub ... 
exausted , but still optimising notes on the laws of probability so he can get a start on the coursework due on the 8th 
finally got those birthday cards ... better late than never , I guess .... even if it is a month and 17 days late ... 
Everything is fine ... been quite busy . Specially this morning ... 2 lectures , followed by shopping , finding a place that hasn't ran out of stamps , posting a letter , then trying to squeeze down a corridor of crowded students filling up the space between the college reception and the lecture theatre on the way back to my room . And I got another lecture at five . 
4 lectures + maths worksjop session + late night + early morning ... thank god I only have maths workshop tomorrow ! 
need new headphones :( 
They're still at it at 6am ... 
These rooms need better ventilation ... felt really ill yesterday from the heat , and openning the window barely helped . 
Tuna with sunflower oil <33333333333 
Gosh darn that fire alarm ... ruined an intriguing dream . 
obsessed with " Erased " by Paradise Lost . Epic song . 
Applogies for all who tried to phone me . I had headphones on the majority of the day , and my phone is on silent . 
hmm ... never knew a Dir en grey track was used in Saw 3D .... and it's a track I don't have ... wonder if the release of the soundtrack on iTunes means I can get the song on amazon . 
it's 5AM !!!!... my neighbour brought a friend home with him about 2 hours ago , and they're STILL talking . LOUDLY . Can't sleep ! Huge violation of accomodation noise rules , and incredibly rude . 
Today = bad luck , first I get a dodgy signal generator that won't work , then the drink machine in the physical sciences building goes berzerk at me and tries to serve a second drink , WHILST MY DRINK IS STILL IN THERE , causing a blockage , and making me spill the drink I payed good money for whilst sorting it out 
There's a protest going on outside the library , and I can hear it from here ... not that I'm complaining , but I won't join in , either . 
There's something strange going on around uni tonight ... seems everyone is compelled to purchase obscene amounts of pick n mix ... could be some sort of instinctive reaction to the shop being low on stock due to the snow 
Just recorded a new music track ! Waiting for it to upload . 
For all who need to know , my first term ends on the 17th of december . 
Ugh ... I am sorry , but ... Who the HELL manages to get a toilet in such a HORRIBLE mess ? AND THEN * LEAVES * IT LIKE THAT !? It's rediculous !!! I spent more time cleaning up after the last occupant than I did using the damned thing ... Nearly made me throw up ... ME of all people ! 
Thanks everyone 
managed to clear away 50GB of junk in 5 mins of time 
never trust me with push-pins , I always end up playing with them , then losing one or two , and finding them again in the most painful manner x.x in fact , how did that one get on my chair anyway ? I wasn't even messing with them near it O.o 
Facebook was bad enough before the profile layout change ... now I can't find anything -.- 
Working on a new music project 
Take my How Well Do You Know Me ? Quiz 
so relaxing to be back ... of course that'll change in a couple of days when the term begins 
Not really much of a funk fan , but I have to admit , Suga Shikao's voice is brilliant , and he's made some great songs , specially Hajimari no Hi 
been a creative day today ... composed a significant amount of music 
Blar , can't I even have 1 day of the kitchen being clean , or empty of piles of dishes and cutlery ? Wish people would wipe up after themselves or wash up right away , or at least keep their dirty dishes where it's more convenient . 
Here we go again ... it's quite clear my neighbour is back , given the noise I woke up to . How loud does he need that music ? I swear , it's louder than my laptop speekers can even go . And the max volume on this is more than enough . 
Gah , why must Firefox 4 use icons that 1 ) are too hard to see with my persona skin and 2 ) are not so colourful ? Like the back button ... it's only slightly lighter when it can be pressed than when it can't ... gets confusing 
wow , I use crunchyroll more than I thought ... since I let crunchyroll post to my FB page , it's eaten up my entire wall 
-.- I think the neighbours forget how far sound travels here ... talking about me from just outside my door ... 
Blar , ok , the TV series Outcasts seems quite depressing ... but then what BBC sci-fi series isn't ? Why don't we do a spaceship-based series for once ? Last serious one was ... what ? Blake's 7 ? And since then , we've only done 2 sit-coms , plus I'm sure CBBC did something a while ago , but I don't care about that ... there wasn't much on CBBC I liked even when I was young enough to watch it . 
grr ... stupid DNS issues ... it's like the Uni network suddenly decided to hate Crunchyroll -.- 
