I just watched Avatar , and it is INCREDIBLE !!!! I am blown away . Yeah . 15 years was worth the wait . THANK YOU JAMES CAMERON !!! 
I finally got a day off this month . ya know , i'm not too crazy about working 7 days a week . Even if the pay is good . I MISS MY FREE TIME !!! 
Just bought the Kei$ha CD . Love every song i hear . So far ... 
Dudes ! The olympics are EPIC !!! Too bad it's over already . Watching the after party , it's awesome . 
What an unbelievable show . Seusical the Musical was AMAZING . Everyone did a great job . Some of the little kids looked like they were meeting Santa Claus when they saw Josh Drianis as the Cat at the Meet-N-Greet after the show . Great job staying in character . 
feeling rather attached to fictional guys , wishing they were real . 
LOOK IT'S BOB ? / This is Bob , copy paste him on / ? every comment you see so he can / \ take over Facebook . You've been Bobbed 
Clap if you think I'm crazy ! Me !? I'M THE CRAZY ONE !? You are the one clapping at the computer ! I have GOT to get you weirdos off of my friends list !! 
... In this town we call home , everyone hail to the Pumpkin Song ... 
A Woman's best accessory is her confidence !! 
Why are my friends all-of-a-sudden getting married ? I don't even have a boyfriend ! 
is helping to paint Mom & Dad's room this weekend . 
is really feeling my status as " single " ... any takers ? 
is really feeling my status as " single " ... Know anybody interested in helping me out ? 
I'M IN ! I'M IN ! I'M IN ! I'M IN ! 
I'm going to Finland !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can't wait for my trip next week !!! First stop ? Thunder Bay , Canada ! Last stop ? Dallas , Texas ! 
I did care , I really did and was sad for a bit , now I'm over it . Defeat and regret , are NOT a part of me . But happiness is all of me . 
A Soldier , Sailor , Marine , Airman is someone who , at one point in their life , wrote a blank check made payable to the United States of America for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is an honor , and there are way too many people in this 
country today who no longer understand that fact . Copy and paste this ...... 
if you are thankful for an American Military Member ! 
want to see Tangled ... again ... 
Anyone wanna go with me next sunday ? 
has arrived in Dallas . This city is huge ! Dad and I got lost for over an hour , looking for a hotel . lol 
Immature = a word , boring people use to describe fun people 
got back from canada this morning . 
STOP !!! Hammah tyme ... 
loves shopping . I got a bunch of new clothes , and even a new MP3 player ! 
If there are ice cream trucks in the summer why aren't there Starbucks trucks in the winter ??? 
http://browse.deviantart.com/?order=15&offset=72#/d2tijsj 
loves brownies . :] 
Once the news was talking about the cloud rotations ( of what could've formed in to a tornado ) in sedalia , they said at one point it was directly above west 11 street near the state fair ... That's the exact street I live on . Unfortunately , I was at work , so I didn't get to see mom's freak out once it happened . No damage that I can see ... 
Moral of the story ? Something exciting happens and I'm working ... bummer . 
... looking forward to the day when I can say , " good luck with that . " And walk away . 
Ever have one of those days where you know you should be asleep , but you just can't seem to stay unconsious ? 
is cold . That will be all . 
wants to know if I'm moving to Finland this summer or not ... 
Don't underestimate the impossible , life might just surprise you . 
Who knew moving overseas would be so much work ? I've got a headache ... 
Sorry to everyone that tried to contact me this morning ... I fell asleep and forgot that I left the page up ... XP 
Thanks everyone ! 
is getting antsy about finland . No , I haven't heard from the college yet . 
Look what I got ! I got a jar of dirt , I gotta jar of dirt ! And guess what's inside it ! 
Comment below what you think it is ... ( plz be creative ) 
thinks that anyone that tells you it cannot be done should be reminded that they make jelly beans that taste exactly like popcorn 
doesn't want to work ( today ) but the checking account is saying FEED ME !!! Good thing it's payday ... ^-^ 
If you were looking for the opportune moment ... That was it . 
went to the mall with my mom and my brother , Jared Young . Got a new camera and a bunch of other stuff . 
I'm working on a collage to take with me to Finland . Please send me some photos , or tag me on pictures you want me to add . 
Live a little , Love a lot , and most importantly Laugh even more because when bad times bring you down think of all the laughter you got out of it . 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Merry Christmas Everyone ! 
has the Halloween spirit early i have to get my broom ready to fly happy early Halloween 
10 days to halloween !!! Yet all I can seem to think about is Naka-Con in February ... 
is feeling pretty down . my visa for finland got denied . Not enough money saved up . X ( 
Update : I might be going to Finland this year after all ! Apparently , they sent that email to me by accident . 
will be seeing Tangled this weekend . ^-^ 
isn't in denial . she's just very selective about the reality she accepts 
Conversation between me and dad : 
Dad - What do you need ? 
Me - ... there's an entire list . 
Dad - No ... well , yeah . 
Me - (-_-) thanks dad . 
is debating whether or not to go to work tonight ... 
Any thoughts ? 
' s turning 19 on Monday ! yay ! 
How in the world does someone forget to eat ?! 
Halloween pics are on deviantART.com => http://anzu-da-opinionated.deviantart.com 
to error is human , to forgive is divine , to keep your mouth shut is miraculous . 
We're adults ? Wait .... when did that happen ?!! 
If I hadn't been where I was and done everything that I had when I was there ... I wouldn't be where I am right now , which is a good place ! So No Regrets ! 
For anyone who plays Kingdoms of Camelot ( or has a profile at least ): plz friend request my brother Jason Young . He needs neighbors . 
nothing starts the holidays right quite like a cup of Starbucks and a Michael Buble CD . Warm & Fuzzy feelings galore . ^-^ 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
Woot !! one more night at work , then 3-DAY WEEKEND !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
frying pans . who knew , right ? 
this is my first post this year . HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!! 
my schedule at work got moved up 15 minutes early ... XD 
going a little stir crazy with all this snow ... I'm starting to think mother nature has decided to put us all in her own version of a white padded room :-| 
thinks " decaf " is a dirty word 
Hah ! Sanity ! What would I do with something as useless as that ? Lucky for me I never had any such thing ! -Kenpachi from Bleach 
" Sorry I'm late , I'm afraid I got lost on the path of life . " -Kakashi from Naruto 
I am SO SUPER EXCITED !!!!!!! Only a good night's rest away from NAKA-CON !!!!!!!!!!! My first anime con and I just can't wait . ^-^ 
I'm so excited 
And i just can't hide it 
I'm about to lose control 
And I think I like it ... 
... will not let the past dictate my future ... and will not be ashamed of who I have become . 
i have a new camcorder !!!! yay ^-^ 
Five Deadly Words Used By Women - 
1 ) FINE : This is the word women use to end an argument when they KNOW they are right and you need to shut up . 
2 ) NOTHING : This means SOMETHING , and you should be wary . 
3)GO AHEAD : This is a dare , not permission ; DON'T do it ! 
4 ) WHATEVER : Is a woman's way of saying F- YOU ! 
5 ) THAT'S OK : She wants to think long and hard before deciding HOW and WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake ... 
Whether I'm a good witch or a bad witch depends on the day , how many houses have fallen on me , and if the flying monkeys have been fed ! 
Who here believes in reincarnation and past lives ? Can I get a vote ? Like this status if you do . 
... to people living with living with living with not dying from disease ... 
just watched a special edition of Dateline NBC about the disaster in Japan ... some of the images and stories are absolutely heartbreaking . T-T 
Found this little gem on a chat room fave quotes list : 

Once , I was angry at my mom and she said she hoped a book shelf smacked me 
and she was drunk so of course it didnt make sense I was like " Whuuuu ? " and then 
I ran out of the room to yell at her and the door jam grabbed onto my shirt and swung me around ... Guess what happened . 
... 
what ? 
I ran face first into a book shelf . 
if you love me , [ c o m m e n t . ] 
if you think I'm a good friend , [ l i k e . ] 
if you hate me , [ m e s s a g e , & t e l l . m e . w h y . ] 
if you ever had a crush on me , be honest , [ p o k e . ] 
if your not scared , [ m a k e . t h i s . y o u r . s t a t u s ] 
Sorry everyone . I accidentally left my profile up last night while I was at work . XD 
Work is evil . My legs ache beyond reason . >_< Let's hope they aren't so sore after a good night's rest ... 
