i hope that everyone had a good new year . 
done 
why do the po po have to be such filthy freaks 
nice rod . 
i'm thinking that some men just don't know how to communicate . just say no . or just say yes . speak your goddamn mind 
pick the world up and drop it on your f''kin head . 
feelin better . thank you , doc . money well spent . 
lol 
today isn't my day . must be the aftereffects of black friday . 
light up 
like the sea 
right now , i'm wondering if i killed anybody in a past life , and i'm paying for it now . 
why some people just don't leave me alone ? you know who you are . fuck , boy . 
oh god . ah cyah wait for world cup to done . oh god . oh god . oh god . everybody go talk about something else . football all over meh wall . oh god . 
i feel damn sick . got the cold real bad . hope it ain't dengue . 
i'm still in a fucked up mood 
tagged was the bomb 
can't sleep . slept all day . will someone read me a bedtime story . 
some men should have to carry a licence for looking so damn good . 
sick , sick , sick of men . there're all children . 
i'm in a fucked up mood . everything is just all wrong today . i just want the day to be over .......... 
everybody always all up on me with their probs . i have problems too . is not all the time i want to hear yours 
i can't wait to take them off 
Wonder how many peeps lame like me and home 2night . Small thing . Wit my daughter and puppy 
in a bad mood 
thank you alicia keys . elements of freedom 
goin to bed , insomniacs . 
puppet 
i'm really , really , really , really , really horny . somebody didn't have on any drawers . 
borough day . hmmm 
i am sick of mother fuckers and their sarcastic undertones . speak you mind boy . 
you know what weird . when i don't want to talk to anybody , everybody online and want to talk . now , when i'm in the mood for company , nobody there . you know what , i think i'm going to erase all my damn contacts . i ain't no priest . 
looked at the news , and got bummy . 
Even though i'm a sinner , and a coldhearted bitch , i still love God . 
things r damn sickening right now . men are practically throwin themselves at me , and the one i really want , i can't have . 
right now , i can't sleep . any help out there ? 
does anybody have the photo of the bigboned ministerial pnm candidate ? can I have it ? 
it's raining , and you're so far away . 
awwwwwwww . i think i'm gonna spend time with harry potter ..... he's free ....... and i'm frustrated ........... sigh .............. thank God i like to read .......... what's a girl to do ..... 
Hmm 
What does your siqn say about you .. ? (: -- My Result : P • I • S • C • E • S: The Piece of good ass . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/180617/referrals/status?aid=100000510814635 
i am very proud to be a woman today . jay , you said it right , poom poom power . 
you know what pisses me off . fuckin men . they so damn stupid . they do shit , and think you don't know . then they act suprised that yuh vex . 
if you try a peice of pie , you don't want any more pie , then that means the pie wasn't any good . 
god bless alicia keys 
there are always special people who have the ability to cheer you up . 
ain't it funny about some people . they do their shit , and don't even realise that they're wrong . that's what happens when people don't have God in their hearts . 
i'm wondering why some people only call when they want something . 
what i really can't understand , is why some people don't understand . if i just told you i'm in a shitty mood , what does that mean . when i tell you why , you can't understand . here's a hint ...... shut the fuck up , and don't bother me 
listening to alicia keys , and missin my boo . 
fuck the haters . hate yourself . 
just had to take a guy off , and block a gal . if there are any ladies of my male friends out there that like to maco their guy's page , i don't want your man . 
unthinkable . on fire baby . 
so , w , 
when certain people sick , don't wish them well . wait till the funeral . 
trey songz . new r kelly . 
some people need to grow up . you don't know what's going on in my life . you think everything is everything . walk a day in my shoes ................... that's for all the haters that like to comment . 
wow . 
blistering 
say you want me , say you need . put it in a love song . 
why bother with love . it's too much work . like is much better . like today , don't really care tomorrow . 
you'all should get elements of freedom . alicia keys .. boss 
ain't it neat that everybody's got an answer . 
the worst thing .... sigh . I stopped eating meat . Now , if I feel for a peice of chicken , I break out in a rash . sniff . Not fair . 
confidence is a stain they can't wipe off 
people , just because you're fluffed up over your own self importance(absorbtion ) does not give you the right to speak to others the way you want to . 
fee fi fo fum . lol 
ah really find that ah have plenty scorpio friends . why boy ? 
wheyyyyy . like everybody havin fun in the rain . except me . 
i'm so sorry if I offended anyone with my opinions , lighthearted though they were . Some people seem to have taken a simple joking statement to mean something way more . My apologies . Y'all seem to have forgotten my twisted sense of humor 
shurwayne is the usher of soca . 
i'd like to say a prayer for my girl Jay . Lot's a love . May God bless her , keep her . Let her get better . 
rebirth 
Which Role in Inception would you be ? -- My Result : The Forger . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/748932/referrals/status?aid=100000510814635 
don't you just hate giving medication to kids ? Iranian peace talks are easier . 
hey hey . merry christmas everybody . 
i need a new hobby . Don't smoke , don't drink , stopped ahem . So , I need a hobby . 
i'm alone at home , and can't sleep . wow . 
good to meet old friends , and renew . 
don't you just hate it when somebody sent a friend request and then ask you ' who u' ? Mother f''ker , you sent the request . 
is just me , or fb f''kin up ? real slow . 
I am very ashamed of Kamla and Rambachan . Who the hell gives them the right . Who gives rambachan the right to attack Fazeer's religion , and then turn it around . Only an idiot would agree with that pack of shit . I say take them to court , Fazeer . 
whey . lol . possessed school girls . dat ain't new . lol 
happy birthday to all those scorpions . Why I know so many , is still a mystery 
happy new year 
to all the f**kin maco's . Like yuh doh have nuttin better to talk about . watch yuh own self . 
I got a new baby girl . A beautiful pitbull 
gussi mane new tattoo is retarded . 
it real cold boy . 
i wish i could get a truck to plow some shit on the road . 
go an sleep nah 
for all the haters that try to swallow me whole , i'll stamp on your heart , and butcher your soul . 
it's a boy , instead . even cuter . 
funny thing , how people have nothin to do than play stuff backwards . even if it's true , it's their choice . everybody can make their own choices , irreguardless of subliminal messages . 
have a goodnight , insomniacs 
Tomorrow I'm carrying my baby for his last puppy shot . My poor snukums . 
Have a safe and happy new year . Let's keep it spiritual 4 d new year 
my tooth hurts like a bitch . shoot me please ............ 
I'll drop u like it hot 
Gettin more work done on d tattoo . It feelin so goood 
Can't get any , so goin 2 work on my tattoo . 
Don't hate me cause i'm better than u on my worst day . U know who u r 
thank you so much to everyone who wished me happy birthday . You all perked up an otherwise depressing day . love you all . 
The devil wears prada 
Damn . 
Yes .... i am celebrating celibacy , and i'm very ' happy ' . 
Chris brown is da shit . F.A.M.E. Damn . 
Happy birthday , kevin . Haha . I remembered 
I hate men . They try 2 decieve without reason . Destructive without cause . Distrustful of d innocent . Men were really d biggist mistake in creation 
The sweetest morsel is da ribs . Throw the carcass , and leave the women 
My dog's a player . He lets girl dogs beat him up , and likes women in bikinis 
I am officially gay . Fellas , wear a dress and heels , and i might think about it . 
Ah see in 2day express , a pic of digicel birthday cake . Pg 5 . Destra lookin hungry . 
Why do people stare at me when they see my tattoo ? I ain't the first 
Kevin baldeosingh pg12 , express 
Cops make me oooo 
Tummy ache . Must be lackin vitamin s . Anybody have ? Lol 
Osama need 2 bomb d set of backyardigans . 
Y all these sweet men holdin dey ugly gyal hand , and pretty girls walk alone ? 
I can't understand bullheaded people . There's a fine line between strongwilled and stupid . 
Those that know that they're always right , r almost always wrong . 
I feel like I ' flyin when you touch my hand 
I want a man who will still look sexy when he's older . Peirce brosnan . 
Advice 2 all . Don't tell anybody ur problems , or issues . Sympathy and empathy is skin deep . 
Mankind is the only mistake in the history of all creation 
Thank god 4 waterproof mascara . It rainin . All wet . Top thin . Omg 
Now c a frnd f mn drvn by wt a wmn who nt hs wife . Wat 2 do ? 
Wiz .... chris 
Doh have ntn gainst twist , buh ..., 
Lay your head on my pillow . 
Imma cold as a cold wind 
Aye . D retard trevor sayers 
Officer . Yes u . Yeah . Always . Yuh could stop maco'in now 
Trinidad . 2 droppa rain . Flood 
Ras . Sweet . 
Omg . So many sweet candy 2 look at 
Oh my , ras 
Barbie boo littered . 
Fuck . Cops wit big guns . Sexy . Want one 
Imma pick da world up and drop it on ur fuckin head 
In dis very moment i'm king 
In ah waxi . Fallin asleep . Lack ah do syndrome 
I rather have no sex , than unprotected sex . 
How 2 keep from damagin some1 who who dirtyin ur name wit people ? 
Why can't i love u ? Is there somethin wrong wit me . 
Waitin on a damn maxi . I hate travelin 
And i feel weird wearin a damn dress . 
D dress have a under right under my ass . And it ride up . Wearin a thongs . 
My friends late , and i feel like a hooker . 
D cops make me leave d savannah 2day , cause puppy doh have on a muzzle . 
Now d same asshole police stop infront me , and starin at me . 
Why d fuck dey doh muzzle men who does beat dey wife , and stop discriminating against all dogs 
I hate when people talk loud next 2 me 
Cloudy outside , wet inside . Any umbrella's . Lol 
Feelin stupid . Thought i reach aranguey . jump out 2 c ah now reaci by eddiheart . Groan 
Ah goin 4 lunch . A ugly fuckin man next 2 me . I hope ugly not contagious 
Now a fat woman have meh squash . Not thick . Literally huge wit 5 tyres for body , and a swing set under she arm . Lol 
Why people doh frikin bathe ? 
Watched marly and me 4 d first time . Cried at d end . 
Inna bus route maxi . Mp4 battery dead . Sleepy . 
Horn izza nice instrument , ent ? 
Love izza dirty 4 letter word 
Angry angel 
My puppy barkin at anybody dat come 2 close 2 me 
748 6043 ....... a whore that threatened my 9yr old daughter . the cops ain't gonna do nothin , so , i'm ridin out for her ass . Feel free to call her . she sucks for free . 
Some people who like to play play whe behave like crack addicts . F''kin annoyin . 
You know , izza good thing i doh havva gun . 
Damn , i feel fat . 
the bullshit with all the ignorant and illiterate people must stop . Asshole , not all dogs are bad . Take your head out your ass . 
All the idiots that think that all dogs that bigger than their brains need to be put down , do me the favor and take your idiot selves off my friends list please . 
Just saw a large woman wearin bright red tights , and bright red strappy top . Omg . Big fail . 
I want a pillow pet . Thumpy bunny ... who givin me my thumpy bunny . It by hand arnold in el socorro . Thumpy bunny . Thumpy bunny . ( throwin tantrum ) 
James durbin rocks 
And why dey shoutin so . What , God cah hear ? Y u shoutin at me and speakin fresh water yankee ? 
Once fire was equated wit hell . Now dey sayin it fresh . Walk tru d fresh fire and give me money . How many of u dat stupid ? None i hope . 
On 2 da next 1 
I look fat . I need 2 stop eating . Damn 
Men r fucked up . Only good 4 1 thing .... procreation . 
It's really cool 2 b in touch wit ur first encounter wit ice cream 
One of the freaky pure . Negative . What's your position ? Get tested . 
D person who went in b4 me , stayed long 4 results . She came out cryin . I'm so sorry 4 her . 
Granny come 2 get tested 2 yes . 
I feel old 
so , how many of you people got tested recently ? I had the misfortune of seeing a woman today cry , because she was positive . It was heartbreaking to see . Was worse , cause she saw me come out smiling because I was negative . Come on , wake up people . Her husband gave it to her . 
Drake is hott 
Anybody wanna call my baby daddy , it's 1 800 choke dat hoe 
Byyyrrrooonnn . Ehhh . Ehhh . Ehhh 
Why do the cops i ' know ' have big ' guns ' ? Lol . 
I know y detectives r always late 2 d scene . Lol . 
Omg . My tummy hurts . 
I'm freakin bored 
allyuh ain't now hear wah ah say awa . ah bored 
an why all these white people only followin me on twitter . the only black is young money . do i look like i wanna be inna snowstorm ? 
I hate it when people i don't know talk 2 me 
Can u see beauty around ? If u do , u will c God's grace . 
I don't care if kanye is an ass . His music is genius . 
Young money . I wanna stick my tongue down lil wayne's soul 
I c a fella . God sneezed , an wiped his nose 2 make dat man . 
Nature real weird . Goats pissin on dey teeth . 
why the hell did i get alot of cussin from people , sayin vote for nicole who the fuck ever ? 
I can feel the hunger 4 u , eating at my soul . 
Silence feels like abandonment at times 
Cry ...., all i have left 2 do is die ..... datz just excerpts from my poetry eh . 
I love till i hate u 
D ex's still want 2 b current . 
Why do u put me on a pedestle , with wings and a halo ? I'm an evil bitch 
I'll make u destroy ur soul 
Why trini people so stupid . Meh dog on ah leash and ah muzzle . Dey still have shit 2 say . 
Why do people stare at me 
Religious people make me think of children playing make believe . 
i offended some , but , i still love ya all . 
Every1 say trinidad bless . Didjya all attend geography class in school 
Remember carlton on fresh prince ? Lol 
I want ah kindle 
One minute man ? Lol . On air ? 
Shal man . Lol . 
Ay ay . Look uncle patos 
Chris breezy and justin b . Next 2 u . 
D sweetest man i have ever seen passed . Red , wit a neat long rass . God took his time 
U adorable 2 leon . 
H mpud hpe . H mpud uif cfujm snp . It's a coded statement . Figure it out . 
When u bitches bad talk me , do it wit truth , not lies 
only bouncing in to check my mail . hey everybody . 
Rain . Wha u doin ? 
Fuck all the fools that keep thinkin dat they can bring me down . 
I cannot stand really stupid people . 
Heats baby . Oh yeah . Who u backin 
Heats ... yeah 
Come on . Dallas all up under thier ass . Pick it up heats 
James . 
Noooo 
Miami 
Shivers . Yes . Oh yes . 
Raining souls . Dont catch a cold . Ill take you freely . Then eat you slowly . 
Slow till u scream 
Im in love with judas baby 
Rambachan doh like muslim . Everybody know dat . Muslim doh turn d other cheek . 
All alone , heart tied up in knots over u . no control , dont know what to do . Take it away all the hunger . Dont wanna love u any longer . 
I can still drive u crazy 
Nooo . Rick ross . Keep ya shirt on . 
Traffic damn sick . Saw 2 accidents already 
Yeah lenn . U sweet 
I dont like waiting 
Go heats 
Fuckin stressed out wit some friggin people 
Sick of men 
liar liar . i don't give a shit 
Cmon miami . Dont fk up now 
No . 3 
6 baby . Cmon james 
Omg . Puppy just ate 3lbs meat , with chow , and still hungry . Wow . 
Miami depressin me 
Wha happn lebron . Ya miss a free 
Grind 
Omg . Chandler is fine 
Ill cry 
Lebron , i want a divorce 
Somebody , turn off d sun 
Omg . Thank goodness my boobs dont have far 2 fall . Just c an old woman wit hers by she waist . 
Why do some men use d l word just because dey want some ? 
for the people who I added , I curse alot . I will not apologize . If you don't like it , just unfriend . 
 
Cmon . I aint givin up on miami . Wade and james . Dont let me down . 
Oh mama mama mama , i just shot a man down . 
Set ur profil on private baby . U know who u r 
Walkin my baby is so relaxin . He dont talk , or need answers . 
Heats man . James . U in form baby . Cmon . Take that lead back dwayne 
Dwayne wade . U da man 
Wtf . Wat d hell wrong wit da defence yo 
Might as well have da wake now . Candles , crix and coffee . 
Big fight man . 
Ill eat crow . Dallas real best . Damn good show man 
Im gon make u say u love me . 
Everywhere i go , all i c is beautiful people 
Damn sweet ras . Lol 
Goddamn . My back hurts . Must because heats lost . Oh da shame 
Why do men love so much ? Move on 2 da next one . Y d disfigurment . Kill me instead . Burn . Damn . 
In mt hopeless cause neck muscles frozen again . Fuckin nurses talkin some fuckin gossip and takin long 2 call people 
Ah sittin in screenin . A woman just came and say it have no urine cups . Datz ok tho . They got sanitizer 
Why say a shot gonna sting a little , when u c my tattoo . It aint gonna bother me . It felt kinda good . Lol 
Shot 2 . On my way 2 bein a pincushion . Damn 
Dis adonis of a man passed . The guy next me was his boyfriend . Why ... 
School girl cryin in pain . 4 d last hour . Nobody aint c her yet 
Police vex wit me . One bumped into me . I cursed . Im in pain . He say i cursed him . so , i did . Damn ass . 
Rent a cop an dem gettin on bad 
Y i gotta get stick 4 times just 4 an iv . Den she had 2 dig around 4 d vein . Thank god i like needles 
Damn pain killer have me high and stupid 
Man back hurtin , he say . He makin real noise in meh fuckin head 
Dem rent a cops here like 2 walk round like dey bad . Stuepz 
Back in work . hooray . Stuepz 
Call me a nerd , but , i love star trek . Lol 
Why do i always feel sleepy when i have stuff to do 
Mornin . Wonder how many of u will step out ya box and do somethin a little stupid 2day ? 
With all d pain and ketch ass , i cant say my life is boring . Can u ? 
Goodmorng my angel 
I just need somebody to love . 
Goodmornin baby 
Have a great day 
How do u tell a guy u dont like him without hurtin his feelins ? I tried d direct approach . It didnt work . 
I like all my fb friends . If i didnt accept a friend request , what does dat say . Duh .. some men need 2 b eutinized . 
I think its just disgusting dat big fuckers chew wit dey mouth open . Ah aint sorry if it fall in anybody garden . 
A woman inboxed me sayin i curse 2 much and 2 find jesus . Yet she cursed this mornin , and cheatn . Like a whore vex uh wit she man . 
Thrs a man stdn nx 2 me loud as hell . Wish i cud stk a scrwdrvr n hs i . 
A girl run in . Rain drizzlin . She says ... u aint c rain start 2 fall .... No ! Really ? I was wonderin what dat was ... smh .... fuckin retard . 
Thank u god 4 all d stupid people . At least we know dat there's a fate worse than death . 
Senario ... someone loses somethin . Dey say u and another was around , and it wasn't d other person . Ent ah should trip she while she goin down some stairs ? 
Some people claim 2 find jesus , and get more evil . Then want 2 b all holier dan thou . Stuepz . 
Daughter twisted her ankle pretty bad . Damn . Mount hopeless again . Steupz . Dat hospital 
Goddamn . Why r d male docs in peds so fine . 
Still in d fuckin hospital , waitin just to c if aaliyah's foot is broken or not . Have a gargantuan headache . 
thank ya all for the kind messages . she's fine . a twisted ankle . 
don't you all just love my puppy ? 
I'm so proud that my kids r so beautiful 
Y do jehovah witnesses like 2 talk 2 me ? 
Today is fuckin off . It's all wrong 
Thank god i don't have a gun . 
What does friendship really mean 2 u ? 5 people brought it up 2day . They're my friends , yet i can't talk about what i'm goin through wit dem . So .... whatza friend 
U make my heart go boomba doom boom . 
Take my broken wings 
I dream of rain . Desert rose . 
U only call d sandman when u can't sleep 
that video is not for children eh 
My puppy likes football 
I feel sorry 4 toya . I hope she can pick up d peices and learn from her mistakes 
I don't pray anymore , or ask god 4 anything , but , 2night i prayed and cried 4 this girl . 
Some types of pain is just damn difficult 2 bear 
I feel really sick . 
happy fathers day to all the dads 
I wish i could say hi 2 all da people dat hate me . I would bless them with all my problems . 
To a particular mom , u need 2 take what ur snake of a daughter says with a bag of salt . I am still pluckin her fuckin daggers out my back . U know who mummy . 
Davis charles , whe meh longdistance hug homie . Ah ain't gettin no love . My heart is cold . Bein lonely gets old . Nigga where my love byte . Gimme watz mineand make dis right . 
Sean ... U know i love u 2 . Give d wife a nice , long , deep and wet kiss . Call me when u do , so i can feel it 2 . 
Superman can , wit dat thing in hand . Plow thru my p'''y .. Took me 2 wonderland . Out fightn crime at beck an call . And when i c u da panties fall . I am tinkerbell and ur my tarzan . Nobody can fill me da way u can . Lol . 
Small ears hear the most 
So .... like , ah in a maxi right . Celine singin dat she all by she self , and d driver tone deaf and singin along 
Luther , and a rainy day . Damn 
In a next maxi . Smellin like .... well then . Lol 
Ain't it funny dat when u try staying away from men , all tha sexy ones walk by . 
All i do is think about u . When i 4get 2 , u show up in my dreams . Think i need 2 scream . 
I haven't seen an angel in months . Or maybe seems like months . The taste of dark chocolate frequents my mind . Sigh . Only when i 4get u , u become a supernova in my dreams . Like a drug . I will 4get u dammit . 
Ah seein ah set ah freddy kruggers , jasons , and predators . What happened 2 all da babes ? 
Y do most cops speak d same 
Damn cop tall dark and gorgeous . Sigh . 
This weather ain't callin 4 deep thinkin . It callin 4 deep throat , deep penetration , then deep snorin . 
U start d day ok . Someone makes u laugh . Then life makes u cry , and u feel alone . When that happens , there's a simple someone 2 make u laugh . People , stop hatin on dogs . My puppy keeps me sane . 
Rent-a-cops . Lol . Dey need help . 
I love God , my daughters , my dog . I love music , and the one that made it possible . 
What's the whole point of existance ? I d|n't get it . Is it some sort of celestial joke ? Think about it . 
U r born alone . U feel pain alone . U cry alone . U die alone . 
Have a great day superman 
It's easy lovin somebody who u'll never have . U don't get ur hopes up . Better when they don't know 
Pg 38 in d express made me cry . 
Pg 44 ... if one of those kids were mine , that doctor would be dead in a ditch , after being tortured . 
I may be bad , but i'm perfectly good at it . 
Got da cold 
Some people have gotten offended by somethings i have said of late . I truely , from the depths of my very soul , my love , don't fuckin care . Lol 
Hey superman , shocking da kinda things dat run thru ya head when u on pain pills and feel high ... lol 
Superman needs 2 rescue a kitty in distress . Kitty has been sufferin 4 a long time . Where is superman's sense of duty ? 
Omg . So sorry . Superman is sean . Just an insider joke . Sorry 4 da poor boys dat thought they could be super heros 
Sean or tria , call me now 
I feel just horrible , like i got hit by a bus . Augh . 
U know , ah find it have some serious hypocrits out there . U know who u r . 
It seems everybody wants 2 know who i'm with . The answer s nobody . Just have friends with no benefits . Feel free 2 put in a resum . Smh . 
Goddamn where all these sweet men doin in d grocery 
I swear . Chris brown lookalike 
When u break up wit ur baby daddy , u got more drama 
Everybody dies , but not everybody lives . 
Take these broken wings 
Y does this person keep beggin 
Wet da bed 
Sick fucker . Lol . U know who u r 
Inbox me your fantasy . Mine is i always wanted 2 ..... tell me ur darkest . Doh be shy 
What 2 do ... what not 2 do . Do , don't do . Repercusions are a bitch . 
Don't pretend . Be . 
Desolation . It's quite becoming . The best thing is to stop loving . Get into it with no expectation . Desolation . Keep myself apart ...... it stop me losingmy heart . 
Help . I feel sick . I need some tlc . Sniff sniff . My body is all hot and hurting . 
Didja all know kirk franklin is a mason ? Food 4 thought . 
Let us dance together today , cause we might not have tomorrow . 
Pretend ur gonna die 2morrow . Who r u gonna make love 2 b4 u die . If it ain't ur spouse , u got a problem . 
Indian fellas mustn't wear mohawks . 
Lemme make d question clearer 4 some . Who u want 2 make love 2 tonight if ya gonna die 2morrow . Be real , eh . Ladies ... who it gonna b 4 u ? If it ain't with da person u wit , u wit da wrong person . 
I hate Sundays . Work work and more work . Only men , children and pets enjoy it . Sigh .... 
I started sayin so much , and stopped . I'll say one thing .... i hate .... 
How to love 
Is it even right ? What have u done to me ? Do you even think it wrong ? Do u care what u see ? 
Props 2 those cops workin graveyard 
I'M in love with judas . Jesus is my virtue , and judas s the demon i cling to 
Got alotta crooks tryna steal ur heart 
I really dislike daylight . Give me da sweet , dark , cool of night . 
I feel so tired 
Seriously . I need 2 b pampered 
D dog muzzled , and two stupid women still hatin . And d fuckin dog mindin he own business takin a piss . Smh 
Somebody said some people could be a real pesticide . Lol 
Sigh . Daughter takin real long 2 buy snacks . Lol . 
Judas . Lol 
Born this way . 
I want u . I'll have u . I'll take ur soul . Then swallow u whole . 
Blood da fuck up . 
We gonna fuck da world till dat bitch buss nuts . 
I love u like a love song baby 
Had alotta moments dat didn't last 4ever . Now u in dis corner tryin 2 put it 2gether . How ta love 
I love da night . It feels right . Secrets abound . We won't make a sound . shhh . Take ur soul slowly . I own u softly . U give it over so graciously . Mmm . Delicious . 
I could do wit some hot chocolate 
I am so tired of people . 
How ta love 
I think wolverine sexy . Who doh know who dat is , crawl back under yuh rock . 
Std 4 kids r my height . Damn 
A guy talkin . Stop talkin 2 me 
I hate talkin 2 people . I hate people talkin 2 me . Damn . Shut da fuck up . 
Green goblin 
Sigh 
Being as close 2 celibate as possible ain't all it's cracked up 2 be . It's horrible . 
Wat have u done , since u last saw me . Have u touched anyone , since u last touched me . Did she kiss u like me . Ecstacy . Did she hold u like me . So tightly . 
Mmm . Just got a sony headphones . Feelin it down 2 my toes . Oh yesss . Damn . Now i really want my chocolate . lol 
Damn fine ras . 
Has there ever been somebody who was so irrisistable , if u c them , u feel like ur burning in hell ? Better 2 stay far . 
Groan . I need some hot chocolate . 
It cold 
Yum yum 
I love lolipops , but , i'm on a diet . Love me some hot chocolate , but , i'm addicted 2 dat . No sweets 4 me . 
enjoy tha music 
I can u 2 d edge of glory 
I can't get u outta my head . I just want u next 2 me in my bed . It's been 2 long since i last saw you . Come with baby . U'll know wat 2 do 
If u can't find happiness , then embrace pleasure 
Ur my addiction . Ur my inspiration . I wanna get rid of u . Please tell what 2 do . I still want u . 
Can u differentiate between love and hate ? Do u know my words from thiers . Do u even pretend 2 care ? Can u tell when i'm talkin 2 u . Are any of my wordseven gettin thru ? 
Ur burnin me . All ur silence hurts excrutiatingly . U turned tha light off in my soul . Now all i can feel is da cold . 
I want ur love . I want ur lover's reveng . 
Damn those two firemen fine . 
Question . Do you cuddle after ? I only cuddled wit one person in my life , and it wasn't my baby daddy 
The person who loves the most , always gets thier heart served up on a platter , while the other doesn't give a fuck . 
Hello hot chocolate 
Not marshmellow . A big cinnamon stick 
Wow . Puppy always manages to make me sweat on our walks . Tired . Argh . 
I'm so sorry , but , i think ceaser millan is so hot . 
Goodmorning fb . 
I saw an old lady who looked like an old man . I promise if i end up like dat , imma kill myself . I wanna die at 50 . 
Bought a bake and soya . Tell d bitch slight pepper . She try 2 kill me . 10 yrs ago , i woulda just go and pelt it back in she face . Hm . Thank God 4 herringand tuna in cans . 
D birdie was supposed 2 fly 2night . It flew last night instead . Sorry . 
Lol . Dat was 4 a lovely friend of mine . Sorry u miss out on a fine boyfriend baby . 
I'm so over u . Now i am happy . I feel new . It was so easy . 
I feel like dancin till da world ends .... 
Tonight , imma love u tonight . Give it everything 2night . 
I don't wanna b friends . Want ur bad romance 
Lick u like a lolipop 
How d hell it could be overcast and hot at d same time ? Omg 
I wanna sigh in your arms . I wanna cry in your arms . I wanna lie in your arms . Be free in your arms . Then die in your arms . 
GED got some fine niggas . 
Congrats 2 chaguanas gov't 4 sea achievment 
Never go braless when it rains . 
Oh dear . I'm soaked . I love da rain , but , when u gotta sit in wet clothes ..... 
Ur mine for a little time . Even though it's been months , it's all fine . I carry da memory , to keep from feelin lonley . U crossed my mind . It happens allda time . Be cruel , say u want me no more . I need 2 let go . 
My first boyfriend , my first love , asked me out . Should i go ? I'm takin a vote , cause ah really doh know what to do 
Omg . D dog shred ah whole roll of toilet paper . Then , try 2 run an hide . 
I hate gettin mad at my kids and yellin at them . It breaks my heart . I even got mad at the dog . 
Waitin . Sigh 
I suddenly miss my prince 
Sittin outside . A pack ah dogs runnin up and down . How depressin . 
yuh ever try countin one to sixty five times ? 
Dang 
Ah sleepy . NOT 
Kfc . Gross 
Rebirth . 
I want another tattoo . Sigh . I crave the way thd needle feels . Damn . So good . U have 2 feel it 2 understand . 
Ur my motivation 
Hungry . Want a salad . 
Niggarittis 
It's really hot . 
It's emotional . This pain is physical . It's crucial . I gotta get over this . This demonic kiss . It leaves me so cold . An unholy hold . 
I hate sundays 
I feel stupid . Parent trap made me cry . Lol 
Drunk indian people are d fuckin worse . 
Ah drunk indian man stupid enough to wile up my dog , then upset when he almost get bite , and suprised when i hit him . Fuckin ass . 
Dogs really like to piss on hydrants 
Watchin d hcu enquiry . Damn . All d little people have nothing . 
Time 4 me 2 get a sugar daddy . Had one once . They r better than a boyfriend ...... 
When d directions say take after meals , do it . I feel awful . 
How ta love . 
I used to like ice cube . No more . Stuepz 
I was born this way 
I went out with my first boyfriend and two friends . I enjoyed my day . But ... i wished 4 my prince instead . Can never have . I treasure d little time i get . 
to all those sweet mfs out there , dang ...... you know who you r . 
Yesteryear can melt into today , and time has no separation for good friends . 
My heart is a tempest . My soul a stormy sea . No sweet breeze can ever calm me . 
Sad when u see passion and love u feel 4 someone turns into a placid fondness . 
I don'T like not being in love . I get cold . Heartless . Not 2 my kids and dog though . Love them 
D fuckin lawyer 4 Harnarine just say cunsulter . Wtf ssa cunsulter . Cunsultant 4 those of u that doh know . 
I feel cold and sleepy . Need a warm teddy bear . 
I am hungry . What 2 eat ? 
When ah was a bad bitch , money like dat . Good girl and broken . Stuepz . 
After all this inquiry , will d people get thier money back ? No . Will anybody go 2 jail ? Probably not . 
It couldn't be right . It shouldn't b wrong . I've loved u so long . U've never been mine . Always 2 kind . I'm losin my mind . 
It has been a fuckin day . I am tired and cranky , and , my day over all twelve at night . 
So y d fella in d maxi get up 4 everybody , but make me squeez pass . 
What 2 do , when a man says i love with u , and all u wanna do is laugh , cause u sure as hell don't ? 
All this bullshit . I did what i do best . Be blunt . Some say disrespectful . I laughed , and said , i don't . Go away . He said i was a cold bitch . Duh . I'm avery warm person . 
I'm in love with judas . 
There he goes . 
Seein alotta smoke . Hope nobody house burnin down . 
Ah goin 2 offend . Some say born again in fresh fire . Masons have a rebirth with fire . Wow . Hmmm . Food 4 thought . 
Don't u just love da look on a man's face when u say u gonna take a shower ? 
What 2 do . One fine man standin on one side , adonis on d other . The things dat go tru one's mind . Damn 
Wow . Only when u single u see all da fine niggas around . When u have a man u love , u see no one else . I'm enjoyin da scenery . 
I've got a halo round my finger around u ... lol . Gaga 
Fuckin maxi speedin tru a red light , almost crash into a car . Fuck 
Some black people have too much confidence in indian . Look what goin on now . There is one race that is cruel and heartless . The name of God's mistake , the world's worst race , is , MANKIND . 
I look at the rain falling from the stormy skies , and feel . The wind through the trees , and am in awe at the beauty . I feel my soul fill with love 4 God . Then i see people , and crowded roads , and feel sick 
Inquiry . D fuckin ting playin out like a courtroom drama . That's all it is . Entertainment . While we ketchin arse 2 buy crix and bread , the thieves drinkiThen i see people , and crowded roads , and feel sick 
Inquiry . D fuckin ting playin out like a courtroom drama . That's all it is . Entertainment . While we ketchin arse 2 buy crix and bread , the thieves drinkin champaign . Wake up . We need 2 shut d country down , and storm d castle . 
Waitin by kbs 4 a roti 4 my co worker . Damn it takin long , and dumb ass tryin 2 talk 2 me . Stuepz 
I am different everytime u c me . 
Have u ever questioned , why ? 
Ah man now pass near me . Stinks to high heaven . It to early for alcohol 
Poor Gus , the polar bear , who recently lost his ' wife ' of 24 yrs . Ida died from liver disease . Men should be more like gus 
Imagine a sexy man , pimp ride , open his mouth , only to hear tweety . 
Kiss me . Bruise me . Make me yours again . Take me . Use me . Make me your sin . 
Hello to my sweet prince . 
Imagine a dog d size of my hand snappin at my dog , and all he did was swat it away . I have a gentle puppy . 
I rather swallow a thousand nails , than ask anybody 4 anything . 
Why do stupid people pretend to be smart ? 
Tonight i will cry my heart is sore . Tomorrow 4 u i will cry no more . 
it's been quite a while 
whey . everybody link like that . 
Some people just live to torment . 
What a beatiful male specimen . 
How would u feel if ur in d savannah , and ants get in ur pants ? Lol . 
I feel so at peace in da savannah wit da puppy . I would stay 4 hours if i could . 
Omg . Rest in peace miss shields . U were the one of the few that believed in me . I will always love you . sjgs was blessed with ur service . 
Y'all remember exorsist ? 
Exorcist is so funny . D kids doh think so though . Lol . Popcorn chicken and a movie .. 
Alpha spun around when he heard the islamic call to prayer and stood stock still until it was over . Wow . Hmm 
I envy the dead . 
My mind conjures u . My heart bleeds 4 u . My soul weeps 4 u . My body burns 4 us . 
to everyone from sjgs , mrs shields funeral has not been set yet . 
Beyonce's new album is da bomb . 
Omg . Taxi goin 2 miles a decade . Stuepz 
