Over the past week I learned a lot and am finally seeing the light . Putting people before me , but in reality it should have been God 1st , me 2nd , and everthing comes after . I'm learning . Trust ; CHANGE & GROWTH IS GOOD AFTER ALL ! 
having a drink for my big bro's release :D a day late but better than never 
still a husker ... fan lol 
" Son , glad you never gave me trouble like your other siblings . Thank god for my Gemini " 
!!!.. idk how to feel .. drunk maybe ?? lol 
a drink or 4 sound good rite about now ... hmmm 
I gotta bad ass headache & still got 7 hrs to go 
Big 10 here we come ! :D 
shit i just say the jose is coming out sober , and im not even drunk . I guess I'm not letting people walk over anymore . " I'm a changed man . " 
itz crazy how ppl TRY 2 take da joy out of da greatest day of da year . smh 
Now I know why Jose Cuervo WAS my fav . drink when I used to sip . Jose & Jose(middle name ) blend right together when Emilio takes a break :D LOL 
i take pride in my race , especially being native cuz theres so few left ) .. Just shows u never judge a book by a cover whether it's a name or physical features in my case . 
HAPPY 4TH TO EVERYBODY ! DON'T LET THIS RAIN MESS UR PLANS UP . :) 
I'm so content with a strong family . Because at the end of the day , that's all I need . Plus , another addition to the fam this morning . Big Bro , I want you to have 15th chickens , keep going . lmao . 
I'm digging June . With my new nephew born exactly a week after my b-day , and born exactly 2 weeks before his other uncles birthday , plus his mother is a june bithday(next week ) , and so many other June b-days in the fam makes me happy . Years ago I thought I was the only Gem in the fam , happy as hell cuz my eyes were closed , and theres so many more . :D Life is great but painful at times . 
AHHH I FEEL BETTER VENTING :D 
watchin da game ... la better win ! 
work is going fast so far , thanks to the busy people of CWS makin our days go rapid ... 
Having a field day with Patty with all these jokes lmao 
standing in the rain of people of feign meanwhile stayin in my lane controlling my own pain . 
Nosey azz ppl smh 
" Drama comes in dozens and I know you love it , a rose is a rose so I rose above it " I always like dem words of wisdom lol 
I got way too much energy in dis world to bow down to ANYBODY . yup :D 
" Negative ones leave , positive ones arrive " Not sweating a damn thing . 
what's weather without the rain 
loving the 2 quotes in my pro .. sad that fake ass people smiling in one face . 
1 shouldn't pick arguments/fights/drama/etc . with those that don't initiate ' em ... cuz its a rude awakening 4 u , trust :) 
" illusions give off false conclusions " 
it's friday .. hmmm what is there to do 
it really was a friday the 13th .. idga * tho 
Empty cans make the most noise .. 
its my friday , i couldn't ask for it to come anny quicker .. something sounds good tho :o 
" Energy and persistence conquer all things " 
LMFAO .. ' nuff said :D 
It is what it is aint what it is ¦] 
And you know what else is funny to me , those ppl that aren't close think I'm a full blooded mexican that swam the rio grande , they got it twisted and lil do they know I'm only 1/2 that but more native on this land of USA then most cuz my other half is American Native , ( family & I come from the OMAHA & WINNEBAGO TRIBES of NEBRASKA ) 
things are lookin ' how i want it to be .. timing is everything . 
dammit lakers :| 
people dont like to be told how it is .. i call it , how i see it 
Thank you all for da happy bdays friends & fam !! Thanks 
