" I need a miracle / I wanna be your girl / Give me a chance to see / That you are made for me / I need a miracle / Please let me be your girl / One day you'll see it can happen to me . " 
There is nothing in this world that is more precious to me than you are , even if you don't realize it . 
I haven't eaten at all since the horrible chili during school today . I know I should eat , but I'm just ... not hungry . 
There's a cacophany in my head and I can't hear over the wailing of my thoughts . " I feel this . I feel this . " Screaming , screaming ; what is this ? My indecision rends my heart assunder . 
"' Cause all of this is all that I can take And you could never understand the demons that I faced . " 
Windows Live Messenger = online . :D 
" I will travel across the land , searching far and wide ~ " 
" Maybe it means nothing , Maybe it means nothing , Maybe it means nothing , But I'm afraid to move . " 
Screw it . Just freaking screw it . I hate my life ! 
" I wanna be the very best , like no one ever was ! " 
Ick . Pounding headache all day long . Montevallo tomorrow , bleh ... I should probably pack my stuff ... Got my car back from mom . :D 
Life = grand . 
" There's rosemary , that's for remembrance . Pray you , love , remember . " ( Hamlet 4.5.177 -178 ) 
Trying to work on my rough draft for the English paper ... not getting anything done . D: I can't seem to work it into my thoughts when I'm stressing over a piece of music that I have to learn before Thursday , the fact that I'm having car trouble , and the Latin test I have tomorrow , among other things . D: 
I would like to state that I did not say anyone was immature today . Just to make sure I don't have to clear things up . And I'm not apologizing for someone else's behavior either . Yeah . 
" Let's get it over and just get naked . " Rofl . Best song ever , I think . 
When I finally came to the realization that we just weren't meant to be , I heaved a heavy sigh and felt the weight on my shoulders decrease . There's a limit to just how much I can take , and you aren't going to make the cut for the list of things I want to take on . But maybe that's okay , because I think , one day , we'll be friends . 
Paper = done ! Yaaaaay ~ 
Mule Facebook account = up-and-running ! 
Pinkeye . It's a bitch . e_e 
Got my hair cut todaaaay . O: It's sooooo short ! And choppy . :D 
" My train is off / The track , it seems / Delirious , from my loss of / Sleep-deprived I greet the day / Won't be easy to do / Are you this restless too ? " 
“Squint 
your eyes and look closer . I'm not between you and your ambitions . I am 
a poster girl with no poster . I am thirty-two flavors and then some . 
And I'm beyond your peripheral vision , so you might want to turn your 
head . ' Cuz some day you are gonna get hungry , and eat all of the words 
you just said . ” 
So , my mom texted me this morning and apologized , then called me a couple hours later to apologize again . She unkicked me out and the car is still mine . -phew- 
45 minutes until Theatre . Bleh . D: 
Did my chair tryout for All-County . Barely practiced , but I'm particularly proud of it . :D It sounds amazing aside from the two people who decided to shout in the middle of my E-flat arpegio ... and the child that screamed right before my chromatic scale ... It's too good for me to rerecord it , though . I can't match that awesomeness twice in one night . D: 
Awaaake ... It's not what I want to be . D: 
Theatre ... :( This really is going to be the worst semester ever . 
New Bass Clarinets came in todaaaay ~ ! They're pretty and shiny , and they actually play ! Well ! Like Basses that aren't ancient ! :D My week is complete . The only problem is that the reed that came with the Bass is 2 1/2 and I need a 3 ! 
My mom hates me ... 
How is it taking me four hours to do two loads of laundry ?! And why was ONE sock out of one the entire dryer load STILL wet ?! 
" I may have to give in ! / I'm losing my own war and I'm afraid I'll lose you , too ! " I miss you ; you know who you are . <3 
There's something about not getting what I want that is .... painfully satisfying . 
I feel so ... uninterested . In everything . I think I just want to lie in bed and pretend I don't exist for a day or two ... D: 
I have the most amazing friends . <3 
Sitting in Chrissy's roooom . :D 
" HA ! I'm worth more gold than you are !! " 
" A warning to the people / , the good and the evil : this is war . " 
FINALLY free to go to my mommy's! Stupid piece of crap dryer ! 
Understand this : You and I are physically , mentally , and emotionally incompatible . 
Ice stooooorm tomorrow . Will Calhoun close ? O: Probably not ... 
However obsolete and irrelevant it may be , there will always be a part of you that truly does miss what we had together . 
Five daaaaaaays until I see Patrick Haynes a.k.a. ( to Tori , Redd , and Diana ) Roy Mustang . :3 
Olives . :D My best friends , Diana and Redd's worst enemies . 
I'm sitting here , in my room , in complete silence ... but then I realize that there's a weird , continuous popping noise to my right ... I look over to find that my Pepsi is ... talking to me ? 
Alright so ... First full anime Con is finally , completely done and over with . I had a blast the entire time : meeting Vic was amazing , running all over the Con area and glomping cosplayers was amazing , playing dodgeball was amazing . Everything was freaking amazing ! And the Roy Mustang from my last Status ? Kissed him , for real . Totally unexpected for either one of us , yeah , but amazing nonetheless ! 
Suffering a solemn Sunday , moving along a mindless Monday , tottering through a tedious Tuesday , and weathering the way to long-awaited Wednesday . 
I was run over by ETHAN :( With a trolley-thingy at the Bevill center on Friday night and now my heel actually hurts from standing on it at work . D: Tiiiired . Someone dropped a can on my left knee while we were wrapping up after the con was finished , and now I have a huge bruise ... Bleh . I got beat up this weekend . : T 
The heaviness in my chest belies an emotion that seems so unbecoming for my dispositiont . If there is anything in the world that I am allowed to want without consequence , it should be freedom from this cold weight . My heart is leaden with it . I know the truth of it down to my very bones , and to deny it would be blasphemy . Oh , by the blood in my veins , I do miss you so , and it breaks my heart to think on it . 
Spent too much time outside in the cold yesterday . 
" And I finally found that life goes on without you 

And the world still turns when you're not around ... " D: I wish . 
I'm tired of people who make promises to me and then pretend that they never broke them . 
Ohhh-goodness . D: I'm so freaking tired . I got first chair in the Gold Band , and my tryout was ... really , really bad because my keys decided to stick at random . I'm really thirsty , but my drinks are warm . I'm hungry , but we don't have food in the room . D: Someone save meee ... 
" The black that drew ' I love you ' is a sweet memory . / On the white that washed away ' Thank you ' is a sweet kiss . " Palette - Luka Megurine 
" They call me Crazy Lo o-o o-o o-o o-o op ~ Gotta gotta be Crazy Lo o-o o-o o-o o-o op " 
I will proceed to crawl under a rock somewhere and die now . 
Woot , woot ! Spending the entire weekend at the Kami-Con in Tuscaloosa !! And then Thursday , I leave for UNA with the other Honor Band kids , and there we shall be for three days ! Annnnnnd the Mondya and Tuesday after that we got to West Limestone for ANOTHER Honor Band ! :D I'm going to have a really busy week-and-a-half ahead of meeeee . 
Omg , prom . It be done and over with . Thank goodness ! -collapse- 
" Everybody wants to be a master ~ Everybody wants to show their skills ~ Everybody wants to get there faster ~ Make their way to the top of the hill ~ " 
So ~ who would like to sit around all day from , like , 3 to whenever helping me do all my damn math homework ? Or least help me keep on task ? D: 
" How can you expect to win this war 
If you're too afraid to fight ? " 
Made my caterpillar . :D I had to go inside though because my body was shaking with exhaustion . :P Gonna go back out soon and put the finishing touches on Alfred and take pictures . Oh ! And I saw Kitty walking through the neighborhood . :P 
" And you'll sleep ' til May and you'll say that you don't wanna see the sun anymore . " 
Why does everyone in my family have to through a stupid hissy-fit at the first mention of college ? I can't even have the simplest conversation about it because their first reactions have to include some form of sarcasm or shouting . I'm never going home , am I ? 
As excited as I was for the snow ( I can still see Alfred on the sidewalk through my window ) , I would very much like to be able to finally start my second semester of college . :\ I won't even get to go to Workshop until next week . D: 
This is stupid . I'm staying at my mom's this weekend , or someone's head is going to roll . 
Oh my god . Florence = UNA = store called Oriental Pearl = RAMUNE ! -flail- AFFORDABLE RAMUNE ! Today = great ! 
My sisters are here . :3 I'm really happy about it , but today hasn't been that great of a day . D: 
No self-respecting business should force teenage employees to work a late shift one night and expect them to be up for a morning shift the next . It's ridiculous . D: 
Finally ! Back to school tomorrow ! My bottom lips is chapped from all the band practice weekend . Ohhhh , it was so crazy . D: I missed school , actually . xD 
Dude , omg . First ever REAL con-attendence resulted in the most awesome , life-changing experiences EVER : Vic Mignogna signed my laptop and my FMA vol . 4 manga ! I glomped cosplayers left and right and met a very single , 17-year-old Roy Mustang with awesome hair WHO , by the way , I kissed on the cheek . My life is complete . Like .. crazy-awesomesauce-complete . <3 
" You've got a schedule to stick to / Got a world to keep sweet / It's so much to everyone all the time / Will you ever slow down ? / Will I ever come first ? " 
" It's over . Look out below ... " 
There are kittens in the room next to mine . ._. Best . Day . Ever . And my cousin got me the FOX-dubbing of My Neighbor Totoro . Not the Disney-dub . The FOX-dub . Yay ~ :D 
Okay ... so there's this bird out in my yard ... singing . At 12:30 AM .... I think it needs to reset its clock . 
691369 ... Of course , you would pick the most random-ass number out there . I mean , really ? Haha . God , we've friends ( on-again-off-again ) for ... what ? Ever ? xD Despite the fact that we drive each other batty with mood swings , I'll never regret being your friend . Nor will I regret beating you up all through middle school and teaching you how to be a tough guy . :D 
Ughhhh . What is so freaking wrong with my bedroom ??? It is NOT that messy , people ! D: Honestly , I know about ten people with rooms FAR worse than mine . And , damnit , next week I'm NOT spending all my time in my room , because I have PLANS . Plans that I've had for a month that have cost me almost every penny I've gotten since two months ago ! D < 
My imagination is beyond control . With each breath I take , the walls breathe , too . The steady beat of my pulse rushes through my ears . Shadows and dim lights fly through my peripheral vision . I'm shaken at best , pale , cold , on edge . Nerves burned beyond recognition , I long for the comfort of the person I trust most , who is , conveniently , unavailable . 
" IDK !! " 
Common Grounds Cafe . Omg . Rainforest Mocha = wooaah . 
9X hit combo ! MORTAL KOMBOOB !!! 
Today's the day , the day , the day . Things went so wrong , wrong , wrong . D: 
Thanks to the factory-issued security system malfunction in my car , I had to sit outside in the school parking lot for thirty minutes because it wouldn't start . SOMEONE had a hissyfit because I naturally got mad over her trying to disprove every reason for why our con group was making certain plans . And my phone is dead til tomorrow afternoon . 
Went to Point Mallard todaaaay . Sunburned on the tops of my shoulders and my face ... scraped my back and bum on the floor of the wave pool when a wave knocked me over . But I had lots of fun . :D 
Aw , you people are the best ! <3 Thanks everyone . 
Ugh . Have to go to mom's pretty soon before class . :( All this fighting is stressing me out too much . I can't handle being talked down to by my family AND my teachers . 
Counting down the days , the days , and remembering that I've got a long way , a long way to go . 
When your little cousin crouches down in the kitchen and stands up and raises her hands over her head ( multiple times ) and says she's " growing the tree up , " you know she's a Totoro fan . I'm proud . :3 
Practicing for con performance ~ Nanza-chaaaaan I'm starting to get those ending lines ! 
Got new fish . I got an orange platy and a red platy , Redd got ghost shrimp , and Diana got one black and one silver Molly . My grandma canceled her aol stuff and it canceled my account , so I'm pretty pissed at her . :\ 
thinks that the senior class of 2010 at East Limestone needs to stop being so snooty and realize that not everyone can just fork out money on the spot . 
I want to go back to when everything was simple . D: 
Haynes . His last name is Haynes . :3 
Distraction ! = Kuroshitsuji ( Black Butler ) :3 
In three and a half hours and I'll finally graduate ! In five or six more days , I'll finally get to see my boyfriend in person again . Hama-Con is in eight days , and in exactly two weeks I'll be 18 ! 
Staying at Diana's as per usual . 
I'm not in high school anymore ... I feel kinda sad about it ... I'm going to miss sitting with all my good friends and talking about how much school sucks . D: I'll see all the band kids at band camp ! :D I love you guys . 
I'm also very excited about the next two weeks , what with being able to see Patrick and going to Hama-Con , and turning 18 . :3 It's gonna be crazy . 
Sooo ... Finally got to start playing Birth By Sleep . :D So much fun ! > w < ' cept I keep getting pwnt as Ventus . D: The masked dude beat me six times in a row before I finally gave up and left for the Night of Bands . D: 
Work tomorrow . 8-2 . D: I hate K-mart . Seriously . 
Number 777 . You're a really awesome person , and great at what you do . Don't let anybody get you down , or I'll be forced to beat someone drastically . :D 
Igotajob ! :D Igotajob-Igotajob-Igotajob-Igotajob-Igotajob-Igotajob-Igotajob-Igotajob-Igotajob ! I start at 11am tomorrow . :3 
Calhoun closes at 11 . :P Good thing my class was at 12:30 . Only problem : rescheduled everything to Friday at the same times , and I have to be at work at 2 . In Athens . D: Guess I better call and let them know ... Tomorrow . >_> 
Spent five hours at the emergency room yesterday , four and a half of which involved having an IV in my arm , and they still couldn't figure out what was wrong with me . Got a prescription for Prilosec ; they suggested that I take an antacid along with it . Gotta go to a regular doctor next week to check up on it . 
Firebox 4.0 Beta = beautiful . * o * 
papertoilet.com 
Go there . Unroll the toilet paper ! 
So , I'm trying to stay awake through my nigh t-t ime cold medicine . Not . Working . Going to sleep now ... D: 
I has kitty ... 
His name is Cloud , 
He doesn't have a sword , 
And it'd be really awesome if he fought cactaurs because he was bored . 
No he can't ride a chocobo , 
But he's still better than having a fro . 
Woo ! A real day off tomorrow . :D Not brought on by conjunctivitis [ :( ] But seriously . A day off from work . :D 
Diana's account was disabled for no reason and everyone's stressed out . We can't find a reasonable cause ... Wtf , mate ? 
Parked . :( I can't drive my car until my mom and step-dad can afford to get it fixed . One of the belts is worn out and there's an axle that's about ready to give out , too . I don't like not being able to drive my car . D: It makes me feel ... stuck . :( 
" I thought you said forever , Over and over , A sleepless night becomes Bitter oblivion . " 
21 I've already forgotten the events of the very first time we ever met .... but I remember when and where it was and with whom . :D So it's okay ! Despite the fact that we almost never talk anymore , I still feel like you're an amazing person and I'm uber-glad we could become friends . :3 
I don't know why I'm doing this .... But I guess ... I'll succumb to the number game . D: Send me numbers , people ! 
Crisis Con ftw ! :D Boy , do I wish I was there ... 
At grandma's for grandpa's birthday dinner-thing , then I can head back out to UAH to rejoin the Con ! Yaaay ~ 
" Got up some courage , checked something I was wondering about , saw the changes . I nearly laughed victoriously ; could have pointed at your face on the screen and let out all the steam I've built up . But then I realized ... I'm in the exact same place as you . I swallowed my laughter and cried instead . " 
Craaaaap . :( My car's broken down , Diana's out of gas , and neither of us has the money to put gas in her car . Class is at 9:30 ! D: Whatdowedowhatdowedowhatdowedo ? 
Sooo . My car went on security three times this morning and when I called my mom to complain , she had a conniption and hung up on me . Called me back later and ended up chewing me out again about other stuff and told me I might as well just get my shit and get out of her house . Hung up again . Oh , yeah , Redd's mom took my cat to the pound , too , so these last two days have been the worst . Ever . 
Bleh . D: I really really hate this . Waking up in the morning is the worst , because it's like the pain I had escaped slowly comes back into focus . I can't even enjoy food anymore ; it hurts so much . D: 
Yay , kidnapping ! 
... wait ... 
Ate a cookie . D: It was evil . I'm going to go eat its friends now . 
' Kay . It's official . I like to play Halo Reach . I cannot , however , drive any vehicle that isn't Covenant or in space . D: 
First a shower ... then off to work . D: 
" ... if I'm going to have toast of the French persuasion then I don't need regular toast ... " - Diana 
Theatre Workshop = fun . :D I get to memorize the lines of an uneducated 17-year-old girl who thinks she knows everything about the bible . 
Feeeeeeling ... : T Kinda better . Up at my grandma's again . :3 Interneeeeeet . :D But no time for chatting now ! I only have 3.5 hours to do ALL of my French homework ! D: 
My grandma watched me as I was sitting at the table . My little sister came over with some Oreos and offered me one . Despairingly , I refused and stared at the beautiful cookies on the table ... 
My grandma says I'm depressed . I feel like I'm being stabbed in the center of my chest with a serrated knife , over and over , and food makes it worse . 
D: I miss food ... 
AAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh . > ( 
Omg my costume for the mini-con came in ! All I'm missing is my wig . D: Oh , and some shoes ... 
" Wee ! x3 " -pause- " Wee ! xD " -pause- " Wee ! x3 " -pause- " Wee ! xD " -pause- " Wee ! Omg , guys come watch my fish ; they're funny ! " 
Took a shower and found that everyone had up and left the house . Thanks , guys , I really enjoyed the fair warning . Looks like I'll be seeing myself off to work today . :\ 
So I've got the flu ... :( I went to work yesterday with a head-cold . Took Tylenol with me , which failed in reducing my headache . My back started to hurt really bad , so I took my 15-min . break 2 hours into a 7-hour shift and bought cold medicine and put on my back brace . :\ I somehow managed to last the rest of the night after Ben brought me food for my 30-min . break . Broke down sobbing as soon as I got to my car . D: 
Uggghhhh . D: I don't waaaaaannnnaaaa work at 11 in the morning tomorrow . It means I have to get up at like ... 8 or 9 and leave at least an hour early to drop my sister off at the grandma's . >_< 
I have the flu . Fml . D: Instead of working 9 hours and making money , I have to stay home and rest . Mommy has decreed it so . 
Watched Legends of the Guardians today . I died a little inside ... :( And I was so excited to see it ... 
Homework ... Mission incomplete . D: But I understand now ! :D I MIGHT pass the test on Wednesday ... 
Being sick is starting to grate on my nerves . ): I'm getting sorta physically better . Less headache , not as much bodily ache ... but now I can barely talk , and my throat is itchy and scratchy . 
My nose itches . D: 
:) 
" Isn't this , too , just fate and nothing more ? Fade away , Fade away , I say to our love . " 
Don't ask me how my day was . I might just cry . 
Math final in two hours . D: Must study ass off . 
Today is a day is a day is a day . I hope Diana made it to work on time this morning . Seeing as it's almost 2 in the afternoon , I should probably get up . xD I have stuff to do ! 
Okay . So , now my computer's battery has pretty much given out . It functions if it's plugged in , but refuses to charge . I will be spending less time on my computer and more time being bored out of my skin now . 
Argh . D: Why are all my characters for cosplay so expensive ? And why isn't there a good , complete outfit for Megpoid Gumi on ebay ? T_T 
Time doesn't go fast enough when you're waiting . :\ Too bad it always goes to fast when you want it to last . 
Involuntarily squinting at the computer ... I think it's time to go to sleep . =_= 
My wig arrived in the mail today , just as expected . :D I'm excited to be able to open the package tomorrow after I run a few errands with my mom . 
I just want some frickin ' soup . :P 
Well I'm off to another five hours of suckishness . :\ On the bright side : I don't have to close tonight ! :D On the not-so-bright side : I still don't have all my homework finished . D: Guess I'm pulling an all-nighter tonight . 
We leave for Kami-Con on Friday and I still have nothing to wear as Gumi other than her wig . D: Aaaaahhhhh ! 
Had so much fun at Kami-Con . I mean , there were some downtimes , but otherwise , it was absolutely amazing . Kyle Hebert and Johnny Yong Bosch signed my laptop and Eyeshine and Little Kuriboh signed my badge and I was in SO MANY PICTURES . I love cons . :D 
" No I can't take one more step towards you , ' cause all that's waiting is regret ... " 
I don't have time for mood swings . And I refuse to argue . I will administer the silent treatment . 
It makes me happy that , even at 1:30 AM , I can look out my window and see Alfred guarding the sidewalk in front of the house . :) 
No one will get this right ! My middle names__________ , my age___ , my favorite soda_______ , my full birthday___/___/___ , my best friend_____ , my favorite color______ , my eye color_______ , my hair color______ my favorite food________ , my moms name__________ , and my favorite sport_______ !!! Put this as your status and see who knows you best !!! Good Luck 
Snoooow . :D Planning on making snow boulders ad lining them up to form a giant caterpillar tomorrow . :) It's gonna be great . I think I'll name it Alfred . 
Pearl Harbor can rot in history . D < We already got our payback and more . Here's hoping for Japan's swift recovery . -Otaku till the very end . 
It's National Book Week . The rules : Grab the closest book to you . Go to page 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the book . Post these rules as part of your status . 
" The slug was the best thing to find in one's jelly . " 
Cherry . :3 
At my grandma's house from today ' til Sunday/Monday . Gotta keep the house clean and the pets fed . Allowed to leave whenever I frickin ' want , so long as I try to make sure the dog is in the yard before dark or else he makes life difficult . Also : no boy's allowed . :P 
The truck died as soon as I actually fucking needed it . I can't believe they thought they could leave me here for almost a week with a truck that has a faulty battery and expect that I , of all people , would be lucky enough for it to keep working the entire time . I wanna go home . T_T 
Haha ! They're making an Append-equivalent for Gumi . :D It's called Megpoid Extend . They're adding a vocal expression to her original voice bank and another breathe sound . AND they're improving her pronunciations to make them clearer . :3 To be released sometime this year . 
Yum , tiramisu . :3 
Oh , god , where'd the time go ? D: Going to bed . Now . 
Really snow ? D: Really ?? 
You and I are going to have to sit down one day , without anyone else to distract/disturb/whatever us , and we're going to need to talk out these frustrations we have with each other . And why they exist . And what we each need to do to fix them . WITHOUT snapping/yelling/hitting/bitching at each other . 
If you're not the person I'm talking to ( you know who you are ) , keep your sarcastic comments to yourself . Or else . 
I'm boooooored . 
I would like to request that all of my Manga be returned as soon as possible , whether you are done reading it or not . I have absolutely no idea who has what anymore , only that it's not on my shelves . Here is a list of what's missing : 
Black Cat volumes 1-3 
Elemental Gelade volumes 2-3 
Rasetsu volume 1 
Yurara volumes 1-5 
And from now on , if you borrow my books , TELL ME . 
Watching Pandora Hearts . On episode 4 . Hooked . 
Day four of being without my car . I'm really really not liking this . I can't go anywhere and I hate being cooped up in the house by myself with nothing to do . I'm sick of it already . D: I wish my car was fixed ... 
1st person to like my status- I'll change my last name to yours for a week . 
-2nd person to like my status- I'll write I Love You on your wall for 3 days . 
-3rd person to like my status- I will answer any question . ( inbox only ) 
-4th person to like my my status can choose my profile pic . 
-Put this as your status if your brave enough !! 
For Heather : figment.com :3 
CAR . -end of story- 
I'm not explaining . 
Slow-motion load-time . :D 
Why , computer ... whyyyyy ? D: 
My computer's gonna be down for a bit because it was slammed by viruses two pages into Deviantart . -using mommy's computer- 
Soooo ... I'm hiding out in the laundry-room bathroom with four dogs and a cat .. I've got the internet radio going and I can vaguely hear the tv chattering away about the weather . So far , I hear it's safe , but I'm kind of crowded in here and don't think I want to fight getting the animals in here again if it comes back .. 
So the power internet and ... everything else is out ... my phone and Diana's phone are dead . Lots of candles and flashlights . Bored to death , SAFE . But bored ... 
I refuse to continue living in the dark like this . 
Waiting nervously for the email I'm supposed to get from Vector Marketing so that I know the heck I'm looking at in terms of a job . I have an interview with them in two hours , have to be there at least 15 minutes early , and still have to get ready to go . Showered and clean , presentable but not dressed for the interview yet . What if I don't get the email in time ??? D: 
Just finished my first two homework assignments for Math . x_x Bleeh . Anyway . My phone's kind of dead ... gotta figure out what to do now ... I don't have the gas to drive to Athens and back down to Decatur for Orientation and then back to Athens to meet Diana at the apartment ... and THEN to someplace in Huntsville . ... So much is demanded of me today . D: 
Thank you EVERYOnE for the birthday wishes . :D 
Omgggg . Internet at hoooome . :D Now I can apply for a real job . 
SINGLE or NOT post this on your wall . 
If you love me , c o m m e n t . 
If you think I'm Cute , l i k e . 
If you wanna flirt , m e s s a g e . 
If you wanna date me , be honest , I'll keep it a secret , p o k e . 
... If your not scared , m a k e . t h i s . y o u r . s t a t u s 
>_> I feel brave . xD 
Woo ! 6 applications in about 2 hours . :3 
What a fright you are , Cantella , dressed in your rags , ratty hair tied back in a crude knot . You look like death in a dirty , torn sundress ; blood on your sandals , staining the soles of your feet . You have scars on your fingers , with your nails all ripped up . Your pretty pale skin is stained dark with dirt . What a fright you are , Cantella , dressed in your rags . You look like death , all prettied up . 
Grimmjow . The best thing since ... ever . 
Okay , g'night . :D 
You're a turd . : T 
Goin ' swimmin ' . :3 
Blarg 
Managed to get access to NicoVideo . :3 Now I can get vocaloid songs from there that take forever to get onto YouTube . :D 
Tiiiired . 
It's gonna be a long day . 
I just got 10,000 gold from GaiaOnline's Daily Chance . -faint- 
Finished with season one of Bleach . Six episodes into season two . :D 
Grimmjow . :3 
Orientation for new job . 
Fiesta ~ 
Playing Fiesta . If I don't respond within three minutes , it isn't notifying me . Text if it's urgent . 
Working 10am to 7pm today . First day on the job with a 9-hour shift to start ? Eek . >_< It's gonna be rough , but my first paycheck's gonna ROCK . 
I officially hate french fries . > ( 
Complex . 
There's a kitten . owo 
Heave up your words ; a confession or insult , a declaration or renouncement , it won't matter . Each syllable will be etched into my soul and cradled in my heart . 
I've ... got .... a ..... LAPTOP ~ ! And I am USING IT ! With INTERNET !! :D Except I'm going back to my mommy's , so there won't be any internet for me for a while . 
