Going back to the gym , then sleep before the beginning of yet another beautiful work week ( gags ) . 
There's always room for improvement . If you think you're doing well , look again , you may have missed something . Perfection is a bold-faced lie . :) 
Off to Mom's for movie night with friends for work , then the gym ! 
Out buying stuff ... damn , you never really realize how much stuff you need and how much it costs until Mom isn't buying it anymore ! 
It's great how a day at the gym will lift your spirits after a bad day at work . :) 
It's gonna be a good day . Off to the gym to get my workout on , then all day cleaning ; can't get any better than that . 
Memorizing and translating lyrics ' cause I love to sing in the car ; it's the soundtrack to " Cleopatre : La Dernière Reine D'Egypt " starring Sofia Essaidi . 
God , insomnia sucks ... 
Well we are mostly packed , just 4 more days to go . Seems like an eternity but its all worth it . CHEESECAKE !!!! 
is ecstatic now that his car insurance went from being $167.16 to $94.36 for full coverage . 
Going to work now , but then off to see Bertina in the afternoon !!!!! 
Off to the gym before work , I hope it's not crowded . TGIF for me . 
6 meals a day . I don't know how I'm going to fit that into my work schedule , lol . I guess I could take a break every now and then ... 
Its finally my weekend , time to go wild ! 
Geez I'm so freakin ' angry right now . Words don't seem to explain why . Why is it that when everything seems to look way up there , there's always someone holding onto your leg bringing you down . Maybe this was all a mistake . 
I wish our backs were designed better , able to withstand a little more abuse . It seems to be my achilles heel . 
is very happy the weekend is finally here . I feel great and rested for what should be a great day at the gym today . 
Now that the bills are all set , time to do some food shopping before I collapse into bed for another wonderful work week . 
is getting ready for a fantastic workout at the gym , but first a nice jog to get the blood pumping . 
Lol , great day at work . I'm finally free of all pessimistic and other annoying , abnormal feelings . I'm finally back to my upbeat , optimistic self , despite a night that would have had most people shuddering in horror . 
Wow , I had a 3 hour workout and ran almost 3 miles in 30 mins at the gym . I really wish I could have done that in high school . Would've saved me a lot of grief and teasing ... 
I feel good after yet another productive day at work . I hope I'm just as productive at the gym today . 
Had a lot of fun watching " New in Town " with some friends . Just hate that it's raining today , I was going to get out and jog ... 
Relaxing after a tiring but productive day at work . 
Omg , I had the best night ever . Most people would have bitched about being in pharmacy , then HBA , then baby food , but I fuckin ' rocked it . Yay for positive attitudes ! 
Ding dong the car is dead . Who killed it and why , no one knows . But how much to fix it ? we'll find after this commercial break . 
Gettin ' down with some house cleaning , laundry , X-Files , and French radio . What a weekend ! 
J'irais où tu iras , à bout du monde avec toi , quitte à tout perdre avec toi ... Thank god its the weekend . Time for sleeping . Big time . 
Damn , the weekend . I'm not doing anything . Not a damn thing , lol . Except get my beauty sleep that is ... 
I was awakened for city inspections just as I fell into a really deep sleep ... grrrrrr ... I just LOVE being on third shift , lol . 
Its my birthday and I'll cry if I want to ! Actually not , but I do have to go to work , that sucks . 
is sufficiently satisfied after finally watching the whole 3rd season of Roswell in 2 days . 
Wow , had a decent night at work . Man , for the first time in months I actually feel good again . Apparently it's good to get 6 months of repressed feelings out . 
Wow , I never figured my mom to be good at Rock Band , but she fuckin ' kills in the Beatles version , on every instrument . I had a lot of fun with her today ! 
Had a great day just hanging out . Now to sleep , one night to go ' til the weekend . 
Cooking some salmon with broccoli and cauliflower for dinner ... delicious . it's gonna be a good day now that the weekend is here ! 
Great job , we got GM backroom looking SPOTLESS . Thank god we were able to take care of that ungodly 4100 piece truck from last night . I even managed to annoy an old friend . Life is good . 
is now liscensed on the walkie stacker , yay ! Now he just needs the scissor lift and electric pallet jack and he's good , whenever they get around to doing it that is ... 
I really wish I watched Roswell while it was on TV . It's one of the best shows I've seen in a long time . Just gotta find someone who sells season 3 ... 
Let's hope my Friday at work tonight is a good one , I'm not in the mood for a bad Friday lol . Positive thoughts , positive thoughts ... 
Awesome workout ! I'm pumped that I finally found another person to go to the gym with . 
Yay , sunshine today ! Rain , you stay away , please , k thanks ! Don't know why , but it's going to be a great day . 
Awesome , had a great day . Gym with my two best friends , then went to their house and ate Subway while watching " Mommie Dearest " . Crazy movie ... My brother comes down today , whoo hoo ! Can't wait to see him . Better get cookin ' for tomorrow . I'm so excited : I get to try my baking skills ! 
is out for a little jog . He's gotta clear his head in preparation for tonight . 
I had just a little help , but I couldn't believe I got that much paper goods up in 3 hours . Maintenant , j'ai besoin dormir . Tout le jour aujord'hui . Bientôt toute le monde ! 
is feeling a little under the weather ... with a fever and a splitting headache . I hate the cold , and it's not even that cold yet , lol . 
just got back from movie day with friends ... we watched Miss Potter . Gonna go to sleep now , work was not too kind to me this week . 
Is having a good day . Jogged , grocery shopped , watched Transformers 2 at a friend's , cleaned the apartment , and is currently jamming to Girls Aloud ; awesome day off . 
Ah , my clothes are almost done drying ... i get to go to bed soon :) . Gonna be a wonderful monday night , i can feel it ( shoot me now . ) 
Damn , a 4100 piece truck night and I'm the only one who left smiling . I guess you just can't bring me down . Hopefully tomorrow night goes better though . 
The end of this year can't F*****g come fast enough , I swear 
Awesome day between a killer workout and fun times with friends . Got my mind on a certain someone , hope he's got his mind on me , too . 
I destroyed my shoulders all according to plan today ! Thank goodness for Pilates to stretch that shit out ... Now time to hunker down into sleepytime ! 
is psyched about his first date in forever on Tuesday night ! Gotta survive one more night at work though ... 
Whew , finally all moved into my apartment , and now I have internet access . Now its finally time to sleep ! 
Did some nice strength training with a complete stranger today ... awesome that people are still nice in this world . I learned a lot , and he took 20 mins out of his day to work with me ! I'm still feeling energetic , so off to do a step workout ! 
One more night , one more night ... Thank god i get 3 days off this week , i can really use it ! 
Awesome night . Worked in grocery backroom all night , and I left it spotless . Then I helped in GM backroom and got it spotless . What an awesome way to end a great week . Hopefully my workout for today is just as great . 
Yay I have a week's vacation from work ! Feels like it's been a long time coming , too ... oh well , back to packing . 
Had to say goodbye to an old friend today . Whatever problems we had in the past , I'm glad that we shook hands and had a nice conversation before he left . Whew , one regret avoided ! I'm going to miss him . 
Going to bed , über tired ! Please let this weekend be one of relaxing and much needed sleep ... 
Going on another lunch date with Justin ! Can't hardly wait . 
OMG , its finally my friday . Rough work day last night . Heading to work soon , then gym in the morning , and I am good to get my sleep on . 
is getting ready to go to sleep so he can enjoy this thing called a 3-day weekend . This will not happen again anytime in the foreseeable future , so let the fun commence in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Mom , let's do this thing ! 
* Clicks his heels * There's no place like home , there's no place like home ... 
Doing laundry watching Seinfeld . Going to spend time with mom today and read a little . It's been a great weekend . 
Stick a fork in me , I'm done . One of the largest companies in the world and we have to run with LESS than a skeleton crew . It never ceases to amaze me how I've lasted this long . 
I must become more disciplined if I am to stay on the current path I'm on and not faulter . 
Nice night at work , I got a lot accomplished . I even got to do extra stuff like reprinting bin labels that either won't scan or are torn up . Been wanting to do that FOREVER ... hope my workout is just as awesome . 
Just got his tax return today ! Whoo hoo ! Now , what to do with it all . I know ! Bills , bills , car repair , bills , license plates renewal , bills . Sounds about right ... oh , I forgot bills . ;) 
Paid off my car yesterday , yay ! At least I know I can handle a 5-year commitment now . Credit cards , you better be scared because you're next ! 
After speaking to an old friend for 3 hours , I finally regained my fire for my cause ; my body , however , was like , " Whoa there killer ! I kinda liked sitting on the couch eating chips and cupcakes while playing WoW or watching SG-1 ! " Oh well , I guess I can't please everybody . 
I just got back from my date last night . All I can say is that I'm VERY interested . Let's hope he feels the same way . Glad to finally be out there again . 
Boy my sleep schedule is off ; after 4 and not sleepy . It's going to be a fun night alright . Just about completely tired of all this bullshit ... but otherwise I'm fine and dandy . 
Why is it that when nothing's going wrong I'm bored as hell ? Why can't I be content lol ? Sometimes I wish I was a scientist studying my own psychosis ... 
Finally after all this time I've let Walmart go . I'm uber excited that I got a promotion after a short period of time , however I'm worried that I may not know enough to do it , or that even though I have come so far from the way I used to be , I'm still a little too timid to be a shift supervisor . I start training on Monday morning . yayness . I may have to drink more milk to harden that backbone of mine . 
Lol . I left for work today at 12am . 2 hours to get to danville . then 3 hours to get to bloomington , IN . Then inventory Kohls for 8 hours . Then drive the whole 5 back home . It's now 5:47 pm and I'm tired as hell , but at least the inventory went very very well . 
The car I paid off in February is currently out of commission . Engine got fucked up . I can't believe that . Can a bitch get a god damn break ? When something awesome happens , something else fucks up . Story of our lives . 
Lol . Next week , I get to inventory a Victoria's Secret store . Yet another experience wasted on someone like me :) 
Breaking News : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On and crashed into We All Have Problems before coming to a complete stop at Get Over It . Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this ... repost 
It's terrifying when you are driving on I-74 East at 70 mph at 3am and 4 deer are trying to cross the interstate . You get relief when you pass narrowly between two of them , but the lingering thoughts of what could have happened still linger . 
Lovely . I just found out the reason I trained doing Walmart Cost Inventory : they want me to supervise them from now on . I'll be going to pretty much every one of them in central Illinois once a month , at the end of each month . I may have quit Walmart , but I definitely have not gotten away scott-free . But hey , at least it enables me to see my friends at good ol ' 3459 , I'm excited about that . 
Today things keep getting better . I had a job interview for a possible promotion and my baby and I just got approved for our first apartment . Lovely . 
Yeah , I go to Joliet and end up leaving my phone there ... /facepalm right now 
It was very nice to finally see my brother again for the first time since Thanksgiving , I'm a little peeved that I couldn't stay , as I needed to go home to sleep before another exciting overnight at WallyWorld . I'm missing my mother's meatloaf :( Here's to catching them before they leave in the morning and the start of a much needed vacation out of Bloomington-Normal :) 
Going to spend a week at Jaysen's place . I really hope we have fun and I can help him feel better . 
Just saw Alice in Wonderland . Some people say it sucks but I enjoyed the humor . It was exactly as I thought it was going to be . 
I really like what they did with Flashforward and how it all came together at the end . Now to sleep in preperationfor a bear of a night to come . 
Two nights Carl-free . I feel sorry for him , but at the same time , I'm noticing how much more productive everyone is . Here's to you Carl . I know that " its another day , another dollar , " but you taught everyone that , like you , we all " love our jobs . " 
God , this work week was ... well ... work . But at least I get to come home after a long week and watch RuPaul and his queens battle it out on the main stage . Bitch , you better work ... and don't fuck it up . 
Going to Joliet for a bit , then back to Sauk Village and Steger today ! 
God , can they make it any harder ? I understand completely why , but you still need to throw us a freakin ' bone here . 3rd shift = skeleton crew / 2 . 3rd shift + banned use of shopping carts + lack of other carts = wasted time and >_< ... oh well , time to get over it . 
Souviens : Rien ne glisse entre mes doigts . 
Trying this relationship thing once again with someone sweeter than the last . It'll be my third , so hopefully three times the charm . 
Mo has made his triumphant return ! Good to have you back buddy ! 
I'm about to spend the weekend with my beau mec in New Lenox . Can't wait to get up there and relax with him . Hopefully I'll come back to find I got the promotion and will start immediately . Super excited ! 
Lol . Shame on you if you fool me once . Shame on me if you fool me twice . Jamais plus ... jamais plus . 
Getting my mp3 player situated for a late , but welcome day at the gym . There's some aggression to be let out after last night . 
It doesn't matter if you think you're a 5 at best ; the person who loves you thinks you're a solid 10 . So don't worry about being good enough for that person , the only thing that stands in your way is you not being good enough for you . 
I feel good about this . Now I have a chance to feel what most people around me do . I finally feel like I have a shot at true happiness . Tim , let's do this thing , honey ! 
OMG . I found a piece of burnt toast in my Cinnamon Toast Crunch . How fucked up is that ? Quality control anyone ? Jeez . 
Thank god for this weekend . I'm getting my Will and Grace fix as we speak , but i'm really missing my honey . 
Had a friend give me a brake-job today , so I saved a bundle ! Yay ! The bad part is that I'm sunburned as hell . If that's what it takes to lower the price from $400 to $120 , then I guess I can't complain ! 
Form a picture of a human face in your mind . It can have any of the features you want , beautiful or ugly , " normal " or disfigured . Got it ? Good . Now with all the people in the world today , there's bound to be someone that looks exactly like that ...... 
Getting ready to leave to go to a small party with Tim's parents and family . I'm hoping this will not end up like " Meet The Parents " with Ben Stiller ! :) 
I'm back from a wonderful week with my boyfriend , Tim . Spent a lot of quality time with him , and even spent a nice day at the Brookfield Zoo . With the pride parade on the horizon and a trip to Springfield next week , I'm really enjoying the vacation I so needed . 
Je meurs peu par peu chaque nuit que je vais travailler . I die little by little each night I go to work . 
I didn't realize my sunburns on my head were so bad that now I'm blistering . Very painful . Lesson learned . Must wear hats from now on , but now to choose one that doesn't give me elf ears . 
Come on RGIS . You have no idea how bad I need this job . You don't understand , I'll do ANYTHING for it . ANYTHING . 
Yesterday concluded the first week of class for me . It's time to turn this bitch out and for once finish something I've started . ISU , you better be ready for me in the spring . 
So happy I'm moving tomorrow , but alas , no internet until Thursday . 
I loved my surprise party , my gifts , and sushi buffet lunch ! Thanks to all who came out and thank you for all the birthday wishes . You guys rock ! Just wish I could call off though ... 
I jogged the Constitution Trail today , and I got all the way from Raab Rd . in Normal down to Douglas St. in Bloomington before turning around . I must say , the treadmill is nice once in a while , but you just have to get out there and sweat it out instead of being in an air-conditioned building . It makes it that much sweeter when you reach the end . 
Well , I downed 4 cups of coffee in preparation to make sure I didn't nod off in class . Class was cancelled today . Now I'm up for a very long time . I have to be up at 5 . Lovely . 
Tu peux partir , tu peux rester , prendre ma vie dans tes mains . Tu peux garder ce qu'il reste de mon âme . Dans un monde absent , toi tu me comprends . Je prends vie près de ton corps . Ici , maintenant , j'en redemande encore . 
I appear to have a new job ! I filled out tax forms and have been invited to participate in a paid training session at the Wal-Mart in Normal , tentatively on the 28th . Very happy at the moment lol . I got my Christmas present , that's for sure ! 
I just found out that I've been formally re-admitted to ISU for the Spring ! No more fear , no more pain , no more laziness , no more excuses . It's time to finish this thing . 
I'm running , keep gunning , no , I'm caught in a spiderweb , I'm caught in a spiderweb . Wanna shout , can't get out , No , I'm caught in a spiderweb . Can someone save me ? Can someone save me from this hell ? I gotta break free , I gotta break free from myself . ~ Matt Pokora , Spiderweb ~ 
Our father , who art in Chicago , football be thy game . Let Forte run , another Superbowl won , on earth as it is in Soldier Field . Give us Sunday a playoff victory and forgive us our penalties , as we defeat the Packers who play against us , and lead us not into the late season and deliver us to Texas . For thine is the D-line , Urlacher , Briggs , Tillman , Hester and Peppers forever ... Amen ! Pass it on Bears Nation GO BEARS ! 
I finally have a tentative schedule for next semester . Soc 206 : Sociological Inquiry , Soc 211 : Social Gerontology , Soc 220 : Global Social Change ( Intro to Macrosociology ) , and Lan 112.12 French Year 2 part 1 ( tested out of year 1 part 2 ) . Happy as a clam :) , now if i can only get approved for some student loans ... 
Well , it looks like I may not be able to do this thing . They don't want to give me financial aid , even though I asked for only loans , so I guess I have to file an appeal and see if I can do it . I don't want to give up after I tried so hard to get everything going again , as I'm already registered with a plan , but now I do feel greatly disappointed and discouraged . 
So happy , I have an interview tomorrow . Change is good , let's hope this will end my depressive career at Wal-mart . 
Had a great day today inventorying Big R , a hardware store like ACE . Having done a whole wall of light bulbs , about a 24 foot section of pegs and narrow shelves , I can say that all the little tricks I learned to " force " freight on the floor will never be done by me again . /shudder . But at least my APH was over 1200 . :P 
So glad that I still get to inventory Gander Mountain this morning , even with this snow . And , RGIS set up a caravan , so at least I don't have to drive in this . 
