I feel like i have been hit by a mac truck this new work out is killin me lol 
Justin bieber . i dont care wat anyone says he is talented he has a future ahead of him and at least he has his head straight for now lol lets hope dat he keeps it dat way and not give in to the pressure like all of our fallin actors we all have loved even our musicians 
I know you cant read this but i love you baby and i cant wait to talk to you on this day of love 
only blockin or deletin people if they cant keep it real be a real nigga not a hata 
just talked to my baby not long enough but good to hear his voice its a wonder wat love can do and you also realize how much you do love someone once they are gone cherish your significate other dont waste it fighting or bein suspicious be happy god granted you a child of his to love 
Fear not tomorrow . for god is already there . 
When does the cycle of trust ever end . when do the words i love you really mean wat they should . how do you ease someones mind who cannot not be there physically that your words are true . does that mean if your not trusted or they have thoughts of miss trust that its your fault . why cant things be excepted for the love thats in front of you instead of analyzed . maybe past hurt really does sink bone deep . 
Too tired to deal with anything or anyone who has attitude im so emotionally drained its crazy 
Sittin here thinkin enough for a hundred people wishin he was home .... lets go pittsburgh beat em jets !!! 
Want to sleep but knowing there are things left unsaid is driving me crazy why cant people just stay out of business that aint there its so frustrating . 
Pay day more money gone to bills at least I see my babies 
I love him so much it hurts my soul it makes my heart ache hopefully da lord will will not keep him there and settle my heart and will not take 
It has been years and still i am hated by those i love life is too short to be angry or upset bout past things that were said or done but i guess some people just cant let go of the past 
Decided on my new tat really thinking bout gettin it on da back of my neck but not sure i like the forearm as well 
Waitin for my phone call and then going to try and sleep if my mind lets me happy v day everyone 
Ugh morning ... was havin a wonderful dream and my phone woke me up ... i miss my baby 
Just talked to my baby and wow thats the first time i hung up very happy :) but it only last so long 
Tired of bein treated like dirt 
christina could have done better ... 
I dont watch tv at all that much but da simpsons . family guy . and american dad are hilarious and how i met your mother they funny too 
I just decided im half bisexual 
Me and da kids chillin dis weekend wit our pittsburgh going to whoop green bay 
Here comes da steel 
Makin spahgetti for dinner the kids love it :) 
Finally one asleep the other occupied get to have a few moments to breath and lots to think bout 
Tired . confused . and feelin weak ... 
I know being away and isolated from everyone you love is hurtful and detestating but why have attitude and be upset wit the person that loves you and is sticking by you every moment should be full of love 
Green and yellow bask in this short glory cause we are lettin you feel some glory right now dat wat we do 
Blk n yellow represent da true colors 
He breathes i breath , he moves i move , he hurts im devastated i love him so much and pray everyday da system does its correct justice !!! 
Thinkin bout deletin my face book it honestly rarely gets used 
why does my mind work da way it does is it a malfunction or pure truth 
Everyone in this life have their own demons to worry bout i feel people should pass judgement on wats going on in their lives and their wrong doings before they pass judgement on others only god can make that final judgement 
Miss my baby boy . love u dillon . 
I am a very happy person in this very moment lol :) 
going to try and sleep ill be up between two and six and most likely stay up i love how my body rejects one of the favorite things i love to do ... dream lucid dreaming must be a gift i love it 
Sittin home wit da boys bored you think a constant handful would make the day faster lol they my lil homie tho ... counting down da days for baby boy to come home love ya baby 
Wish i had more things for the boys to do o occupy their time too much snow to go to da park in this wonderful weather 
valentines day is tomorrow and i dont believe in too many holidays but i believe and know i love my baby boy and he loves me i guess dat wat its bout lol 
Why do things have to be so complicated i cant stand it when i feel not in control 
Nap time and shower time two of my fau things lol 
Out of smokes going to be a long night 
Cant sleep again when will these thoughts stop interrupting the thing i love to do most .. dream my own lil fantasy world 
Early morning start as the usual new addition as well my cat wit half an arm was finally found the kids already in love ... wishing i could have went to ky to see my baby 
da kids watching arthur and now im bored 
Lookin forward to da grammies . bruno mars usher and dirty bit lol all my babies music we both love 
Talked wit an old friend who i dearly miss so happy to be able to reunite hope things go as planned :) 
Crystal i know your watchin da grammies you better call me so we can rag on all da stupid people i hope someone falls down lol 
Bedtime for da kids and some down time for me kind of exhausted to really do anythin maybe just bedtime for me ... 
he is hurting and there is nothin i can do why does dc system hurt us like this the justice system has no justicce just a popularity contest they wont be so popular when god has his judgement day 
Its in da sixties today in mo you have no idea how good it feels 
Got a letter and got more bad news today =( 
Taxes will be here in a week and a half and im happy that i can get everything done a lil stressed relieved ... except the letter but im going to keep praying 
Im exhausted again this has been going on for months maybe its time for a physical 
Dude im dyin wit out essentials how hard is it for people to trust now a days . i get my taxes in a week and a half and no one i know here would loan me ten bucks for house needed things let alone a dollar i guess the economy is worse than i thought 
Good morning i am cranky wit out my morning nicotine maybe i should just quit 
Most likely walkin to da store 
I am so mad the kids dad took off wit their card that had money on it to get their food for the month and he gave me the pin number well i check the balance and it went from over a hundred to twenty dollars thanks man now your kids are going wit out so you can stock other peoples houses your hoppin from wit food you will never change 
Its a lil windy but its nice and warm 
Found out some news dont know if its a hundred percent accurate but cant help but feel mad feel like im not bein told da whole truth and im the one that was being drilled bout being truthfull and have been one hundred percent just feel a lil degraded i really hope its not wat i think 
Full and hurtin and very sleepy not a good trio 
I cant express the way i feel right now maybe i can define it as uncomfortably numb 
Good morning people still a lil tired but coffee wit new belgian creamer awesome 
Saturday morning all i want to do is nothing lol but of course when you have kids your always busy i say friends when all of our kids turn eighteen we take off to mexico or a cruise for an extended vacation 
Ok question for all guys define the sexual in notation of a twist and shout 
Got a check from my old job today then tax money its been a good week so far i think its time for a drink have not drank a month and a half :) 
Havin a very good time today so happy first time in a month and a half 
Gonna go back home for a weekend wit da tax get back to my roots me and my sister gonna get into some shit i see it now lol hatas watch out joanie gonna be back aint no one can fuck wit da healeys 
Looks like gay bay is under some pressure 
Wow is all i can say and i feel horrible no more drinkin for me 
I feel horrible 
Subway does have carrots 
Extremely exhausted and sick this better clear up by tomorrow so i can take my babies out for a fun day 
Another night unable to sleep well i think its time to see a doc bout some sleepy time medicine or anxiety 
Had the worst dream ever 
Why does your sub concious have to interrupt your dreams 
Finally caught up on bills and get my boys wat they want feels good to earn money you worked for :) 
Oh my god im full feel gross 
Just got my tat finished well will need touchin up after it heals but it looks awesome :) 
Rich i am so retarded strong 
Fuk all u triffling azz bizitches 
Good morning all . hope everyones day goes better than mine ... have been sick as hell and i guess the upper chest infection is back along wit worse dizziness i see a doc visit in my near future 
So exhausted jon abrams was on the morning show and stated statistically women are better at just bout anything than men tho men are still physically stronger ill take that ... 
Exhausted cant wait for boys to fall out so i can too 
Still wide awake 
I cant feel the poke but for some reason its still very annoyin 
Kinky kelly and da sexy stud maybe a birthday present this year :) 
My tat itchs so bad i want to go nuts 
Night people six comes early 
How the hell do you get your two honory boys to listen and clean up wit out yellin or beatin lol 
Nap time :) 
Wish bed time would hurry up so i can chill out 
Why do people act so stupid does everyone not realize you may only have one hundred years to live 
Up early or should i say been up for quite a bit when will i ever sleep normal again or at least back up to six hours 
They just showed this cute baby boy on da today show his dad taped him laughin his ass off over ripping paper look up laughin baby on you tube he is sitting on a couch in a red onesie so cute all moms and dads would appreciate it :) 
Exhausted again hoping for a wake up call i hate not being able to sleep 
Another early morning ugh i can only hope for a nap today 
Very irritated do you ever do something when you know in the back of ya head it may cause an issue well i did that no more after now 
Kids are occupied for a moment and my baby called to say he loves me wit the nick name lol 
I am so tired of people treatin me like dirt 
Going to get my taxes done wish me luck wit da big bucks lol 
Early start again today maybe a nap by lunch 
Dont talk bout it ... ae bout it 
Wish i could hear your voice and feel your arms around me again soon we will be together again ... i love you 
I miss him so much i wish he was here ... i wonder how long his hair is if his eyes are still blue .. are his features like mine does he still remember ... i miss you baby boy always n forever 
Startin to feel a lil better but today i just cant stop thinkin bout him every second 
Im so exhausted today feel more than usual 
Weird dreams dont know how to analyze it 
If anyone knows any groups to join physically for volunteer work for this global trauma let me know 
Havin some drink wit some movies :) 
Its such a nice day out and all i want to do is sleep 
Sleepy and really could use a cig my cravin are going hay wire someone save me lol 
Im not your daddy im your grandpa ... 
tryin to get the kids calmed down after playin outside of eatin maybe a movie and some cards 
I hate face book 
Waitin for the night to calm down :) 
Missing you everyday ... loving you even more ... cannot wait to reunite ... cant wait for you to walk through that door . 
Woke up from bad dream cant go back to sleep if anyone is up this early message me or somethin going crazy 
Ok people there is this changing faces song from ninety four i cant remember the name of the song but part of the song is this ... baby im on my knees prayin to god help me please bring my baby back ... right back to me ... the other is lately i have been thinkin bout you baby just sittin away watchim the days go by ... if you know the name help a sista out or where to find the lyrics thanks :) 
Dont you love how you help people wit alot even put them before you and they walk all over you and also when you bring it up in well needed conversation and that person acts like its completely ok and also at the same time blame you im frustrated 
Miss him more everyday 
Happy valentines day jenny poo lol and you still sound da same too lol 
Havin i good morning and sure the rest of da day will be better when i hear my angels voice 
Get to hear my babies voice on a collect message this day really sucks i guess its better than nothing at all 
Eminen and cleaning go so well together 
Yet again taken advantage of time for sweet peace and meditation 
Ill to do wat ever it takes when im wit you i get da shakes my body aches when i aint wit you i have zero strength there is no limit on how far i would go no boundries no lengths ... 
Does anyone know how much a person would get for workin seven months and bein single wit two children cause swear jackson hewitt is tryin to screw me over 
Had good weekend so far . havin a friend come over wit some drinks and going to watch da grammies my life is so exciting lol but when you got kids its the small things you do that can define it fun :) 
My baby got his phone card very happy right now ... i hope god answers my prayers and gets him back home to me soon 
startin my work out again today after two days of bein extremely sore lol wish me luck 
Watchin war of the worlds wit da kids still very hot but good day after i met one of gods angels :) 
Do you ever wonder one day everything in your head was just a fabrication and then reality hits 
Last status on face book people close to me know my number im deleting face book call me if ya need me :) 
Nike Air Max 2011 Women's Black-Pink gotta check these out on website very cute iu see what my next present to myself will be lol 
GOT THE NURSING JOB IM SO EXCITED STARTING MONDAY AND CERTIFICATION CLASSES WENSDAY !!!! 
I GOT THE JOB EVERYTHING IS CLEAR I CANNOT WAIT TO START HELPIN PEOPLE ! 
THIS MONTH HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT GOOD SURPRISES I'M SCARED TO SEE WHAT'S AROUND THE CORNER LOL 
Bout to put up new pics check em out 
does anyone know how to add all your pics in one album when their already saved to your facebook but not on your computer 
My promise to my kids ~ I am not your friend .. I am your Parent . I will stalk you , flip out on you , lecture you , drive you insane , be your worst nightmare and hunt you down like a bloodhound when needed because I LOVE YOU ! When you understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You will NEVER find someone who loves , prays , cares and worries about you more than I do ! Re-post if you are a parent and agree 
Does anyone want to buy me phone time , I am losing my mind wit out my phone =*( 
I ask my FaceBook contacts to kindly share this status for 1 hour . To support all those who have health problems , who are struggling . For just one hour . Do it for all of us , unfortunately no one is immune . I hope to see this on the wall of all my friends !!!!!!!!! JUST FOR MORAL SUPPORT !! 
This is Son's Week !! If You Have a Handsome Son That You Love More Than You Can Describe , Copy and Paste This To Your Wall . Your Son Will Hold Your Hand For A Little While , But Will Hold Your Heart For A Lifetime ! 
