im bringing back a big box of stuff from china to give out . tell me if you want anything " special " 
got called a pothead and a stoner . The world's comin to an end ! 
im bring back a box of stuff from china to give out . tell me if you want something " special " ( be realistic please ) 
i climbed the great wall of china ! 
I'm back . 
ODST party was sweeeeeeet 
is excited about ODST party 
thinks Jeff is a dumbass 
wants max to stop 
wants to know if anyone else owns a ps3 
doesnt eat dog 
i wonder how much itd suck to rot in jail 
i love this dog ... 
new church will be ready in a week ! =D 
stuck at school till 5 cuz some dumbass said hed burn the school down and kill some kids . by the way , how the hell do you burn down a giant slab of concrete ? 
am I evil ? 
found a huge stash of photos from when i was in japan . kinda wierd feeling looking through em 
i feel like pissing fraser off , so here goes . Michael Jackson DIED ?! WHAT ??? 
cheeseburgers ! 
didn't go trick or treating 
revelation of the year : Liebe ist Krieg ! Live with it . 
is sorry for calling Jeff a dumbass 
i finally finished my fitness project ! Yay ! 
I have to finish my entire graphic essay by tomorrow . GAH 
Redhawks Won ! =) 
isnt gonna get COD MW 2 
i failed the chem test 
got 68% on the chem test . my parents didn't care ... 
tomorrow would be great if my teachers didn't all decide to ruin the day and have all their tests tomorrow 
herro evryone . lolz 
is envious of anyone who has MW2 
bus driver backed up into another bus today . lol 
hates it when stupid gingers steal his gum 
is one of three asians who aren't on math team 
schools tomorrow and i still havnt done any of my homework 
turns out the lady wasn't killed ... 
schedule : 1 med hist galanis 2 hnr geo porter 3 german betterman 4 lunch 5 pe 6 enr patt starke 7 enr chem brown 8 band 
bored ... 
has a ton of homework 
i think i should actually start studyin for my finals ... still havnt started at all 
comment if you want an advents calender . $3 each ... 
I ? my schedule ... 
tomorrows gonna suck ass 
wearing black red and white tomorrow 
anyone want an advents calender ? .......... 
crap . vacations almost over 
new 1 arm push up record : 8 
still has to buy a bow tie 
whats with this new " change ur profile picture to a pokemon " thing ? 
line feeding half the power to my house snapped . electric company said theyll fix it tomorrow ... 
God is awesome ! 
almost missed the bus today 
gonna be staying up late studying 
its thanksgiving ! time to put on a couple pounds ... 
still have that huge nike logo scar from hurdling 
my dad bought a treadmill and one of those bike things 
just watched avatar ... three words : BEST MOVIE EVER 
Brown's chem homework is so hard ! 
illinois ( especially palatine and cook county ) has some really stupid people on their juries 
watching vids on ard.de for german . check it out ! 
just realized that half the walls in his house are pink 
stuck at school til 6:30 today cuz of the band rehersal ... me and kyle just sat there listenin to eminem 
hell yeah , 94 on my german final 
stayed up last night to watch a bunch of drunk people jumping around 
wish vacation was longer 
i know im wierd for saying this , but im going to miss square dancing 
german final tomorow , and everyone in my class is white except for me ! 
likes being able to wake up at noon 
i think i hav swine ... 
went skiing yesterday in wisconsin ... there were so many asians there 
got relapse : refill 
i seriously have no idea why anyone would want me to change my name to cassie 
my mom rear ended a jeep with our toyota ... the jeep now has scratched paint and the entire front of our car caved in . wtf 
me and abiq lost a badminton match 25-2 in gym 
our car got fixed ... took an entire week ... 
anyone who thinks eminems dead is an idiot 
eating barbecue 
we got this call just now . the caller id said 00 0-0 12-3456 . is this supposed to happen ? 
my dad told me i shouldn't listen to rap 
is sad about not having an xbox 
going to junsung's 
first google result for my name is the 2 billion group . lol 
dads making me do summer school 
China owns at aerial skiing . jus ' saying 
just finished an hour long workout 
maybe i should scan some and upload 
just finished eating two big macs . still hungry 
new facebook sucks 
still doing my chem project ... lol 
is eating lobster for dinner 
chem project = fail 
Doppel U is a beast 
yay I can sleep now ... 
still think America should have won . the canadian reaction would have been hilarious ... 
i tried pokemon . it sucks . 
didn't get to finish watching the oscars last night cuz of that one gay skit . when my dad saw the two guys get in the same bed he turned off the tv and walked away . lol 
can someone please sell me a pokemon game for gameboy ? ive never played it before and want to try ... 
just realized i have some stupid band thing tomorrow . totally ruined my day 
the hurt locker is totally overrated . watched it and was really , really disappointed 
i'm starting swimming tomorrow ... nooooooooooooooooooooooooo ... 
got a haircut 
i hate swimming ... actually , i hate trying to swim , failing , and getting laughed at 
doing absolutely nothing this weekend 
thank god my pe class is doing racket sports first ... gives me time to learn how to swim 
working on the chem video due tomorrow 
they were playing a christian song for the music minute in the afternoon . totally made my day 
failed my chem test today . and im not being asian and going " omg , 92% , fail . " I'm talking less than 60% ... 
the only good thing that comes from being asian is the food 
passed my level 12 piano exam . i'm now considered teacher level , so i never have to take lessons ever again 
spring break is ... boring ... 
wtf . It's SNOWING 
pokemon cards ftw ! :D 
havent touched my backpack since thursday . going to be VERY busy tomorrow ... 
can now doggy paddle . be jealous . 
the Russians did it . there was no way that plane crashed by itself 
is it just me or did google change its name to topeka ? wtf ??? 
who knew ? too much pokemon CAN actually give you a headache . 
getting up at 5:30 tomorrow 
i think i should actually start studying for finals . i'm soooo screwed 
i can float now . BWAHAHA , SO HAPPY !!! 
a week or two ago , i was all OMG ITS ALMOST SUMMER !!!!! now that its actually here , its more like , damn ... its summer ... 
my piano teacher told me that i have to practice 3 hours a day to prepare for an exam . ( . _ . ) so depressing 
tomorrows supposed to be late arrival , but i have to go to that stupid breakfeast thing ... augh 
I passed my swiming test ! :D 
i'm very , very pissed right now . 
i think someone's hacked my facebook ... oh well 
got a 79 on my ep test . considering how i TOTALLY read the book , that's actually pretty good ... 
NEW EMINEM SONG !!!!!!!! :DDDD 
bought the Avatar blu-ray :D 
why is it called Karate Kid if he learns Kung Fu ? wtf ? 
i need to hit something 
Going on a field trip to Germantown tomorrow :D 
went to H-mart 
SAGWA !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i'm so asian i eat rice with barbeque 
some detective dude just came to my house ... 
the mile was so much fun . like , seriously 
was really excited about going to Canada over the summer ... and now i find out i can't go cuz the cousin i was supposed to be visiting is going to Germany . wtf . 
so apparently i DIDN'T fail my chem test . 71% ... Sweeeeeeet 
is bipolar 
sometimes life is good and sometimes its bad . right now it sucks 
can someone please tell me what the Romance and Tragedy summer reading assignment is ? 
DMX is the shit . 
Spain's going to win because Paul the Psychic Octopus said so . 
omg , they found Noah's Ark !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Who will survive in America ? 
Talkin to Pikachu . :D 
i really feel like blowing off my german final tomorrow . i have a 99.4 in the class so i need to get 1 question right on the entire thing to keep my A 
i think it might be time to start my AIC summer reading project ... 
got Recovery . Eminem is a BEAST . 
going to stay up all night reading every single page in my chem book word for word 
I am SO tired of people telling me to grow some balls ... D: 
Since the Vancouver Olympics , i've caught myself humming the Canadian national anthem many , many times . like just now . 
oh cool , you can like comments now 
just got my wisdom teeth removed 
going to watch Karate Kid 
SHIT . 
If you believe in Jesus Christ , put this on your wall . Do not just ignore this . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at the gates of heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and are not afraid to show it put this on ...... your wall . I ? GOD ! 
:( 
sucks at giving impromptu speeches . especially when the topic is " having loved and lost is better than never loving at all " 
summer school is stupid 
almost got killed by a firework last night . maybe that's why setting off your own in the middle of the street is illegal ... 
for some reason , my mom doesn't want me to go to college ... she wants me to enlist as soon as i'm done with high school . wtf 
ribfest sucks . 
so hungry ... haven't eaten anything in the last 38 hours and can't until friday D: 
hanging with Kerry Vince Hillyard , then RIBFEST 
NOOOO Bears lost . D: 
according to a political survey i just took , my views and standings are most like those of Josef Stalin 
eating apple pie while listening to D12 . life is good . :) 
My favorite cousin lisha and family r hheerre for thanksgiving . I'm hanyizzle 
Naperville is a liberal hellhole . 
paintballing tomorrow with Jeff Fraser , Arjun Singh , Jashn Joshjasonjaysean Chhaya , and some other people 
forgot my keys and my moms not home . fuck finals . 
I should start studying ... 
Wtf . Nate Dogg died . 
" You miss 100% of the shots you don't take . Unless you're me . I make those shots too . " 
Joined my church's choir :D 
Leo is here !!!! :D 
I hate life . Don't you ? 
Got a letter inviting me to the national youth leadership forum on national security . Awesome . 
If any of you would like to see me sing , come to the compass church this weekend for Easter service ! More information on the church website : www.efcn.org 
Easter ! :D 
yay , ' osama shoot down video ' spam ! :D 
Got U.S. Citizenship !!! :D 
had a one day week hehe 
PSN IS BACK UP !!! 
its may 22 now . still here ... 
locked out of my house D: 
it sucks to be right 
Hello finals , goodbye grade . 
TWO MORE DAYS TIL GERMANY . RAHHHHH . :D 
Damn , that went by fast ... Leaving for the airport in half an hour ! :DD 
Arrived at Leo's!! 
