is very thinking about a admirer ~ 
~ is the dreamy gal 
dreaming 
the lame ndp is starting ... 
about what tomorow would be like ... ~ boring ! ~ interesting ? 
sky diving ~ ( break break ) ( surcustic ) 
whateva 
why the earth revolves around the sun 
Because its a fact 
what problem i got myself into 
doing some lame quizes to ~ do something i am bored !!! 
todae was L.A.M.E. 
its about halloween ( althought it over ) see the behing part ! XD :D haha 
Pleasure of love lasts but a moment , Pain of love lasts a lifetime . 
We were given : Two hands to hold . To legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . 
I am freaking BoReD !!! nothing interesting to let me do !!! + . = 
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities . 
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love , love someone else 
" The first time my heart was broken I thought I was through ; I swore I'd never love again and believe me this was true , but when you walked into my life the second your eyes met mine , I knew you were worth loving , just like before , just like the first time . " 
Pictures are like magic that make a moment last forever 
" I'm talking about fate here - when feelings are so powerful it's as if some force beyond your control is guiding you to someone who can make you happy beyond your wildest dreams . " Alex & Emma 
" You know when you're truly in love , when all you can do is just be speechless and stare at nothing ' cause you're just amazed that you just found this incredible person . " 
I love you not only for what you are , but for what I am when I am with you . I love you not only for what you have made of yourself , but for what you are making of me . I love you for the part of me that you bring out . 
You went away . You said it was for the better because you couldn't be there for me , not like I needed . You said you'd only hurt me more ... I know you're right but ... I'd never ever , in a million years , regret a life with you ... 
Good-bye is only truly painful if you know you'll never say hello again . 
If you're not failing every now and again , it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative . -Woody Allen 
they say keep your Enimies closer though you should keep your friends because their cross is much worse 
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . ~ William Shakespeare 
The stars lean down to kiss you And I lie awake and miss you Pour me a heavy dose of atmosphere ' Cause I'll doze off safe and soundly But I'll miss your arms around me I'd send a postcard to you , dear ' Cause I wish you were here I'll watch the night turn light-blue But it's not the same without you Because it takes two to whisper quietly 
there's tons of fishes in the water but I only wants Ur company 
Sometimes , when one person is missing , the whole world seems depopulated 
Do I mean anything to you ? 
Everybody thinks you are cute but I don't think so :)) 
“Have you ever been in love ? Horrible isn’t it ? It 
makes you so vulnerable . It opens your chest and it opens up your heart 
and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up . ” 
Crying over “the one” means that they weren’t the one . Cause the one won’t make you cry . They will fill your life with joy . ? 
Anyone can love a rose but it take a great deal to love a leaf . It is odinary to love the beautiful , but it is beautiful to love the ordinary . 
-leilockhea t.t umblr 
I removed you out of my life not because I don’t care , but because you removed me from yours . 
Quiero hablar espanol <3 
Have you 
ever been angry or sad , to the point where you just break down at home , 
in your room ? Your parents don’t know because you keep the tears to 
yourself . Your friends don’t know because you 
talk as if you’re fine behind the computer screen . Well 
you’re not fine , and you know it . No one really knows how you 
feel , and they have their own lives to deal with , so you don’t bother 
telling them , you bottle it up . 
I don't want to hate you 
But you are making me do so . 
If you see me walking the road with someone else , 
it is not because I like the person's company , 
but you were not brave enough to walk beside me 

If you hear me talking about that person all the time , 
it is not because the person please me , 
but you were too deaf to hear my heartbeats 
If you feel me falling for someone new , 
It is not because I love that person , 
but you were not there to catch me as I fall . 
Good-looking girls break hearts , and goodhearted girls mend them . 
-Mignon McLaughlin 
You never say hey or remember my name probaly you think you are cooler than me . 
" I'm selfish , impatient and a little insecure . I make 
mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you 
can't handle me at my worst , then you sure don't deserve me at 
my best . " 
— Marilyn Monroe ? ? ? 
What is Heart Break ? 
It is laying on the Bathroom floor Trying Your Best to 
Breath While simultaneously wondering why it went wrong how 
You are going to get up and pretend like everything is alright and 
What you are going to do with that hole in your heart 
Yeah I think that's all ! 
Don’t put your life on hold for someone who has never really cared about you . It’s not worth it . 
Must study for your Chinese test cannot lose to a person !!! Jia you Zin !!! 
i wonder if you ever think about me when im thinking about you 
Her whole life had been lived to a background of music , like a great river flowing through her spir , highs & low blending into magical rhythms she could never quite express aloud . Often she would let them run free in her mind when she played or dreamed or composed . Now for the first time she let the torrent she felt in her soul run free in her body 
Even if it doesn't seems like the best idea , 
grinning & bearing can do a lot more than 
crying & pitying . 
Someday , we'll forget the hurt , the reason we cried and who caused us pain . We will finally realize that the secret of being free is not revenge , but letting things unfold in their own way & own time . 
After all , what matters is not the first , but the last chapter of our life which shows how well we ran the race . 
So smile , laugh , forgive , believe & love all over again <3 
I can't wait for 23RD OCTOBER <3 ? 
You make me fell like I'm living a teenage dream . The way you turn me on , I can't sleep . Let's run away & don't ever look back . My heart stop when you look at me , just one touch and I baby I believe this is real & take a chance . 
-Katy Perry 
Say it too the lol . Lollipop oh Love's gonna let you down . Say no say no . Oh love's gonna get you down . 
-Mika 
Love is a cycle , only time will tell if you win or lose 
Yet regardless if you love them , hate them , you wish they would die to know that you would die without them ... it matters not . Because once in your life , whatever they were to the world they become everything to you . 
Millions saw the apple fall , 
But Newton was the one 
who asked why . 
-Bernard M . Baruch . 
It’s better to take the chance and screw up than to not take the chance and regret . 
-Jacob Smith 
When you look them in the eyes , traveling to the depths of their soulsand you say a million things without trace of a sound , you know that your own life is inevitable consumed within the rhythmic beatings of her very heart . 
-Part 2- 
It is the person who has been there 
for you through everything , not just through the fun things , or the 
little things . It 
is the person that you call when you are at your absolute worst , it is 
the person who saves you when you didn’t even notice that you needed 
saving , mostly it is the person who accepts you for who you are , and 
the person that you are becoming . 
Why everyone like others but yet they hate themself ? 
Faire de l'histoire du projet ( Bandes dessinées sur la Première Guerre mondiale trois ) 
Another aeroplane , 
Another sunny place . 
Im lucky , I know 
But I wanna go home 
Mmmm , Ive got to go home 
-Michael Buble 
I LOVE the peaceful waves that flows towards the seashore and back again . 
I LOVE the light sea breeze that blew across my face . 
I LOVE the sight of seashells scatted evenly throughout the seashore . 
I LOVE the laughter of the little children who are building their sandcastles . 
I LOVE the ocean . 
I spent my Last 3 hours on Healthy food , teenagers , diet-related diseas & unbalanced Diet and they were the worst 3 hours of my life It bores me up . 
The fact is , there is no foundation , no secure ground , upon which people may stand today if isn't the family . It's become quite clear to me as I've been sick . If you don't have the support and love and caring and concern that you get from a family , you don't have much at all . Love Is so supremely important . 
- Tuesdays with moris 
??????? ,?????? ? ? 
If you can hear me , I would say that our finger prints don't fade from the lives we've touched . 
This isn't the same , I know you are feeling too . We kept playing this game . We always try to shift the blame . Stop to think about it , all the things we claim . I know it's wrong to lie . Hoping that you would come back . 
-Eminem 
The faintest trance of something . . . not strong enough to be am accent , but something at once wonderfully familiar and yet mysterious . 
Some won't appreciate what you do or say , 
But as long as you speak honestly from your heart 
and let them see who you really are , 
You will be fine . This isn't a perfect world , 
This isn't a perfect life . So live life the way you want 
Cause no matter what you do , people would never 
Run out of something to say against you . 
- Leilocks 
- on www.ebuddy.com Web Messenger 
I am HYPER around my friends , 
Quite around the guys , 
Crazy around my family & 
at a Loss of words 
when I see you 
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart , and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words . ??? 
I know people are commenting on my changed Relationship staus But I can't go in and see what they comemt about ... 
But I never told you . What I should have said . No I never told you . I just held it in 
Heart break and don't fix easy . Love is not cheap . It's the greatest thing that happens on this planet , & so it comes priced as gold . I remembered someone singing the words " Love is war " . There is the fight for holding on & letting go . The hardest thing to learn is to which & when . But I still say , it's worth it . That love is real & possible . There are thing worth fighting for & love is at the top of the list . 
Misery by Marron 5 <3 
Girls are like apples on the tree . The best ones are on the top . The boys don't want to reach for the good ones because they are afraid . Instead , they just get rotten apples from the ground that aren't good , but easy . So the apples at the top think something's wrong with them but they're amazing . They just have to wait for the right boy to come , the one who is brave enough to climb all the way . 
-Pete Wentz 
When a girl said , “You are my friend” , that’s like saying “We never gonna date” . 
Why Is there people out there , having uterior motive to get close to you and be your friend . After they susceed in accomplishing that motive they would never look back . Or you might say they would never consider you as a friend . 
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't . What you've got to do is turn around and say , " Watch Me . " 
Doing what you like 
is freedom . 
Liking what you do 
is happiness . 
Original Fruit , 
Skittles , 
Taste like rainbow ? 
Sometimes some rules in life are meant to be broken 
-Charlize Theron 
He gave her 12 roses . 11 real and 1 fake . Then he said , “I’ll love you until the last one dies” . 
It doesn't matter what the world thinks nor what your parent think If you don't like yourself even if the world loves you then you need a person whom you like 
Somewhere there is another girl who is prettier than you , smarter , taller , skinnier . Another girl which is more outgoing , laid back , interesting , athletic . Another girl who is not you . You may not be perfect , but someday he will think you are . He will love you for each and every imperfection and flaw . He will wait all day just to see you and stay all night just to hold you . To him , you will be more than perfect . 
You start to get hurt the moment you start to care . 
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself . 
What results I have . 
Have I given you too much of my devotion my time and love to you that I forget all those people around me ? 
A strong person is not one who doesn't cry . 
A strong person is the one who knows 
How to be quiet , shed a tear for a moment , 
And then pick up his/her sword and fight again . 
Oh Mr. Sun Sun Mr. Golden Sun ??? 
??? 
Day Past , and nothing is done 
If only everything could be replayed , 
I would do a better job and would not regret my decision . 
I do , still have a little time to make a come back , 
And I will , to cherish every , single moment I have for 
myself now . Will not waste my time , that's what 
I have decided to do . Don't stop me 
Gently wake up my sunshine 
Like a fairy prince 
You'll smile when u see me 
Without my notice , my eyes only seek you 
And my secretly thumping heart screams out loud 
I wanna love you ... 
? ? ? 
12.10.2010 . 6:46 pm - on www.ebuddy.com Web Messenger 
Love me love me pretend that you love me . Fool me fool me and go on and fool me . 
I don't care about anything about you . 
-Love fool . 
Top ten foolish things 
No . 10 ) Slide down the railings 
No . 9 ) Paste something sticky on ppl's back 
No . 8 ) Sing to the mirror 
No . 7 ) Pop the bubble wraps 
No . 6 ) Shade Coin on a paper 
No . 5 ) Take the escalator and walk in the opp . direction 
No . 4 ) Tap ppl's left shoulder and tap their right 
No . 3 ) Find a way to step on ur own shadow 
No . 2 ) Face the fan and talk/sing 
No . 1 ) Step only on the white boxes on the floor 
Today's trip was memoroble for me 
" People say that time changes people . That each 
day we grow different and that’s the reason friendships change , not 
every relationship sustains , and bitterness occurs . But I don’t believe 
that . We change through how we look , or our interests , or our age . We 
change situations from elementary , to high school , to work . But we 
never change the person we truly are inside . " 
Should I end all this trouble with a " game over " or should I " restart " and try again ? 
If friends disappoint you over and over , that’s in large part your own fault . Once someone has shown a tendency to be self-centered , you need to recognize that and take care of yourself . People aren’t going to change simply because you want them to . 
-Oprah Winfrey 
After a while , 
you'll learn that holding hands is different from falling in love , 
that kisses don't always mean something , 
that promises can be broken just as quick as they are made , 
and that sometimes , goodbyes really are forever . 
I am going to watch Summer desire AGAIN !!! ? 
Hungry grab a snickers ? 
Sometimes I wonder ... What you really mean to me . Am I doing the right thing ? I don't want to wake up the next day and face regrets . That cannot be reversed . I have enough regrets in my life and I don't want to add somemore . 
I just want to be Happy is that wrong ? 
Even though we’ve changed and we’re all finding our own place in the 
world , we all know that when the tears fall or the smile spreads across 
our face , we’ll come to each other because no matter where this crazy 
world takes us , nothing will ever change so much to the point where 
we’re not all still friends . 
Before I lose control , there’s just one thing you should know . This is for real . This time I mean it . I’m coming clean , please don’t let go . I said from the start that you could take it or leave it . I’d prefer that you keep it . Don’t let go . 
You may not be perfect in many things . 
But many things can’t be perfect without you . 
Sesange manheun byeoljung naega sumshilsu ieungo 
A friend is someone who Understands your past , Believe in your future , And accept you just the way you are . 
Is my love your drug ? 
I am in misery 
there ain't nobody who can 
comfort me 
So please Answer me 
Misery- Maroon 5 
Dad : I want 8 million . 
Me : ... 
Dad : you want to go to the it expo 
Me : I want ! 
Dad : you got money mah ? 
Me : you have can already 
Dad : I need 8 million . 
Me : you wait until I am older then I see next time how is my mood then I give you 
Dad : you nasty person . 
Me : :) 
Do you know that I have been waiting ... 
Waiting for you ... 
I had already waited for quite a long time , 
but you didn't make a move . 
I have caught you with other girls 
and this hurt me each time I think of it 
I can't afford to wait , 
as you know I am a very impatient girl 
So I guess its time for me to move on 
I have a pen which is blue , I have a friend which is 
you . Flowers will die , waters will dry , but our friendship will never 
say goodbye . ? 
If you Love something let it go , 
If It comes back to you it's yours , 
It is doesn't , it never was . 
Well I don't think we have enought fate to continue . We have a little fate but it's just not enought . 
I am not ready for this , it is just too fast . 
Our story is so hard to forget 
Too many memories and hopes 
No matter how crazy 
I am willing to keep it/treasure it for all my life 
Our story can’t be forgotten 
Too many feelings developing 
Don’t give up , because one day , fate will continue 
-Our Story by Tension 
You did that to me , 
This is what you GET 
I call it Karma . :) 
????????????????? 
Every friendship is like a flower , it takes water , nutrient & right 
environment for it to grow . In result this " flower " would Bloom help 
you in the future . 
I don’t know what it is with you . I don’t know why I always go back . 

-Audrina , The Hills 
I Hate being the one who wait . 
I Hate being the one who's always 
expecting something great to happen . 
I Hate that I always assume . 
I Hate how good I am when it comes to 
finding out things . . . only to find out 
that those things would depress me . 
I don't want to do script checking :( I don't wanna see my results . 
For people who are too simillar , 
It is easy for mutual attraction , 
and for mutual hared 
-Summer's Desire Ep 2 pt 1 
Much unhappiness results from our inability to remember the nice things that happens to us . 
When you want a gift say this ________________ . 
* fill in the blanks * 
:D 
If you got it right , Then I give you gift tmr :) 
????????????????????????? 
There is this one friend in your life that you were good with and because of sometime your friendship turns sour . Pls like it if you had experience it before . Comment if you want to share with me . 
Somethings are meant to be given up , 
Somethings are meant to be fought for & 
Somethings are meant to be forgotten . 
So which catogary do you belong to ? 
Feelings are never permanent , maybe today you 
love that person , maybe tomorrow its hate . You can never know how much a 
person means to you . Unless that person is gone . Remember : The end 
justifies the means . 
If only there could be an invention that bottled 
up a memory , like scent . And it never faded , and it never got stale . 
And then , when one wanted it , the bottle could be uncorked , and it 
would be like having the moment all over again . 
I am so freaking happy now ? 
“I turned out liking you a lot more than I originally planned” 
The strongest and weakest thing in the world are one and the same . Feelings . They give you and others incredible power . Power that can build , destroy , inspire , change and rearrange the world as seen by a person . Shame , rejection , fear , sadness , anger always lead to more pain . But hope , bravery , love , joy , faith these are the things to create a bright and beautiful life . 
I've learnt that , life is like painting . 
Each brush stroke is a memory . 
Everytime you pick up the brush , you make a decision . You make the choice 
whether to use red or blue or green or yellow . 
You decide where to put that stroke , you decide whether to paint it finely or roughly . 
I've also learnt that , if you make a mistake . You cannot cover it with white paint , it will still be visible . 
-Catherine 
So what about infatuation ? That's when you think of someone all the time , you go out of your way to be around him/her , and you begin to center your priorities around him/her as well . There is history with this person : Maybe a short history , but maybe quite a while . You both enjoy being together . You both daydream about each other 
For every person who doesn’t like you , there are 
twice as many who does . So why should you care about those who don’t ? 
You can never please everybody . If you’re being true to yourself and 
that isn’t still enough for them whats left for you to do ? Nothing . Let 
them die talking about you . 
The optimist see the roses & not its torns ; The pessimist stares at the torns but not at the rose 
I guess Today's not my day . I fell down while chasing the bus hurt my arm and leg but it is better now :) 
When we are young , love can be so magical or hurt to the very core of a person’s being and they feel like their life is over . It is because of inexperience and , in youth one is learning . Every 
heartbreak or every slight from another person you love helps you to 
become stronger and is a learning path as to what you really do want in 
a lifelong partner . 
Don't fly my kite/aeroplane - Rare expression . A Singlish expression 
which means ' Please do not go back on your word ' or ' Please do not 
stand me up ' 
-Wikipedia ( Singlish ) 
" I never forget a pretty face ; you're in my vault " 
-True Blood 
Laughter is not always " the best medicine " sometime it just " the best disguise " 
Sometimes you cannot believe what you see , you have to believe what you feel . And if you are even going to have other people's trust you must feel that you can trust them , too-even when you're in the dark . Even when you're falling ... 
-Adapted from " Tuesday With Morris " 
I regreted liking your statue . Because your comment is flooding my noficiations . 
I believe if we were apart , fate would tie us together . If it doesn't then I guess we are not meant for it . 
Promise Me , 
That's all I want . Just Promise me you will not forget me . Tell me I changed you somehow . Let me know that I had made an impact on your life . Promise me that you'll always remember me . Losing you was hard enough , but I don't want on knowing I mean absolutely nothing to you . 
-lovejamiex . tumblr 
" Somebody must be wishing on my star .. because they’re getting everything I have been wishing for . " 
Every night I stay up past 12 , past 1 . Not 
because I’m not tired . Not because I want to tweak on these social 
networking sites . Because I am tired , I want to sleep . But I can’t 
because my mind runs like crazy . It over thinks , over analyzes things 
that I don’t want to think about . So I purposely keep myself awake 
& tire myself out so that when I do finally lie in bed , I fall 
asleep and my thoughts don’t keep me up . 
I hate being Extra - on www.ebuddy.com Web Messenger 
Reasons will not lead to solution 
I will end up lost in confusion 
-Love fool By Cardigans 
He found out that he was whistling " Greensleeves . " Alas , my love You do me no wrong , to cast me off so discourteously ... Not entirely appropriate , perhaps ; but the melancholy sweetness of the ancient tune hunted him the way her graceful movement did . 
Valemont 
Your the guy , your suppose to chase after us . We 
pretend not to notice you because we want to see how hard you’re 
willing to try . 
Is you start missing me , 
Remember . 
I didn't walk away , 
you let me go . 
These few days quite a number of people got sun burnt . I also Kanna :( but I guess it is okay . :p 
Love have a lot of meaning . Love mean sacrificing . Love is kindness . Love is concern . Love is selfless . Love is positive . Love is always there to comfort you even on your rainy days of your life . LOVE does not only includes bgr . 
I don't believe all rich ppl are ill mannered , disrespectful , evil . 
I am Addicted to ... Gloomy Bear They are so Cute ? 
Throw it away , forget yesterday we'll make the great escape . We won't hear a word they say . They don't know us anyway . Watch it burn , let it die . 
When I feel warm with your hand in mine . 
When we walked along the shoreline 
I guessed we'll never know why sparrow love the snow 
We'll turn out all the lights and set this ballroom aglow . 
-Owl City 
It’s not like love at 
first sight , really . It’s more like gravity moves . When you see her , 
suddenly it’s not the earth holding you here anymore . She does . And 
nothing matters more than her . And you would do anything for her , be 
anything for her You become whatever she needs you to be , whether 
that’s a protector , or a lover , or a friend , or a brother . 
-Jacob Black ( Frm Twilight ) 
I might not talk to you but I think of you all the time . 
I am the author of my life . The only problem is , im writing with a pen , so my mistakes can't be erased . 
When I was younger , 
I saw my daddy cried & cruse at the wind . 
He broken his own heart & I watched as he tries to reassemble it . 
& my Mama swore 
she would never let herself forget ; 
& that was the day that I promise 
I'd never sing of love if it doesn't exist . 
Girl : We're best friends right ? 
Boy : Yeah . 
Girl : So be honest with me . Who you like ? 
Boy : No one . I love someone . 
Girl : Oh , she is very lucky . 
Boy : Definitely . I've loved her since I met her . 
Girl : Really ? Well , since we're best friends , I wanna meet her . Go call her . 
Boy : Oh okay . -takes out phone , dials her number- 
Girl : Wait , hold on I think got a call . -answers the phone- 
Girl : Hello ? 
Boy : I love you . 
I’m not even going to get mad anymore . I just have to learn to expect the lowest from the people I thought the highest of . 
Hold back the tears , there's little reprieve . If you show you are weak , you're accepting defeat . 
" You don’t get everything you want . But everything happens for a reason and not getting what you wanted may be for the best . " 
I believe it 
you betray it 
and now I don't trust you 
But I am still Happy 
:) 
A lil story about 4 people named Everybody , Somebody , Anybody & Nobody . 
There was an impt . job to be done & Everybody was sure Somebody did it . 
Anybody could had did it , but Nobody did it . 
Somebody got angry abt that because it was Everybody's job . 
Everybody thought that anybody did it , but Nobody knows that Everybody won't do it . 
It end up that Everybody blame Somebody when Nobody did what Anything could did . 
Everyone may not be good , but there's always something good in everyone Never judge anyone shortly because every saint has a past & every sinner has a furture . 
-Oscar Wilde 
I got tricked by 2 jokers DerranceWong SlapYou & YongPoh Loh -.- 
So what i am still a rock star i got my rock move and I don't want you tonight . 
-P ! nk 
I always think that I will always cherish all my memories to the end . Even if they are sad memories that hurt me deeply . Even if it's so sad that I wish I could forget about them forever . If I can bear with them and not run away from them . Then someday it will make me a stronger person . 
I am sorry that it didn't work out . But it is all over now . 
I smiled to myself and thought , you don’t mean anything to me anymore . You don’t even cross my mind , that so much as our one year would slip my mind . I never missed you ; you aren’t worth that much . 
-thediarists 
I <3 MTV 
People are judged always . Whether it be because of the clothes they 
wear , the music that’s on their ipod or the items they own , judgement 
is always there . People will scrutinize others , saying what they’re 
wearing is “ew” or “gross” , “rank” , “disgusting” . 
Everyone does it , to some degree . Even though they don’t voice it , it’s 
in their thoughts . Thing is , when that “ew” fashion becomes the “in” 
thing , thoughts change 
THANKS to those who , 
hated me , you made me a stronger person . 
loved me , you made my heart bigger . 
envied me , you made my self-esteem grow . 
cared , you 
made me feel important . 
worried , you let me know 
that you care . 
left , you showed me that not 
everything is forever . 
stayed , you showed me the 
meaning of true friends . 
entered my life , you made 
me who I am today . 
You couldn't keep me like I am I feel like a world feeling infected somehow you left me with nothing . We found the love being changed and you lost me . And reach out oh how we cried we lost ourselves and the love have died . 
-Lost me 
You gave my love direction I gave your love connection you can't deny 
Love is handing someone a gun and letting it point to your head , believing that he won't pull the trigger . 
-SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS . 
Ghost Movies in 3D is Creppy 
Sometimes people with the worst past can create the best future . 
-Furyal Mahmood 
Like THIS statue if you want Singapore to snow . No need to shy liking this statue because I wouldn't eat you . Commet if you like . 
But you promised her , next time you'd show restraint 
You don't get another chance , life's no Nintendo game 
But you lied again , now you get to watch her leave out of the window . 
I am jealous :( 
Don’t underestimate yourself . Remember , without your presence someone’s life won’t be complete . 
The Chupa Chups wraper is so difficult to open ... 
We didn’t realize we were making memories , we were just having fun . 
Anyone 
can love a rose but it take a great deal to love a leaf . It is ordinary 
to love the beautiful , but it is beautiful to love the ordinary . 
You think I am pretty without any make up on . 
It’s not that I’m ignoring you , I’m just waiting for you to talk to me first 
" I love when the sky is gray . When the dawn paints the roofs of the 
buildings and the sun is still hiding . The city is our’s then . Right 
before everyone takes over , right when everyone is still sleeping . It’s 
hard to notice that it’s so cold when it’s this pretty . " 
Is not that I don't want to talk to you is just that I feel fear when I talk to you . I don't know why . But I know I tried , and that means alot to me . 
The music ended in a shower of golden notes , leaving a richly silent peace . As he was irresistibly drawn across the room towards the girl , she looked up at him with a complete lack of self-consciousness . 
" it was you , wasn't it ? " she said in a voice as pure and musical as that of the harp . 
Aghh ... SO moody today 
I know that I might have been a bit cold at times . But that is just the way I dealt with all my fear . 
I am leaving you for the last time baby . 
You think you're loving 
but you don't love me 
I've been confused outta my mind lately . 
you think you're loving but I want to be free . 
Baby you've hurt me . ? 
I think you have forgotten about me , 
There comes a time when we stop loving someone not because that person has stopped loving us ... 
But because we have found out that they'd be happier if we let go 
? 
You're going to die Bug !!! 
* use tissue paper squash * 
* leave up the tissue paper to see if the bug is still alive * 
Heh You are going down 
* Squash again * 
That's erm ...? just to make such u don't bug me , BUGGER !!!! 
* Pass the tissue to maid * 
Throw away :D 
-Mission Accomplished- 
There must be an angel with a smile on her face , 
When she thought up that I should be with you . 
But it's time to face the truth , 
I will never be with you . 
What if we said things that can't be taken back . 
What if we missed what we never had . 
Both of us fell to the ground , 
Love is still Love it couldn't be found . 
-One Republic 
There is nothing left to say 
If you want the rainbow , you must have the rain . 
-Annette Hanshaw 
Good friends are hard to find , harder to leave , and impossible to forget . 
Sometimes , we want to say this to someone : 
" You're an insensitive , inconsiderate , selfish , cruel , 
thoughtless , mean person who doesn't deserve to be cared 
for by a person like me . I wish you could just disappear , 
so you couldn't hurt me anymore ! " 
But when we open our mouth to say it , 
it comes out a little softer like : 
" It's okay . I still love you . " 
Sad now mr lee kuan yew's wife died . Now he is a lonly man , nobody to sleep beside him . 
-Part 1- 
A best friend is not defined by how many times they talk on the phone , 
or how many hours they hang out together . It is not defined by how many 
sleepovers they gossip at , or how many inside jokes they have . There 
are no requirements or laws that state that a good best friend must 
hang out with them every weekend , or tell each other every little 
detail . A 
best friend is a matter of opinion . 
I don't get why I get tired easily these few days 
Sometimes I don't get what I say 
I'll do whatever it takes . 
Do you really think I am Clueless ? 
I am not as innocent as you thought I am . 
The longer he looks into your eyes the more he is interested in you . 
If he can't look into your eyes long enough , 
there is a good chance that he wants to conquer you . 
After that he would leave you . 
I always wonder , am I their " perfect " 
girl ? Do their hearts beat faster whenever I'm around them ? Am I their 
inspiration ? The girl they'll look up to ? Do they ever wish I was their 
girlfriend ? Or maybe even their friend ? The one they wish they had a 
second chance with ? Or maybe even just one chance ? The girl they think 
before they sleep ? Or maybe I'm just another girl in their eyes . Nothing special at all . 
Isn't it amazing how a person who was once just a stranger , suddenly meant the world to you ? 
From : xoxo 
I am getting tired 
???????????????????????? 
????????????????????? 
??????????. 
She may not be thinking about you every 
second of the day , but she will give you a part of her that she knows 
you can break - her heart . So don't hurt her , don't change her , don't 
analyze and don't expect more than she can give . Smile when she makes 
you happy , let her know when she makes you mad , and miss her when she's 
not there . 
Latern festival ... 
You had made me a fool out of myself . 
stop poking me poker 
" I see ... " 
Me : " ya so ...? " 
" is he real ? " 
Me : " No he is fake ... Made out of PLASTIC ... Plastic . " 
You have broke my heart . Now I am going to break something of yours . 
-Patrick frm Spongebob squarepants 
I am really dissapointed that you would think this way . :( 
" Logic is the procession or proportionate unfolding of the intuition ; 
but its virtue is as silent method ; the moment it would appear as 
propositions , and have a separate value , it is worthless . " 
-Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Revision Revision Revision :( In less than 1 week we would start our exams and I have to work HARD 
My HEART is waiting for your calls , beating for you & thinking of you . Every moment I am not with you , this is what my heart would do to me . Now do you see how important you are to me . And how I need you in my life . 
I just sent something and now my heart is pumping very fast eager to know the reply . 
Sick of all the insincere So I'm gonna give all my secrets away . 
If Singapore Snows . Alot of things is going to happen to Tan Valerie Xinyi ? 
I missed today's 11:11 :( 
She knows now that people lie and promises can be broken 
as quick as they are made . 
She understands that she might never be 
loved and too quickly , good things fly in front of your eyes before you 
can reach out and grab them . 
She knows that you can’t change or help 
time , so every now and then , it’ll just run out . 
Friends are people that you care and spend time with . 
-Elmo 
Flirting is a habit for those who are single , it's their way of saying " i'm free , " but for those who are commited , it's their way of saying " i'm bored . " 
You ask me why I haven't talked to you ; Well maybe it's because you slowly pushed me out of your life . I'm glad you're finally noticing . 
????????????? 
Spanish you are on list . I am going to knock you down :D 
If I called you , 
would you answer your phone ? 
Once upon a time , 
... 
They lived happily ever after . 
The End 
Defination of Flirting : 
? to court triflingly or act amorously without serious intentions ; play at love ; coquet . 
Good Bye :) 
Sometimes it's better to push someone away , not because you stopped loving that someone but because you have to shield yourself FROM PAIN 
I guess I have to trust you with this , 
If you break it 
then I would just say its just too bad . 
I would never forgive you . 
I hate being Extra 
you can't do extraordinary things in the world if you are spending your time criticizing others because they don't look or behave the way you think they should 
I live life with simple rules . I care for those who would care . Maybe I can't give the best companionship , but I can treasure all the good memories . Maybe sometimes you don't like my personality , but behind my imperfections , I can still be here to lend a hand when you need me . 
She used to believe in soul mates & love at first sight . She still wanted to beleve , but wanting to believe and actually believing were two different things . 
If someone you love hurts you , 
Cry a river , 
Build a bridge , 
and get over it . 
If you’re feeling alone , know that the world can be a lonely place but it would be lonelier without you in it . 
Hahaha . I was talking to mummy in the public on the way to the carpark . I heard a unknown auntie telling her son that me & mummy are lesbo . ;) lol . Funny sia talk also guilty . 
I hate my grandmother's NAGGING but then .. I LOVE her food : * 
" We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed . As in filling a vessel drop by drop , there is at last a drop which makes it run over ; so in a series of kindnesses there is at last one which makes the heart run over . " 
-- Samuel Johnson 
I put on that fake smile for them and pretended like I had never loved him , that I had never had a boy like him in my life . because it was easier to run away from that pain than live with the sorrow so heavy in my broken heart . 
What am I supposed to say , when I'm all choked up and you're okay ? 
It is easier to be brave from a safe distance . 
Just because your friend is fake forget her . 
Just because your boyfriend is cheating on you forget him . 
You need to start focusing on yourself , 
LOVE yourself . 
I found the way to let you leave , I never really had it coming . 
I can't believe the sight of you , I want you to stay away from my heart . 
My Christmas wish would be A Pantax K - x DSLR ( White ) 
An enemy is something created inside yourself by desire & greed . 
People don't have to think of each other as alien or foes . 
I am going KEY-razy 
Keep holding on , 
cause you know we'll make it through , 
just stay strong cause you know 
I'm here for you . There's nothing you 
can say , nothing you can do . 
So just keep holding on <3 
Why I like sleeping . 
Well it's because it allows me to , 
Forget everything for a little well . 
Just because we're not close anymore . 
Doesn't mean that I don't care about you . 
We should never assume that somebody loves us by 
only seeing their sweetness . Sometimes we should 
in the fact that some people are just " FLIRTS " . 
I had so many words , 
But I had no courage . 
Expectation is the root of all heartache 
-Williams Shakespere 
Would you be my valentine ? 
Be patient and tough ; someday this pain would be useful to you . 
-Ovia 
I enjoy serenity . 
At the park . 
While you are seating there , 
Swinging , letting the wind blow pass you 
As you think . As you dream . As you smile . 
We are young , we run ? free , stay up late , we don't sleep . Got our friends , got the night ... We'll be alright :) 
Did you know that when someone appears in your dreams , it's because that person misses you . 
- Psychological fact 
I don't feel the way it used to be . 
Sorry I don't mean to be rude . 
-Enrique Iglesias 
????????????. 
Sometimes I pretend to be normal , but it gets boring . So I go back to being me . 
You know what really sucks 
about falling for a guy you know 
you're not right for ? 
You fall anyways because you 
think he might turn out to be different . 
-Selena Gomaz 
If you don't like me just say . Just don't be such a hypocrite . 
So scared of breaking it that you won't let it bend 
And I wrote two hundred letters I will never send 
Sometimes these cuts are so much deeper than they seem 
You'd rather cover up , I'd rather let them be 
So Let me be , and I'll set you free . 
We both come in a package . 
Like A Set meal . 
You walked out when I needed you the most 
Gosh my legs are aching 
thanks 2.4 for doing that to my legs . 
Love isn't about attraction , infatuation , lust , gifts and the length of time you spent together . True love is having to wake up each day feeling so deeply in love and overwhelmingly happy whenever this person is around you without knowing why . Making you forget the past , cherish the present and wishing the future would be spending your entire lives together . 
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you have decided to look beyond the imperfections . 
Its Just too Lucky that My birthday falls on the 1st day of school camp . :( 
090396 <3 
Party rock is in the house tonight 
Everybody just have a good time 
And we're gonna make you lose your mind 
Everybody just have a good time . 
Anyone can love a rose but it takes a great deal to love a leaf . It is ordinary to love the beautiful , but it is beautiful to love the ordinary . 
I know you want me . I make it obvious that I want you too . So put it on me , Let's remove the space in between me and you . 
-Tonight By Enrique Iglesias . 
you're not my weakness anymore . 
Sometimes it sucks being strong . 
Because when people know that you 
are strong , they think that it is okay 
to hurt you over and over again . 
" I was , but then I realized that I was holding on to something that didn't exist anymore . That the person I missed didn't exist anymore . People change . The things we like and dislike change . And we can wish they wouldn't all day lang , but that never works . " 
If Laughing Increases your Lifespan then I am IMMORTAL 
Today I had a great time with Kai Theng remising our childhood . ( Y ) 
Thanks for the Memories . 
Happiness is not a destiny instead it is a choice . 
I feel Bad doing that to you :) 
Soon she's gonna find stealing other people's toys 
on the playground won't make you more friends . 
( Via Better than revenge by Taylor Swift ) 
I am making sorbet who want to join me ? 
???????? 
?????? 
Thank you too all that wish me happy birthday . :D I really appreciate it . <3 
Today I don't feel like doing anything . 
I just wanna lay on my bed . 
-Lazy Song by Bruno Mars 
You have changed , 
To a complete stranger . 
There is no " Happy ending " If only one person 
does his/her best to save the relationship . 
( Via Facts about you ) 
Love is a risk ; sometimes you win , 
sometimes you lose . But whether it's 
pain or joy , or right or wrong , love 
doesn't have room for mistakes , only 
Lessons . 
I'm sorry for the times I would neglect 
I'm sorry for the times I disrespect . 
I'm sorry for the wrong things I have done . 
The worst feeling is not loneliness it's when someone makes you feel special then suddenly leaves you hanging and you just have to pretend you don't mind . 
I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . 
If you wanna live , 
Don't give a damn about 
What others say or think 
And just do what you 
Want to do . 
Sometimes we must get hurt in order to know , sometimes our vision clears only after our eyes are washed away with tears . 
Do you know what happens when you continuously ignore people ? You're teaching them to live a happy life without you . 
It's not what I do , but the way I do it . 
It's not what I say , but the way I say it . 
Nothing is impossible , 
The word itself says 
" I'm possible " ! 
Every 60 seconds you spend upset , 
Is a minute of happiness you can't get back 
Do I turn left , 
Where nothing is right ? 
Or 
Do I turn right , 
Where nothing is left ? 
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out . 
The greatest pleasure in 
Life is doing what people 
Say you cannot do . 
We were meant to be , 
Supposed to be , 
But we lost it . 
You have the right 
To leave someone 
But at least tell them why , 
Cause what's even more 
painful 
Than being abandoned ; 
Knowing you are not worth an explaination . 
Gosh so pai seh . 
There's nothing wrong in showing you care for someone . 
What's wrong is expecting him/her to do the same . 
I have the sudden Urge to Play Pokemon :) 
Dear homework : 
There is always a tmr . :) 
Your sincerely , 
Zin 
Past please stop tapping on my shoulder . Cause I don't wanna look back . 
Hai ... I regretted eating half a packet of cotton candy ... Now I am so HIGH . 8 ) 
Isn't it sad when you get hurt so much , 
you can finally say " I'm used to it . " 
- ??? 
?????????? 
- ??? - on www.ebuddy.com Web Messenger 
When you can't make a decision , you should flip a coin . Because the minute it is in the air , you know exactly what you want the answer to be . 
I need someone who won't give up on me . 
Lol You remind me of Mary Lou . 
I have athazagoraphobia , the fear of being forgotten . 
Sometimes you have to be strong for yourself . You have to know that you’re a good person and a good friend . What’s meant to be will end up good and what’s not , won’t . Love is worth fighting for , but sometimes you can’t be the only one fighting . At times , people need to fight for you . If they don’t , you just have to move on and realize what you gave them was more than they were willing to give you . 
A girl's laughter is much more cheerful than a boy's . 
But a boy's tears is much more meaningful than a girl's . 
I'll do anything for you . :) 
You remind me of a penny because you're TWO FACED & WORTHLESS . 
Real Girls Aren't Perfect . 
Perfect Girls Aren't Real . 
When someone walk out of your life , let them . 
There's no use in wasting your time on people that leave you . 
What you make of yourself and your future is no longer tied to them . 
Yeah , you may miss them . But remember that you weren't the one 
That gave up . 
Children don't grow up 
Our bodies get bigger 
But our hearts get torn up . 
Time is Precious ... 
So waste it Wisely . 
Caramel Frappuccino <3 
Hey Ng Yun Honey <3 
