Do any of you buggers play Farmville ? Mine mither doth , and she made an excel spreadsheet of the profits of each crop you can grow . Grapes are the best , apparently . 
I am the grammarian about whom your mother warned you . 
To authenticate my humanity , I just had to type ' bushy Shraeter . ' 
switched her ' Languages ' option to English(UK ) and now her info says " TV programmes " ! 
Automatic doors make me nervous . I mean , there's that one second where you aren't really sure if it'll open , and I start to think , " maybe it's broken . Maybe we'll get to push it open the way you're supposed to if there's a fire . Maybe not . Maybe we'll never get out of here and we'll all have to listen to FRESH 102.7 forever . " And then , finally , the damn thing opens . 
I've recently decided that I want to be Mr. Monahan when I grow up . 
Civil Engineering Pop quiz : who here knows what rebar is ? If you do , or if you looked it up , then tell the world the difference between Asphalt , Cement , and Concrete . Another fun term : Gabeon ! 
Chinese is a bitch . All we do is say the same words , over and over again . NEI ZHANG ZHUO ZI ! NEI ZHANG ZHUO ZI !!! ( that desk ) 
If Hitler's father had stuck with his birth name , then Hitler's name would have been Adolphus Schicklgruber . " HEIL SCHICKLGRUBER ! " ^w^ 
I changed my language to Magyar , because it sounded cool . I'm pretty sure this is what the vikings spoke . 
Rahppers will appreciate this : Just woke up from a nap , had a nightmare about my grade on the Min essay . -_-" 
At camp . Using an I-thing . Hard to type . Having fun , or something akin to fun . Playing a piano duet with a kid named Kwaku . Miss you guys . I have to stop using contraband now . G'bye! 
Catapultam habeo . Nisi pecuniam omnem mihi dabis , ad caput tuum saxum immane mittam 
VanYperen's period 2 : second hour , right ? 
I've realized that my new schedule doesn't have my locker number . Anyone else ? 
ain't bovered . 
Finally finished my English essay ! 
I love my kittehs ! <3 
I hate LaRoux . She's too damn catchy . I can't sleep because her terrible song is stuck in my head . ' Ne-ext time ba-a-a-by , I'll be-e-e ... ' 
Colgate faced big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries . Colgate translates into the command “go hang yourself . ” 
I just printed the 65-page geometry review packet , and I remember none of it . Also , Geometry is my first test on the first day . This sucks . 
has been gardening for her mother , and now can't stop blowing dirt from her nose . 
is better now . 
Artie's life's dream has been realised , and all he wants to do is dance . yeah . Only in Glee . 
has a formspring now . http://www.formspring.me/WaltClairey Still doesn't quite get the point of it ... Also , Locker #3984 . 
needs to go supply shopping , but BOTH HER PARENTS ARE AT WORK ! 
Hey , was Alvarado the hard teacher for Algebra II ? Also , is anyone else in AP I with Ms. Conforth ? 
WTF is up with facebook ? It's like all the administrators moved to CRAAAAZZY town . 
RHS Students ! Lend me your ears ! DIGITAL PORTFOLIO IS CANCELLED ! There , here are your ears/antennae back . 
3:30 pm – DADT officially repealed by the Senate . 
Watching a walkthrough of Amnesia : the Dark Descent . I will never sleep again . 
Got a new phone ! I would very much enjoy having your numbers , children 
If you listen to just the woman's part of ' Baby , It's Cold Outside , ' It's about a woman struggling with alcohol abuse . 
has just decided that her new haircut is not red enough , so she will dye it so . With bleach and neon red dye . 
There is love in your body , but you can't get it out ; it gets stuck in your head , won't come out of your mouth . It sticks to your tongue and it shows on your face that the sweetest of words have the bitterest taste . 
fresh-baked pretzels . <3 
I love Nabari no Ou ! Tough I spent the first hour or so of reading it thinking miharu's name was " Nabari " ... 
If you know 
or are related to someone who was killed at Hogwarts School of 
Witchcraft and Wizardry while it was under siege by Death Eaters in The 
Second Wizarding War , you are not alone . Over 50 citizens died in this terrorist attack . 93% 
of people won't repost this , but will you ? Be part of that magical 7% 
that will . Repost to show your support for Dumbledore's Army . 
is not okay . 
I set my language to chinese for a while , and now I'm getting Chinese ads . Hooray for the internet . 
I didn't know House jump the shark with that gimpy leg . 
... notecards . :( 
Is Anyone done with Monahan's project ? I want to see your blogs .... please ? Mine's 
http://aliyahofisrael.blogspot.com/ 
Just got pumpkins , and now has to decide what she wants her jack-o-lantern to be . 
loves watching Doctor Who . British television is wacky and brilliant ! " What do you want ! A Harvey Wallbanger !? " " HARVEY WALLBANGER !? " " Well I don't know ! " " HOW IS HARVEY WALLBANGER ONE WORD ?!?! " 
What are people doing for Ms. Smith's Final Writing/Presentation ? I'm not going to copy , I'm just wondering how far along y'all are . 
Tequila . 
Hello , all ! I'm going to leave for camp on Sunday , and I'll not be truly back until mid-August , so I figured I'll take advantage of the hole in your hearts my leaving will cause to score some mail off y'all . So , when the loneliness becomes too much to bear , just send a letter to : 

Claire Walter 
Appel Farm 
P.O. Box 888 
457 Shirley Road 
Elmer , NJ 08318 
Xie xie ! 
Long pages fucked up the formatting on my facebook , so thanks so much , guys . 
just searched " Claire Walter " and friend requested like 12 people with the same name . =] 
would love to say Allons-y Alonso ! 
I forgot to bring my extra-credit chocolate for Marinkovic's class . Unbeknownst to me , my mother dropped it off for me at school . Obviously , I didn't know to pick it up , so I didn't . What are the chances that a bag of chocolate will still be there tomorrow ? 
Mr. Monahan has now assigned one third of the assignments he plans to give . ( based on percentages of grades . ) God help us . 
SO . MANY . CRANBERRIES . SO . MUCH . TERRIBLE . PERFUME . DAMN THANKSGIVING . 
MY DAD IS CYBERBULLYING ME . 
who else is screwed for the chinese or chem tests ? 
Your momma's so fatthat when she was cremated all the flights in Europe got cancelled . Just saying . 
don't blink , the angels have the phone box . 
hates vuvuzelas . 
Asian vampires are the most vicious of all vampires . 
Candy <3 
just got a haircut . To find a reference photo , I google'd " emo haircuts . " That's how you know it's good . 
Soon , Skyward , we will be together again ... 
To whom it may concern : 
How was confirmation ? 
I hate quadratics , factoring , and my math teacher , who laughed at me when I said I didn't understand . Test tomorrow . >:( 
Hark , Ms. Burnett's US I Honors classes : does she like 1.5 -space , or double-space ? 
Starting my Algebra II project . Has anyone else done/ is anyone else doing Gabriel Cramer ? 
just got a fancy TV , and noe EVERYTHING LOOKS LIKE A SOAP OPERA . 
Hey , I have an account . So ask things . http://www.formspring.me/WaltClairey 
Electricity has returned , but I have nothing done ... 
... I'm thinking of painting/drawing something on some jeans . Any suggestions ? 
So let me get this " STRAIGHT " ... Larry King is on his 8th divorce , Elizabeth Taylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Britney Spears had a 55 hour marriage , Jesse James and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with everyone ; and yet the idea of same-sex marriage is still going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Repost to your page if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL . 
Done , 3 hours later ! I'll just do the textbook work during my sleep in . Dammit . 
I just googled Jehovah's Witnesses , and I found out that they're technically Unitarian Universalists . OMGWTF . 
What kind of reaction is the combination of type of reaction hydrogen peroxide and manganese ( IV ) oxide ? It looks like combustion/sincle replacement/stupid . Help ! 
Crap . I've been at camp so long , I forgot about the real world . And I like camp better . ... Crap . 
Chinese poster is done ! Now I just have to do Min's notecards . So much for no homework over the break . 
http://www.benjerry.com/ Ben and Jerry's website . Go there . Wait two seconds . Weep for joy at what you see . 
Hey , Rahppers : What quotes are you guys using for Min's assignment ? I can't find a good one . 
Best Google doodle EVER . 
I was watching TV , and all I could think was , ' that car doesn't have head restraints , if they get into an accident , they'll get whiplash . ' Damn you , Mr. VanYpren . 
BLackout . cant do hw . gonna die tmrw . 
Chinese vocab . uuugghh . 
Passed the online driving test ! The third time I took it . By one point . But , still ! 
Damn you , chemistry test ! 
3 Projects due next week . Why can't the teachers just TALK to each other so this doesn't happen ? 
Christmas <3 <3 <3 
2010 
is almost over , so like this status if i have made you smile this year . 
then , set this as your status ; you'll be surprised how many people have 
smiled because of you . :D 
NEEDS TO DO HER AP ART HOMEWORK . 
Did anyone else see the fantastic , Michael Gambon-laden Doctor Who Christmas Special ? Mariel , Anna , I am indeed talking to you . 
... coumpound inequalities are dumb . Seriously , guys . 
Put 
this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . Our wish is 
that people will understand being gay is not a disease or a choice . 
People who are gay are not looking for a cure , they are looking for 
ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% wont copy and paste this .... Will you 
make it your status for at least one hour ? Promote Love & 
Acceptance ! NOT HATE . 
THEY DID PARAMORE . 
There's a storm a-brewin ' . 
writing out flash cards with cheap crayons from a restaurant . life is good . 
... Have to start my homework now ... 
Today was fairly terrible . 
Finished the PSAT ! 
Brian Jacques , the author of the Redwall series , died at 71 this weekend . So , for everyone who read one of his gazillion books about forest creatures , take a moment . 
' s printer broke just as she was about to print her Algebra II paper . Meltdown time . 
is the Algebra II textbook online somewhere ?? 
Happy thanksgiving , America at large . I guess now I'll just go die in a corner , then . 
type your name : Claire Walter 
type your name with your elbow : c laifrde waztgltgedrf 
type your name with your nose : claire walter 
type your name with your eyes closed : clasire waliwe 
put this as your status and don't erase your mistakes 
Pointy Irish nose ^-^ 
I just found out that my sister's PSAT score was in the 99th percentile . She got three questions wrong . INEXPLICABLE RAGE . 
hm ... guess I'm not doing math homework tonight . 
I put ribbons on both of my cats , to make them adorable and christmas-y . I achieved my goal , but now I'm worried that they'll sneak into my bedroom tonight and murder me . 
Starting the chem lab now . It'll only take 5 hours ... 
Christmas music from Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley . The best . 
Turns out , DECA dress code does not allow for swimwear . Is that really a big problem for them ? 
I decided to start studying two hours ago and I haven't even opened my backpack yet . I have a feeling that this is going to be a very bad week . 
If one thousand paper cranes awards a wish , how many cranes would I have to make for it to merit a tentative suggestion ? 
" Seems that I have been held , in some dreaming state , 
A tourist in the waking world , never quite awake . 
No kiss , no gentle word could wake me from this slumber , 
Until I realised that it was you who held me under . " 
My math review packet this year is SEVEN WHOLE PAGES long . Suddenly , I feel better . 
Skyward , come back .... I need to obsess about my grades ... 
My profile has now been proved in a hail of adorable rambunctious kittens . <3 
Holy crap , It's Christmas Eve ! 
furnace broke . Snow tomorrow . Save me . ToT 
Is there a difference between ' it's not ' and ' it isn't' ? Meaning-wise ? 
Doing repetitive things helps me study , so I have decided to memorize a poem or song . Any suggestions ? 
Holy crap . 100% chance of precipitation tomorrow . one-bloody-hundred ! 
is anyone working on min's thing right now ? 
Now , I could sleep , or I could watch A Very Potter Musical on Youtube . I wonder . 
Hey , chem buddies ! Do we have a free ? 
Turns out , MetroMint isn't that great . 
Oh lordy this outline . Why , Ms. Burnett ? 
Um , I was hacked , but all that's happened is that I've sent really nice greeting cards , so ... 
ahhh ! my kitty banner is gone ! OH NOES . 
Hey , guys ! 
So , um , because of DECA , I missed a few days of school . I you have a class with me , could you just help me out and tell me what I missed ? Like , was there a quiz , did we take notes , was there a worksheet , etc .? It'll really help . 
I was bored , so I started a Neopets account . NOTHING HAS CHANGED . There are no new neopets , and the newbie pack is exactly the same . 
This is so bad : I have to do the RAHP application essay thing , but I NEED to watch the new glee . And I'm just plain fucked in Chem , but hey . 
The only thing Min has graded ALL QUARTER just had to be the thing I got a C on , didn't it ? GAH . 
I finished my self portrait's face and now I'm staring at me creepily . 
Starting my Burnett Paper . 
the whole pressing ' enter ' to submit a post is really dumb . What do I do If I want a second line ? C'mon facebook , this isn't twitter : I'm allowed to have long , formatted posts . 
Okay , writing for the paper is done , but it's an absolute mess . Would anyone agree to proof ~ read it quickly for me ? It would be really helpful ! 
DONE . 
My sister annoyed me , so now I'm blasting ' Friday . ' Good times . 
New pas t-t ime : being a Russian grandmother and making hollow eggs . <3 
I wasn't named after anybody , my name has a very average etymology , and my name has never taught me anything . What am I supposed to write about for the Min essay ??? 
