has been tasked with making ' ninja boots ' for his daughter . This apparently requires an awl and an x-acto knife to achieve ' maximum ninjafulness ' 
enjoyed the Brisbane Midsummer Swedish Day festival . David Brooks wasn't there , which is probably just as well .... 
just isn't sure whether to go diving in ' Lady Elliot's Blow Hole ' 
observes that journalist Sharon Begley is not the brightest button in the sewing kit 
has been hiking through subtropical rainforests 
' s digit was nipped by an emu today . 
was much amused by Douglas Coupland's novel ' JPod ' 
has become a heavy user of tripadvisor.com 
suggests that Martin Amis ' ' Yellow Dog ' is the best British novel ever written about closed head trauma 
wonders ( 1 ) who is this Lady Gaga , ( 2 ) why is she bluffin ' with her muffin , and ( 3 ) why does she want people to p-p-p-poke her face ? 
saw lorikeets , bush turkeys , and strangler figs today . 
thinks that Australians eating ' pumpkin sushi ' with mayonnaise sort of violates the whole concept of sushi as a food group 
suspects that Peter F . Hamilton could write a little more concisely if he tried harder 
snorkeled the great barrier reef until he was blue in the face 
returns to New Mexico tomorrow , with no small amount of ambivalence . 
is dusting off the elliptical . 
has been abnormally smitten by the new Tori Amos CD 
finds the music group Niyaz almost acceptable as a substitute for the much-missed music group Ekova . 
is in Sydney for the next three days , to talk at the UNSW evolution & ecology research centre 
is giggling while his daughter keeps saying the word ' snorkel ' over and over until it loses all meaning . 
heard typical Norwegian joke : American tourist asks boy in Bergen , Norway , ' So , does it always rain in Bergen ? ' . Boy answers ' Sir , I don't know yet ; I'm only nine years old ' . 
doesn't understand why a science conference at St. John's College , Oxford University , cannot provide any internet access on-campus , if the Oxford Starbuck's can .... 
wishes that Virgin Atlantic would fly straight from Albuquerque to Oslo ... 
is suffering techno-catch-22 : an office computer so old and slow that it can't actually load the dell.com web pages required to order a new computer ... 
is swamped in preparation for a visit to Brussels and Tilburg next week 
returns from europe with goodies : the new Douglas Coupland novel Generation A 
has been fascinated by his PhD student Laura Dane's new dissertation on physical attractiveness ratings of hands and forearms . 
is stuck in chicago o'hare; still three flights away from bergen , norway ; apparently ' weather ' is occuring here ... 
wishes Obama would not actually appoint Francis Collins to head NIH , since Collins is a loony evanegelical who doesn't believe the human mind evolved through natural selection . 
notes that Thon Hotel Panorama in Oslo serves breakfast buffet with all three basic Norwegian food groups : muesli , meatballs , and herring 
is in crepe-land , and it's all good . 
now stuck in London Heathrow ... United lost checked bag ... must fly to Bergen via Copenhagen , yet no time to see Copenhagen's wonderful botanical gardens ... life could be sweeter 
wants to see some good data on the relative rates of Asperger syndrome across different research fields ... 
saw all the cows and thatched farm houses that one could ever wish to see , on the train from Groningen back to Amsterdam . 
is having his wheels balanced . 
is transitioning from an F-22 kind of mood to an A-10 mood 
is prepping a consumer behavior class and looking for good films that portray consumerism , marketing , advertising , etc -- any suggestions ? 
has been gratuitously calculating h-indexes for his friends from google scholar 
is in Amsterdam , and there's a full moon , so god only knows what might happen . 
thinks perhaps all married people should immediately watch ' Revolutionary Road ' . Or perhaps no married people should ever watch it . It's that sort of film ... 
is amazed at the number of different kinds of irritability that one can feel in a day if one starts working at 4 am . 
hs written about 30 recommendation letters in the last three days , and is running out of superlatives .... 
went to White Sands National Monument , and dog Jenny apparently loves cavorting across fine powdered gypsum 
likes ' evidence-based medicine ' , but wonders whether ' evidence-based marriage ' would be a good idea . 
finds ' Craisins ' almost as addictive as ' Smartfood ' . Almost . 
thinks the Logitech Trackball feels kind of pervy , in a David Cronenberg sort of way 
is at the Association for Consumer Research conference , and the hotel view of Pittsburgh is actually rather lovely , what with the rivers and autumn trees . 
is perplexed that most academic buildings are so poorly designed to foster any form of social interaction , much less effective collaboration . And that the worst perpetrators always seem to win architecture prizes . 
really wishes Vail was in Taos ... 
is hoping he doesn't get fired for publicly suggesting that his university eliminates all of its NCAA extra-mural sports programs until the budget crisis passes ... 
can't find a bad restaurant anywhere in Sydney . It's apparently a foodie culture . So why does his hotel serve only ' Weet-Bix ' for breakfast ? ... 
is doing submission wrestling with neoclassical economics in his evolutionary psychology class today 
developed a thing for the paintings by Judy Watson in the Art Gallery of New South Wales 
is on an ill-advised and probably futile quest for pannenkoeken 
is having about as much fun as it's possible to have in Dulles airport . Which isn't much . Notwithstanding the free apples from the United ' red carpet club ' . 
made a pair of stilts for his daughter , which required a surprising amount of miter-sawing and power-drilling and general sawdust flying about . 
in working on the smartphone psychology manifesto , is trying to predict how fast smartphone CPUs will be by 2025 : is 100 teraflops reasonable ? 
notes that paint color sample cards make cheerful bookmarks 
is really sorry about the flooding in beloved Brisbane -- home to great friends and colleagues 
is fascinated by playwright Samson Raphaelson's comment ' Until I was age 75 , I didn't know the first goddamn thing about myself ' ( from a 1982 interview with Bill Moyers in his ' Creativity ' TV series ) 
needs triple espresso before he can face reviewing yet another journal paper by overly prolific author X for journal Y ... 
happy to have finished writing my chapter on the future of evolutionary psychology in China for a book edited by XT Wang and Yan-jie Su 
is fighting off the damp grey chill of Ann Arbor by reading Rebecca Goldstein's warm new novel ' 36 arguments for the existence of god ' , and it's working so far . 
finished Iain M . Banks ' ' Transition ' , an overlooked gem of mind-expanding science fiction 
is feeling gritty and determined , in a ' Vanishing Point ' sort of way . 
Economist's definition of a P h.D. student : one who foregoes current income in order to forego future income 
is excited to be 2% +/- 2% Neanderthal . 
is sending best wishes to everyone prepping their talks for the Human Behavior and Evolution Society ( HBES ) meeting next week in Oregon 
loves the view from Ann Arbor's Campus Inn , but doesn't understand the Chinoiserie decor 
notes that Albuquerque now feels like a creme brulee being carmelized by a butane torch 
got a Motorola Droid today , and is totally intimidated by how much smarter it is than its owner . 
is loving David Mamet's book ' Bambi vs . Godzilla : On the nature , purpose , and practice of the movie business ' 
much distressed that ' summer goldenrod ' paint , when applied to an actual wall , looks like a jaundiced pumpkin ; time to knock back the color to ' barest hint of lemon chiffon ' or something ... 
is at a conference in Amsterdam on the psychology of green consumerism 
saw a young man texting and skateboarding at the same time today , which seems a typical example of young male exaggeration of their capacity for multitasking given their attentional bottleneck -- a weird kind of costly/risky cognitive display 
finally finished drafts of two behavior genetics papers this week : genetic correlates of female orgasm rates , and genetic correlates of mobile phone use . Fun with Science ! 
finds that everything goes better with Ladytron 
wonders today , like most Albuquerqueans , whether it's possible for people to fry and melt at the same time 
overheard at CostCo : Customer : ' Does this bottle of fish oil capsules include sharp little straws for sucking out the fish oil ? ' Cashier : ' No , but you can just squeeze the oil straight into your mouth . It's tangy ' . 
has scraped , sanded , washed , spackled , and prepped the hell out of the bathroom-to-be-remodelled ; tomorrow : ' summer goldenrod ' satin semi-gloss paint will make an appearance . 
highly recommends Stewart Brand's ' Whole earth discipline : An ecopragmatist manifesto ' , especially if you think that cities , nuclear power , or genetically modified foods are anti-Green 
bought a painting of a half-dead saguaro cactus , for its schadenfreude-promoting ambience ... 
just another quiet day eagerly reading The Economist and testily reviewing journal papers ... 
is trying to write better personality scale items to measure ' openness to experience ' - wish me luck with this most ornery of constructs ... 
needs his engine ' decarbonized ' , according to a flagrantly profit-seeking mechanic 
wishes happy father's day , to all those committed to heavy paternal investment in offspring 
was fascinated by the documentary ' Manufactured Landscapes ' , about Edward Burtyksnky's art -- photos of huge-scale mining , factories , dams , shipbuilding , Shanghai highrises 
is thrilled that his PhD student Chris Jenkins is engaged to the lovely Loren ; congratulations ! 
expands his list of impulse-purchase items from Reese's peanut-butter cups to Pella ProLine double-hung aluminum-clad wood windows .... one danger of frequenting Lowe's home improvement centers 
is enjoying ' The quotable atheist ' by Jack Huberman 
' s Toyota mechanic says ' Your rotors are warped and your actuators are lazy ' -- which sounds alarmingly metaphorical 
much enjoyed Ian McEwan's new novel Solar -- the protagonist an outstanding example of semi-adaptive self-deception 
admires the tenacity of the praying mantis that rode on the hood of his car for about a mile ... 
has fistfuls of splinters from fixing splintery backyard fencing 
talking today at TEDxABQ about evolution & consumerism 
looking forward to the ' Warm Gun : Designing Happiness ' conference in San Francisco Oct . 8 
, preparing/procrastinating for some heavy-duty factor analysis , built a big solid workbench out of birch , redwood , and fir in his garage this morning ; its relevance to multivariate statistics is no longer clear however .... 
is preferring the English Opening to the Queen's Gambit 
finished writing a book chapter on ' multiple selves , green consumerism , and evolutionary psychology ' -- and still not quite sure what it's about ... 
against my better judgment , enjoyed Chuck Liddell's autobiography ; not sure whether to be surprised or not that there are MMA groupies ... 
had a nightmare that Jennifer Aniston was singing lead vocals for Hjartað hamast by Sigur Ros . It was ... just ... horrible ... 
making progress on writing ' The smartphone psychology manifesto ' 
thinks ' The Road ' starring Viggo Mortensen must be the most depressing movie ever made , or that could possibly be made . Must recover by watching ' Dexter ' .... 
is quietly monetizing things 
enjoyed the bio-doc ' Annie Liebowitz : Life through the lens ' -- a little too focused on her commercial and celebrity photography , but still good insights into a creative perfectionist 
upon reading Goffman's brilliant ' Frame analysis ' ( 1974 ) , realizes that the rate of researchers gaining new insights into human nature no longer exceeds the rate of forgetting and failing to read the old insights of previous generations . Perhaps we've reached some asymptotic insight-level given current life-spans , and further progress will depend mostly on increased longevity ... 
is tired of reviewing papers that use the phrase ' neurocranial architecture ' when ' skull shape ' would work just as well 
got a bloody nose in jiu-jitsu today . Apparently when you're getting severely stacked , blood flows down into your head . Who knew ? So it goes . 
returned from an inspiring ' Warm Gun : Designing happiness ' conference in San Francisco -- unbelievably exciting times for mobile web designers , app developers , and internet start-up companies , and it was fun to share the buzz 
was impressed by the Tilda Swinton film ' I am love ' 
12 inches of new snow on Sandia Peak -- I'm predicting that tomorrow will be a ski day ! 
found a very impressive portrait of borderline personality disorder in Saffron Burrows ' performance of Miss Julie in the Mike Figgis film ( 1999 ) of the Strindberg play 
skies better on Provigil , apparently . Counter-acts the 12,000 feet altitude somehow ? 
