is off to bed , nighters e1 , God bless and sweet dreams !! ~ ~ Hugs ~ ~ 
my oldest left for his first semester at Dalhousie , seems like yesterday he started school ............. now he's 18 and going to University ...... Good luck Jason , stay safe !!!! 
to all of my friends (¯`* • . ¸Your label says : made in Heaven ~ cos you're an Angel ... Only handwash ~ cos you're fragile ... Cold iron ~ we don't wanna burn you're wings & Handle with care ~ cos you're a limited edition !!! Pass this to all those Angel's who have given you their time ... support ... friendship ... help and made ...... you laugh when you tho ... ught there was little to laugh at as these are your true friends¸ . • *´¯) 
Good Morning , Good Morning , let the sun shine the whole day through , Good Morning , Good Morning to You ! ..... now someone please tell me what kids show I remember that from ..... it's driving nuts lol 
Needs sometime away from everyone b4 I go insane ........... having one of those days where you wonder why you where excite they said their first words ....... back talk all around !!!!! 
Been a long day , seems to be lasting 4 days past forever , maybe it's just because I'm tired out , not sleeping much lately ..... hope everyone has a lovely saturday ! Hugs 
Friends are like rays of sunshine that brighten your heart and warm your soul , a special gift of momentous rewards ! 
It's freezing out !!!!! T.G.I.F.F !!!!!!!!!!! Christmas break starts after school .... off til Jan 4 maybe just maybe we'll get to sleep past 6am sometime the in the 2 weeks ..... maybe ...... could be a mom fantacy though 
2 all of my friends (¯`* • . ¸Your label says : made in Heaven ~ cos you're an Angel ... Only handwash ~ cos you're fragile ... Cold iron ~ we don't wanna burn you're wings & Handle with care ~ cos you're a limited edition !!! Pass this to all those Angel's who have given you their time ... support ... friendship ... help and made ....... you laugh when you thought there was little to laugh at as these are your true friends¸ . • *´¯) 
This is a test to see who's paying attention . It serves to eliminate people who are desperately trying to add " friends " like it's a popularity contest in High School . This is a test to see how many people in my friends list actually pay attention to me . Copy and repost in your own bulletin . Let's see who the true friend 
We Wish You a Merry ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? We Wish You a Merry ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ? ? ? We Wish You A Merry ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... and a Happy New Year " Copy and paste ~ keep the wave going on and on 
Wishing a belated Merry Christmas to all , computer went down on Christmas eve , just got it up and running again 
ø¤MERRYº°¨¨°º¤ø °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤MERRYº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° .... Copy and paste and keep the wave going ! MERRY CHRISTMAS ! 
WARNING ! ! ! ! ! ! ! , don't go into or open the group WE'RE AGAINST THE 4.99 A MONTH CHARGE FOR FACEBOOK FROM JUNE 30TH 2010 It has a virus in a link that opens unstoppable windows with horrific images of humans in states of mutilation . Everyone repost ! 
Hoping that one and all had a very Merry Christmas , and wishing everyone a very blessed and wonderful New Year !!!!!! ~~~ Hugs ~~~ 
wishes she could turn loads of laundry into bags of money , be richer the Donald Trump in no time ....... seems like its multiplying ..... worse then rabbits !!!!!! 
Another gray snowy , white , blustery day ....... makes one feel like hibernating til spring gets here ......... would love to see the sun peak out for a while :( 
Is hoping that if everyone rises and shines maybe some of this snow will melt lol 
All u proud moms out there , copy an repost this ! how much did your children weigh when they were born ? Jason Michael 8lb 8oz , Glendon Anthony 7lb 7oz , Lucas Ashton 8lb 8oz , and Nickolas Alexander 5lb 2 oz 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib . Not from his feet to be walked on .. Not from his head to be superior ... but from the side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved !!!!.... Pass it on if you agree 
Lucas has strep throat , been told that it is contagious ... for the first few days ..... no school for him until midweek ...... anti-biotics , tylenol , and plenty of fluids for him ..... 
Wishing everyone a lovely Valentines weekend ! 
wishing everyone a very lovely Valentine's weekend ! 
knows Lucas is feeling better , he's taking great pleasure in slowly driving me crazy ......... going back to school soon ..... as long as no one shares his food , drinks , or utensils ..... your con't get his strep throat 
Tomorrow my baby turns five ........ where does the time go ? 
Be yourself ....... no one else is more qualified . 
Is entering into a busy birthday time , here .... Feb 26 - Nickolas going to be 5 . then Mar 11 - Glendon going be 17 , then Mar 24 - Lucas , going be 7 and finally Mar 27 is mine ....... I just age ..... you are only as old as you feel ..... and no you can feel me to see lol 
' Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater . If you give her sperm , she'll give you a baby . If you give her a house , she'll give you a home . If you give her groceries , she'll give you a meal .... If you give her a smile , she'll give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what is given t ... o her . So , if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit . ' 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose ... family ! 
*¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • • *¨* 
Women are Angels and when someone breaks our wings we 
simply continue to fly ... on a broomstick . We are flexible like that !! 
• *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • • *¨* 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , a chaueffer , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked , but still LOVE my job !! Now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost if you're a MOM ! 
Hope you all have a great evening :) 
CSI , then off to bed . So the puppy can wake me 5mins after Mike leaves @ 330 am ....... to see if I want to play with Lucky ..... makes it so I just dose off before the alarm goes of @ 615 am 
would love to dumb cuff whom ever order all this nor'east wind ! It's enough already knock it off !!!!! 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in HONOR of someone who has died of or is fighting cancer . R.I P . Gramps Garnet Oliver ! 
Do I work ? YES . I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I'm a MOMMY . I am a cook , cleaner , parent , teacher , referee , nanny , nurse , handyman , maid , security officer , and a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay , or a day OFF . I work through the day and the night . I am on-call at ALL hours . Now tell me my job isn't a real one - IT'S THE ... BEST ONE . Re-post if you're blessed enough to be a mommy :) 
Mom always said if you cant say anything nice don't say anything at all . And people wonder why I am so quiet ! 
High winds , heavy rain , and not the power just went out , sounds like someone is saying in bedtime . lol Good night and God bless ! 
Sounds like I'm trapped in a car wash ....... and I wanta get out !! 
Time to tuck the boys in , covered in vaor rub , saline to clear noses ...... hopefully some sleep in the future ..... me I've got a sore throat , and a wicked sinus headache ...... wonderng if the school sent home this " present " with every kid ..... Merry Christmas :) 
Just lost power , suppose to fixed by 4:15 pm ...... thanks to the linesmen that are out in this mess ..... We really appreciate the work you do !!!!! 
whomever order this snow needs a dumb cuff up side the head ...... too early for the white stuff !!!!! 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their handicap is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and loved . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of ALL children who were born ...... in a unique and loving way . 
wishes this sore throat and cough would take a freaking hike , had enough already !!!!!!!!! 
is looking forward to bedtime , I`m so tired .... but the kids seem to be powered by Energizer ...... they just keep going an going ......... 
seeing as school is cancelled due to the snowstorm ...... I'm climbing back into my warm bed for a while :) 
Wishes spring would hurry up and get here already , had more than enough of snow and cold !! Bring on the damp chill it's preferred lol 
Almost thawed out , must be time to go out and shovel more snow ! Hopefully it won't happen again anytime soon .... we seem to have gotten enough yesterday to last the rest of the winter !!!! 
Wishing you and yours a very Merry Christmas ! 
is thinking it time for this rain to STOP !!!!! Day 4 of heavy rains , is it time to build the Ark , yet ? 
loves busy town mysteries .... first time it's been quiet since daybreak .... inserve day for teachers .... long weekend for the boys ... 
is starting to feel almost human again , things are staying down , and have slept most of the day , catching up for being up most of the night ..... has had enough of the flu , the cold , and this cough ..... 
Thanks to Nicole Sewell for sending me 7 . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/mystical-art-gbejec/home?tv3=n6vZYWceE%2BOW2S2DMDbcmiiMnUy0aBm7Yw%3D%3D 
NO Christmas Lights till Nov 12 in respect for our Veterans . Please spreadthe word . Let's not allow Christmas consumerism over shadow RemembranceDay on Nov 11th . ** Please repost ! * 
wonders what time Mikey will be home for supper ..... this roast smells so good ...... maybe brownies for dessert ........ 
Why Do We Sleep Through Church , But Stay Awake For A 3 Hour Movie ? Why Is It Hard To Pray , But Easy To Curse ? Why Is It Hard To Re-post A Godly Bulletin , But Easy To Re-Post The Mean One's ? Why Can People Worship A Celebrity , But Not God ? Gonna Ignore this ? Afraid To Get Laughed At ? The Lord Said , " If You Deny Me In Front Of Your Friends , I Will Deny You In Front Of My Father . " Re-post this if u believe in God ? 
Redbull :) 
With time , women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room , it distributes out to the rest of our bodies . So we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured , educated & happy . Beginning today , when I look at my butt in the mirror I will think ; Good Grief , look how smart I a ... m , I must be a genius !! ~ Ladies re-post if you agree 
It's Christmas ....... not X-mas !!! Don't remove Christ from HIS birthday !!! 
Post this if you agree ....... Please don't X out the Lord !!!!! ( I would love to see this on everyone's wall ! ) Jesus is the reason for the season . 
FARMERS - Work their farms from the crack of dawn until the books are done at night . In 2010 , there have been 438 farmers killed on the job so far . Of these , 85 were children , killed on their family farms . Farmers produce the food that keeps us alive . Every meal is a good time to think of the ... people who made it possible . REPOST if you are a farmer , love a farmer , appreciate farmers , or eat food . 
making homemade pizza for supper , and wondering where is Mikey ? 
5:30 pm and it's dark already , man I'm tired :( 
got the living room floor scrubbed , Lucky puppy only pulled my hair once , but there where lots of kisses .... but at least she helped lol 
The 12 days of FB ...... 12 blank screens ..... 11 locked up links .... 10 games not working ....... 9 days of screaming .... 8 posts not posting .... 7emails complaining ... 6 cigs asmoking ... 5 salty tears ...... 4 thousandgone ... 3 broken mice ... 2therapists .... and ......... a ... programmer ...... hanging from a treeeeee !!!!! feel free to copy and paste --- I did ! LOL !!!! 
would like mornings better if they came later in the day ! :( 
Has a feeling it's gonna be a " Give me coffee and no one gets hurt kinda day " 
Silence is GOLDEN , duct tape is SILVER !!!! Sometimes you need one to get the OTHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Dear Santa . I don't want much for Christmas . I just want the person reading this to be happy . Friends are the fruitcake of life . Some are nutty . Some are soaked in alcohol (!!) . Some are sweet . But mix them together and they're my friends . 
Merry Christmas !??.......... Re-post this for all YOUR fruitcakes ? 
having a fun game of Wii bowling with Mike and the boys so far I have the highest score to beat :-P 
?????????? ????? ?????????? 
? ??? ~ ~ HAPPY NEW YEAR ~ ~ ??? ? 
?????????????????????????????? ? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????????????? 
Power is back on , Finally time for a coffee ..... regular noises are back .... too dang quiet last night ....... eeriely quiet not good for sleeping 
*?* *?* ? * ? HAPPY NEW YEAR ? * ? 
?. _ ?? _ *.?* . / ? \ .? * .??.?. *.?* * ? ? * 
?. (´• ? •) *.?*/ ?.? \*?.* ? _ ? _____ . ? 2011 ? ? * ? * BE SAFE ? 
. °( . • . ) ? ° . /• ' ? ' • \.?* . /______/ ~?* . ? *.??* ?. * ? 
*(...'•' .. ) * ??????? ° .??? ???????? * ?? ? ? !... 
had a couple snow flurries , enough to get the kids excited , Lucky puppy's not sure what it is ..... me , I'm just thankfull it's not stick to the ground and seems to disappear as fast as it comes :) 
The sand truck was just in , now we live at 123 Sand sprinkled Ice rink road ....... wishes spring would spring up soon ! 
Spooky ! Check this out ..... 
This year we will experience four unusual dates - 
1/1/11 , 11/1/11 , 1/11/11 , and 11/11/11 . 
Now , take the last two digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it will equal 111 ....... 
feels like death has chewed me up , spit me out , stomped on me , ran me over with a freight train , and is back for round two . :( 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% will re-post ... and the 99% of people on TAGGED won't have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you 
all I want for Christmas is the winning lotto numbers ....... then to hit the stores for the after Christmas sales ! lol 
free to a good home , one rip roaring headache ..... it comes with a no return policy !!!! Had it since Friday , can dent it but not able to shake it !!!!! Arghhhhh !!!!!!! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you ... who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for everyday , and who you could NOT live without then post this as your status . I love you Mike !!!! 
Prayers need to go out for a FB friend's daughter Audrin King and her family . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows ...... Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl .... The power of prayer speaks volumes . Please and God bless you for doing this 
Good Morning , and Happy Valentine's Day !!!!! xoxoxo 
thanks to the NS Power linesmen that are out in this storm restoring power , we really apprecaite all that you do !!! Powers back and I can now smell that deer steak as it finishes cooking ..... gonna be yummy !!! 
says Be yourself ...... no one else is more qualified !!!!!!!! 
Wonders where oh where , oh where is Mikey ? 
It's full of love and hope ....... and it's RED !!! xxx 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST ONE FOR HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON ALL STATUS TODAY 
is thinking that whom ever ordered this snow , needs a dumb cuff up side the head !!! Yeppers it's snowing on the neck ...... aren't we unlucky :) 
BITCHOLOGY : When I stand up for myself and my beliefs , they call me a bitch . When I stand up for those I love , they call me a bitch . When I speak my mind , think my own thoughts or do things my own way , they call me a bitch . Guess what - I'm a Bitch and proud of it ! (?_?) BITCH - stands for BABE IN TOTAL CONTROL OF HERSELF ! Paste this to your profile if you're a proud Bitch .. THAT'S QUEEN BITCH TO YOU :) 
Good morning , Mr. Sunshine , it is so great to see you ..... but could you dial down the brilliance , and turn up the heat .... not enjoying the snow blinding lol and it's a bit chilly !!!! Have a great day , everyone !!!!! :) 
is singing in the rain , not looking forward to when the wind picks up and then it changes over to snow ..... want winter to be over already , Jack Frose go over stay your welcome else where !!!!!! 
loverly now it's snowing , wth happened to raining til sometime after midnight in NS ! Just making a mess out .... wonders if they will cancel school :( 
My baby boy is 6 yrs old today , Happy Birthday Nickolas !!! Where did the time go ? 
• *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
Women are born angels . And when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly .. on a broomstick . Be warned . We are flexible like that . Keep posting this girls ! 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
off next door to do a little cleaning , chk the fire , and put a roast in the oven to slow cook for supper ........ so Dad can take the credit for it and tell Mom how good he is getting it all done and going winkling too ! lol Hopefully Lucas and Nickolas help more then hinder lol 
move over Weight Watchers , there is a new way to lose weight ~~~ it's the " can't afford to buy groceries to feed myself , because I just put it all in my gas tank " diet ! Repost this if you have seen the price of gas ! 
Sun's a shining beautifully , but it's just a tease , giving freezing rain for tonight , changing to rain in the morning , with strong easterly winds ........ the winds picking up now ....... 
has removed Wild West Town , it has never worked right , but for the last week , it won't even load at all !!! :( 
Five Deadly Words Used By Women - 1)FINE : This is the word women use to end an argument when they KNOW they are right and you need to shut up . 2)NOTHING : This means SOMETHING , and you should be wary . 3)GO AHEAD : This is a dare , not permission ; DON'T do it ! 4)WHATEVER : Is a woman's way of saying SCREW YOU ! 5)THAT'S OK : She wants to think long and hard before deciding HOW and WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
Earth is the insane asylum for the universe . 
" Imagination is more important than knowledge . Knowledge is limited . Imagination encircles the world " - Albert Einstein 
OKAY ! WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH !!! Gas Strike March 10th ! This worked once before ... let's try it again . On March 10 if everyone does not buy gas for one day , it will hurt the oil companies . It's time we stood up to them . We CAN have a voice ... REMEMBER " MARCH " 10th DO NOT BUY GAS ! Please repost this to as many people as you can ... it is urgent that this spreads like wildfire . 
The spoof posting on the social networking site claimed Sheen had died of a heart attack , and purported to have an ‘exclusive video’ of the sacked Two And A Half Men star being taken away in an ambulance . 
However the ‘clip’ linked to an online survey which put viewers’ computers at risk of being infected with malware 
VIRUS WARNING ( confirmed with ZDNet.com ) Please re-post this as often as possible : " Charlie Sheen found dead at home " is a VIRUS !! & very believable so of course people are going to click on it & this is why we need to look after our neighbors and keep re-posting this to ensure that they see it . Remember not everyone is online at this time so re-post again & again . You would want your neighbors to do it for you 
¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸ Going out to all those affected in Japan , the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami . Keep this going ? 
(¯`v´¯) 
`· . ¸ . ·´ 
¸ . ·´¸ . ·´¨) ¸ . ·¨) 
(¸ . ·´ This balloon heart is traveling around the world for all the victims in the Japanese Earthquake & Tsunami . Please pass this balloon on & show your support & prayers for them all during this devastating time . 
The first testicular guard , the " cup , " was used in Hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974 . That means it only took 100 years for men to realize that their brain is also important . OK LADIES ...... QUIT LAUGHING 
Please put this on your status if you know someone , are related to , and adore someone who has ASD , PDD , ADHD , ADD or Aspergers . These misunderstood , so called " trouble maker " kids just want to be treated like everyone else and can't speak out . But we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't copy and paste this , so le ... t's see who the 7% are ... that will stand up for them 
this redneck hick chick is heading to bed , doubt the boys will even notice that time changed , and when they get up at 6:30 am it will be 5:30 am by my internatal clock ..... could be a long day tomorrow aaaaaaaagh !!! 
is seriously looking for the mute , pause , and slow motion buttons on these boys , not good March break has only just begun :{ 
Chocolate is made from cocoa , cocoa is derived from beans , we all know beans are vegetables , so - chocolate counts as vegetables . So eat 5 serves daily . 
The One you just called fat ? She has been starving herself and has lost over 30lbs . The One you just called stupid ? She has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? She is abused enough at home . There is more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
Sept 11th ( NY ) Jan 11th ( Haiti ) March 11th ( Japan ) ........ Luke 21:10 - 11 Then Jesus said to his disciples " Nation will rise against nation , Kingdom against Kingdom . There will be great earthquakes , famines and pestilences in various places and fearful events and great signs from heaven . Jesus says behold I come quickly , So ..... ask yourself are we ready ? 
URGENT WARNING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THERE IS A SELF GENERATING VIRUS ON FACEBOOK . IF YOU RECEIVE A MESSAGE IN CHAT THAT READS ( THIS WILL MAKE YOU THINK WHAT YOU POST ON YOUR WALL ) DO NOT OPEN IT .... IF YOU DO IT WILL SEND TO EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR INTERNET CONTACTS ... PLEASE RE POST ............ IT IS CLOSING ACCOUNTS 
If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus . Please post this on your own site for your friends - take care its a strong virus 
Keep this going !! Heavenly Father , walk through my home & take away all my worries & any illnesses . Please watch over & heal my family & friends in Jesus name .... Amen !!! This prayer is so powerful . Post this as your status & watch what He will do ! ??? 
NEW VIRUS ON FB using YOUR pictures . It says you've been tagged in a picture , wants you to click on a link to see it . Then hacks into YOUR computer & ALL YOUR ACCOUNTS including BANKING & other secure accounts . It DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER . Once hacked into your comp ; it sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been TAGGED in pics & starts the process again . PLEASE RE-POST URGENT !!!!!!!!!! 
Attention FB friends ! Some applications are sending not too nice messages under your identity . If you don't want to get in trouble with your friends , copy paste this message ! And if you receive a nasty message from me , rest assured I'm not the one who sent it ! 
if i get this message ,, i will delete .. no questions asked ! 
“ Yesterday is gone . Tomorrow has not yet come . We have only today . Let us begin . ” - Mother Teresa ( 1910–1997 ) 
is getting to the age where she'd like to have 3 men ......... 1 to cook , 1 to clean , and one to chase after the kids :-P ~~~~~~~ 
THERE IS A VIRUS GOING AROUND ... IT IS CALLED HOUSEWORK ! 
If you feel the need to start housework , stop immediately . This virus wipes out your social life . Should you come in contact with housework , go to your nearest store & buy the only known antidote : CHOCOLATE . Forward this warning to a least 6 friends . If you do not have 6 friends y ... ou are already infected . 
Happy 8th Birthday to Lucas , seems like yesterday you made your arrival into the world :-/ 
I'm not pretty , or gorgeous , I'm not what men consider ' fit ' . I haven't got an amazing figure , I'm not skinny or have a flat stomach . I'm far from being considered model material , but I'm me , and I don't care . I love to wear my jimjams and no makeup around the house . I'm happy as I am , so girls put this as your status if your proud of who you are ? * ~ 
Very Sadly , most of you won't copy this . WIll you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ??? It is Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , patience & understanding . Thank you 
Who says Facebook friends aren't real friends ? They enjoy seeing you on line everyday ... miss you when you're not there ... send condolences if you've lost someone ... send you wishes on your Birthday ... enjoy the photos & videos you post ... put a smile on your face when you're down , make you laugh when you feel like crying ....... Re-post if you love your Facebook friends . I Love Mine !!! x x 
is celebrating the 20th anniversary of my 19th birthday today ;-P ~~~~ Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone , you all help to make the day special :) 
Congrats to my brother Tim , wife Jennifer , and Neiley , on the new baby ....... Oliver Timothy ..... 7lb 6oz born around 5 this morning :) 
Put this on your status if you know someone , are related to , or adore someone who has ADHD , ADD , ASD , PDD , AUTISM or ASPERGERS . These misunderstood so called " trouble maker " kids just want to be treated like everyone else but can't speak out . But we can raise awareness ... 93% won't copy and paste this , so let's see who the 7% are that will stand up for these children ! 
Congrats to Tim , Jennifer , and Neiley Lewis on the arrival of Oliver Timothy !!!! :) 
IT'S SON'S WEEK !! ? IF YOU HAVE A SON(S ) WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND THEM , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON(S ) NO MATTER YOUR SITUATION , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR WALL . YOUR SON(S ) WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR ? HEART ? FOR A LIFETIME 
" Hanging onto resentment is letting someone you despise live rent-free in your head . " - Esther Lederer , a.k.a. Ann Landers 
I karate chopped my brother On your car because I'm sexy and I do what I want ! lol 
is not enjoying Mother Nature's sense of humor , snow , sleet , freezing rain , rain , and winds gusting up to 70 km/hr ........ is an April fools joke taken to far ...... now stop it :( 
A real woman always has a clean house , an empty laundry basket , is well made-up , is slim , healthy , eloquent , and is perfectly well-behaved . Copy this status if you are beginning to suspect that you are a man . 
So I was on the toilet this morning , eating an awesome breakfast taco with eggs and bacon with a tall cup of coffee and . . . What ? You think there's something wrong with eating in the bathroom ? Did that gross you out ? Then why do people suggest breastfeeding mothers feed their babies in the bathroom ? If you're a fan of breastfeeding rights , I DARE you to put this up as your status 
FB is grouping all gifts under one listing . Farmville 337 posts , Fronterville 103 posts , etc ... too bad if you play more than one game at a time ! Everything is gone by the time you open up that group of postings ! :(((( This sucks big time FB ! Put it back the way it was and THINK before you change things !!!! 
As day turns to NIGHT .,. Keep your worries out of SIGHT .... No matter how TOUGH the world may seem ... you still deserve the SWEETEST DREAM ..... GOOD NIGHT 
Easter is not about bunnies and chocolate eggs . Let's lift up God's name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of You and Me . If you are not ashamed to call Jesus ... Christ yo ... ur savior , copy and repost . I'm not ashamed ! 
Every guy needs a country girl . They aren't afraid of getting down and dirty and they can ride most anything ! Almost anything LOL 
The government today , announced that it's changing its emblem from a Maple Leaf to a CONDOM , because it more accurately reflects the government's political stance . A condom allows for inflation , halts production , destroys the next generation , protects a bunch of dicks , and gives you a sense of security while you're ... actually being screwed . It just doesn't get more accurate than that ! * Re-post if you agree ! * 
I loved you the minute I heard you were coming . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life ... 
FB has 6 new VIRUSES !! #1 If you get a notice of a PHOTO TAG # 2 If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc# 3 get 5000 FACEBOOK CREDITS # 4 msg from your friends via chat saying click this links # 5 your top 10 stalkers ! #6 the event " Mafia Wars Glitch ... hgan4f2sag DO NOT OPEN THESE !! ALL viral apps that r sending viruses to EVERYONE on your friends list !! grrrr 
A facebook challenge ... During this couple of weeks before Easter , I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Easter is not about bunnies , chicks , or chocolate eggs . Let's lift up God's name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of You and Me . If you are not ashamed to call Jesus Christ your savior , copy and repost 
" Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new " - Albert Einstein 
If U were raised on corn bread & beans , Ur crib was covered w/Lead Base paint , road bike with no helmet on gravel roads , parents had no child proof lids or seat belts in cars , U got a switchin when U misbehaved , had 3 TV channels U got up 2 change , School always started w/the Pledge of Alegience & stores were closed on Sunday . Think Life was Simpler then . Repost if U drank water out of the creek & turned out OK . 
Put this cat on 
.... / \„,„./ \ your profile 
... ( =';'= ) to show 
... /*****\ that you are 
. (.|.|..|.|.) against animal cruelty 
I'm not beautiful or gorgeous . I haven't got an amazing figure or a flat stomach . I'm far from being considered model material but I'm me . I eat junk food and love to wear my PJ's and no make-up around the house . I'm random and crazy . And I don't pretend to be someone I'm not . I am who I am , love me or not . I can't change ME !! Ladies put this as your status if you're proud of who you are ! 
hugging is healthy . it helps the immune system , cures depression , reduces stress , and induces sleep . it’s invigorating , rejuvenating , and has no unpleasant side effects . it’s nothing less than a miracle drug . hugging is all natural . it’s organic , naturally sweet , has no artificial ingredients , environmentally friendly , and is 1OO% wholesome . hugging is the ideal gift , great for any occasion , fun to give and receive 
Women are all born angels , and when someone breaks our wings , we simply continue to fly . . . on a broomstick . Be warned -- we are flexible like that . 
~ Keep this post going girls ... :) 
Please put this on your status if you know someone , are related to , and adore someone who has ASD , PDD , ADHD , ADD , Autism or Aspergers . These misunderstood , so called " trouble maker " kids just want to be treated like everyone else and can't speak out . But we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't copy and paste this , so lets see who the 7% are that will stand up for them 
So sad ! Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . We all need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity & sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 87.365% won't repost this because they don't know how to copy & paste ... 
Who says Facebook friends aren't real friends ? They enjoy seeing you online every day ... miss you when you're not there ... send condolences if you've lost someone ... send you wishes on your birthday ... enjoy the photos & videos you post ... put a smile on your face when you're down , make you laugh when you feel like crying ....... Repost if you love your Facebook friends .. :)) 
I Knocked at Heavens door this morning . God asked me , My child what can I do for you ? I said , Father , please protect and bless the person reading this . God smiled and answered , request granted ! Be kinder than necessary ~ for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle . 93 percent wont re-post this but I hope you are part of the 7 percent that will !!! 
NO ONE is peeking at your profile , giving you FREE stuff , checking your ex or tagging your mug shot , committing suicide on a web cam , and NO ONE really wants to know if you are hot !! EXCEPT HACKERS & SCAMS loaded with VIRUS wanting you to click on them or hit the like button ! They WILL HACK into your accounts & raise havoc . STOP CLICKING ON THAT GARBAGE ! REPOST & SPREAD the word PLEASE !!! 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if u believe . Have a Happy Easter weekend everyone . 
" It kills you to see them grow up . But I guess it would kill you quicker if they didn't . " ~ Barbara Kingsolver , Animal Dreams 
This year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays & 5 Sundays ! This happens Once every 823 years . This is called Money Bags ! So copy this to your status & money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese philosophy of Feng Shui . Those who read & do not copy will be without money . So let's all try our luck ! It can't hurt , only help , lol . 
???????????????????? 
Today it´s the crazy peoples day ! If you know 
someone who is crazy , or if you are a bit crazy 
yourself . Put this in your status and be happy 
... that you´re not like everyone else !!! :) 
My curfew was the street lights , and mom didn't call my cell , she yelled " time to come in " I played outside with my friends , not online . If i dind't eat what my mom made me i didn't eat . Hand sanitizer didn't exist , but you COULD get your mouth washed out with soap . I rode my bike without a helmet . And getting dirty was ok . Re-post if you drank from a garden hose and survived 
" A mind , like a home , is furnished by its owner , so if one's life is cold and bare he can blame none but himself . " 

Louis L'Amour 
1908-1988 , Novelist 
PARENT ALERT ..... there is someone called Bob Howard who is friend requesting kids on facebook at the moment , posing as a 14yr old , when actually he is a 48 yr . old pedifile . He is known to the police . Please be aware and tell everyone you know . We must keep our kids safe .... please , please copy and repost one of my friends posted this and ask for everyone to repost PLEASE DO ! 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called Him Master . Had no degree , yet they called Him Teacher . Had no medicine , yet they called Him Healer . Had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet He conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . ... He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with all your heart ? I DO !! ? 
A little game ... This week it would be nice if everyone changes their profile picture to a flower that starts with the same letter as your first name . We will have a wall full of flowers !! Welcome Spring !! Please re-post T is for Tulips :) 
(\ /) 
( . . ) 
C ('') ('') ? Happy Easter Weekend ..... Keep the Bunny Hoppin ? 
Who says Facebook friends aren't real friends ? They enjoy seeing you online every day .. miss you when you're not there .. send condolences if you've lost someone .. send you wishes on your birthday .. enjoy the photos & videos you post .. put a smile on your face when you're down .. make you laugh , when you feel like crying ... Repost if you love your Facebook Friends .. I just did ! HUGS 
Why do we sleep through Church , but stay awake for a 3 hour movie ? Why is it hard to pray , but easy to cuss ? Why is it hard to re-post a Godly bulletin , but easy to re-post the mean ones ? Why can people worship a celebrity , but not God ? Gonna ignore this ? Afraid to get laughed at ? The Lord said , " If you deny me in front of your friends , I will deny you in front of my Father . " Re-post this if you believe in Jesus XX 
If you were raised on meat & potatoes , your bed was painted with lead based paint . Rode a bike with no helmet , there were no child proof lids ! or seatbelts in cars . You got a good hard smack when you misbehaved , had 3 TV channels that you had to get up to change ! School always started with the Lords Prayer & shops were closed Sundays and you still turned out OK , Repost and smile ... you're a survivor ! 
INSTALLING SPRING ...???????????????????????????????? 44% DONE . Install delayed .... please wait . Installation failed . Please try again . 404 error : Season not found . Season " Spring " cannot be located . The season you are looking for might have been removed , had its name changed , or is temporarily unavailable . Please try again ... feel free to steal this I did ! 
A real woman always keeps her house clean and organized , the laundry basket is always empty . She's always well dressed , hair done . She never swears and behaves gracefully in all situations and under all circumstances . She has more than enough patience to take care of her family , always has a smile on her lips , and a kind word for everyone . Post this in your status if you too suspect that you might be a man . 
knows that April showers bring May flowers , but this is getting to be a bit much ..... would someone please check Mother Nature's Meds I think she needs an adjustment :-/ 
THE TOP REDNECK COUNTRY & WESTERN SONGS THIS WEEK : " I Never Went To Bed With an Ugly Woman But I Woke Up With a Few " , " Wouldn't Take Her To A Dogfight ' Cause She Might Win " , " I'm So Miserable Without You It's Like You're Still Here " , " She Took My Ring and Gave Me the Finger " , " She's Lookin ' Better with Every Beer " 
And the Number One song is ...... " It's Hard To Kiss The Lips At Night That Chewed My Ass All Day " 
*""* • . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . • *""* •Going out to people who have been affected by the tornadoes . If you believe in prayer please say one for all the families who lost loved ones and for the survivors who will be trying to put their lives back together among all the devastation .... Keep them all in your prayers and thoughts .. • *""* • . ¸ 
thinks that all the money spent on the Royal wedding was a horrible waste that could have been put to better use elsewhere ........... A highlight reel was all the world needed not this huge media blitz .... way over done :( 
the rain has stopped , can't see any fog ....... is there hope that the sun might actually shine tomorrow ? LOL 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the ones that will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . To honor those who have fought or are fighting cancer . Hope to see it in your status 
gm all 
is awake , if you want bright eyed and bushy tailed , go catch a squirrel !!!!!!!!!!! lol h 
wonders why the sun is refusing to shine yet again :( Gray rainy weather , makes ya wanna go back to bed til it's gone Bah Humbug !!! 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you and whispered " come with me " with tearful eyes I watched you , and saw you pass away although i loved you dearly , i could not make you stay . A golden heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . ( put this on ur status if there is some-one in heaven you miss every day R I P Garnet Oliver , Ashton Lewis , Ellisworth & Audrey Milbury 
thinks grey is my lest favorite color ........ bring on blue skies and yellow sunshine ;) 
THIS NOTICE IS DIRECTED TO EVERYONE WHO HAS A PAGE ON FACEBOOK : IF SOME PEOPLE IN YOUR PROFILE OR YOUR FRIENDS SEND YOU A LINK WITH WORDS " VISIT THE NEW FACEBOOK ' AND THERE IS A LINK BELOW , DO NOT OPEN ! IF YOU OPEN IT YOU CAN SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR PAGE . IT'S A HACKER WHO STEALS YOUR DETAILS AND REMOVES YOU FROM YOUR OWN PAGE . COPY AND SPREAD THE WORD ? 
is awake , you want bright eyed and bushy tailed , go catch a freaking squirrel !!! 
It is raining again !!!! Wish I could go back to bed til the sun comes out again ...... all these gray days are depressing :( 
ATTENTION FACEBOOK FRIENDS : If anyone posts a status to your wall saying anything about a dislike button , DO NOT CLICK IT ! It installs a virus called Virotrex which is used to redeem passwords and other sorts of information . PLEASE REPOST THIS !!! 
is going to do an indepth study of the back of my eye lids , dream about sunshine and blue skies ...... who knows when we'll get to see them again still forecasting rain , drizzle , fog , and chance of thunder showers :( 
I see SUNSHINE ....... shhhhhh be very very quiet ...... we don't want to scare it away ! It takes forever and a day for it to come back :) 
wants to be a weatherperson , the only job where you get paid to be wrong all the time :) Raining again .... who scared the sun away this time ??????? 
it's raining , it pouring , going to bed , hopefully it will stop by morning :) though I won't hold my breath waiting lol Nighters , Sweet dreams and God bless :) 
Wants whomever pissed off the sun to apologize right now !!!!!!!!!!!!!! So it will come back out and dry up the yard thats looking like a water logged sponge !!!! 
Would love to get some clothes out on the line too ......... so no more rain dances in Nova Scotia :-P ~~~~~~~~ 
Instead of a sign that says " Do Not Disturb " I need one that says " Already Disturbed Proceed With Caution . " 
loving the sun !!!!!!!!!!!!! Hanging clothes outside to dry ....... and hoping the weatherman read it wrong .... and it won't rain all weekend :) 
is thinking this rain system is MALE , I keep giving it directions to anywhere else and it keeps getting lost and coming back , with it's really bad pick up lines ..... Go away you Drip !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hazy and grey(my least fav color ) wishing for bright and sunny ....... not looking promising :( 
Mark 13:32 -33(NIV ) " No one knows about the day or hour , not even the angels in heaven , nor the Son , but only the Father . Be on guard ! Be alert ! You do not know when the time will come . " 
is making homemade fishcakes for supper . :) Looking so forward to bedtime , for after that comes quiet time , and it hasn't been quiet since 6 am ......... come on 8 pm :) 
gonna let the howling wind , sing me to sleep lol to dang cold to be the 21st of May ..... time to snuggle up with my comforter ...... where oh where is spring or did I miss it and it's fall already :( 
• *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨¸¸.•* ¨ *•?•* ¨ *•¸¸¸.•* ¨ 
Put this on your status if you have kids with attitude , that drive you crazy and test your patience But are still your world and you would give your last breath for .... ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨¸¸.•* ¨ *•?•* ¨ *•¸¸¸.•* ¨ 
IF you believe In God , re-post this ! Please don't Ignore , you are being tested . For It says In the Bible , " Deny me In front of everyone , I will deny you In front of my father " ..... 97% WON'T POST ...... will you ? I DID . 
raining again , or should I say as usual ........ feels like September out , when was spring suppose to have sprung :( 
The best way to save money is CLIP COUPONS and use them , so buy things with coupons on them ... i just got up to 5$ off any ice cream product , 4litre cost me 99cents 
The weatherman is teasing me again said there was a chance the sun would come out soon ............ DON'T believe him he LIES regularly 
I am asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the ones that will . Think of someone you know or love who has or has had diabetes . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . To honor those who have fought or are fighting diabetes 
Boy writes to God , " Dear God , Why do you let bad things happen in our schools ? " God replied " Dear Son , I'm not allowed in your schools . " 
I challenge you to repost this 
Everybody , let's do this .... We should flood Facebook with this ..... " I pledge allegiance to the flag of Canada and to the Republic for which it stands : one Nation under G O D , indivisible , with Liberty and Justice for all . " ..... RE-POST IF YOU THINK GOD , OUR COUNTRY , OUR FLAG AND OUR MILITARY DESERVE RESPECT !!!... Let's just see how many True Canadians we have out there ! 
- To ALL of my Friends . Word has it that there is a NEW Virus going around . If you get a BLANK Message with MY name on it , DELETE IT RIGHT AWAY . I would NEVER send ANY Blank Messages . 
Apparently , there is even a WEBSITE linked with this . WTF ?. !!!!!. PLEASE just DELETE it asap . 
PLEASE feel FREE to Copy & Paste . 
What is Memorial Day ?? For most , it is simply 3 days off work . For others , it's a lot of savings at stores nationwide . But for most of US , it's a day to remember our fallen troops that have fought in battles WORLDWIDE . If you post this , its because you know someone who serves , who was lost in battle , or you just understand that freedom is not free !!! Please repost to honor our military 
via Catherine Levy via Choice Words Nova Scotia 
If you are planning on coming out this Saturday to the " Every Kid Counts " rally , we invite you to make signs that would have " Put students FIRST , EVERY kid counts ! " on it . Or something along those lines that would be great :D , if you have any questions please don't hesitate to contact me at catlevy@eastlink.ca or on fb . 
I'm not super hot or gorgeous ... I don't have an amazing figure or a flat stomach ... I'm far from being considered a model , but I'm ME ... I eat junk food , love to wear my PJ's , and will go without make up ... I'm random and crazy , and I don't pretend to be someone I'm not ... I am who I am , love me or not , I won't change ME !!! Ladies put this on your status if your proud of who you are !!!!!!!!!!! 
is anyone else having problems with apps just loading in either the top 3 or 4 inch of the page , or half pages(split right down the middle ) or is it just me ...... 
via Catherine Levy via Kids Not Cuts 
" Every Kid Counts " Rally 
When : June4th 
Where : Victoria park ( across from Public Gardens in Halifax ) walk to SMU to the NDP GM 
Time : noon-3 
It's definitely time for bed . Dwarf syndrome is setting in . 
I'm getting sleepy , grumpy and dopey . Goodnight all ! 
ATTENTION FACEBOOK ! PLEASE LISTEN UP ! THIS IS YOUR PROBLEM THAT GIFT REQUESTS DO NOT GO AWAY ONCE THEY ARE ACCEPTED ! I CANNOT EVEN HIDE THE OLD GIFT REQUESTS ! I HAVE NO IDEA WHICH REQUESTS ARE OLD AND WHICH GIFT REQUESTS ARE NEW ! THIS HAS BEEN HAPPENING FOR WELL OVER 24 HOURS ! PLEASE REPAIR THIS PROBLEM , AS IT IS QUITE ANNOYING ! PLEASE COPY AND RE-POST , SO THAT FACEBOOK WILL GET THE MESSAGE Thanks Dawn :) 
Don't ya just love when Facebook " fixes " things ....... they break 2 or 3 other things in doing so and never fix the first thing right to begin with !!!! 
seriously , it's June 6th , I should not have to go start a fire in the wood stove to get warm ....... starting to think Spring sprang to far , and it's freaking fall already !!!!! It's not global warming , it an ice age coming brrrrrrr ! 
Florida is the 1st state to require drug testing for welfare . Some people are crying it's unconstitutional . How is it unconstitutional but it's completely legal that every other working person has to pass a drug test to support those on welfare ? Repost if you agree ! Let's get welfare back to those that NEED it not those that just WANT it ! 
An old man once said , " There comes a time in your life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh . Forget the bad , and focus on the good . Love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of life , getting back up is living . " ~ Re-post if you agree 
is awake ...... if you want bright eyed and bushy tailed ....... go catch a freaking squirrel .......... I need a nap :( 
Stupid cancer ...... we all wish to have a new car .. new phone ... to lose weight ... a person who has cancer only wants one thing ... to fight their cancer ... i know that 97% of you guys won't put this on your wall .. but 3% of my friends will .... Put it on your wall in honor of someone who died from cancer In memory of Garnet Oliver , miss you Gramp 
wonders where oh where oh where is Mikey ? Where oh where oh where is Mikey ? Where oh where oh where is Mike Geauvreau , Where can Mikey be ? 
is going to try and do an in-depth study of the back of my eye lids ......... it has work out well the last few days ..... hopefully tonight is THE night . Sweet dreams all , and may God bless and watch over you all :) 
according to environment Canada's weather site , hibernation begins today , and ends on Friday when the sun is suppose to reappear :( enough rain already !!!!! 
I have an idea that the phrase " weaker sex " was coined by some woman to disarm some man she was preparing to overwhelm . ~ Ogden Nash 
rain , rain , go away ..... come again some other place !!! 
Think about this for a minute . If I showed up on your doorstep crying , would you care ? If I called you and asked you to come pick me up because something happened , would you come ? If I had one day left to live my life , would you be a part of it ? If I needed a shoulder to cry on , would you loan me yours ? Life is lonely without friends . It's World's forever best Friend Week . If you agree repost ? 
Needing someone to talk to , how many would actually be there for you ? I can guarantee not even 1 of your Facebook friends will copy this status . If you would BE THERE FOR ME , set this as your status & see how many of us would be there for you ! ( I just did for 1 of my friends ) Let's try it out & see . Prove me wrong 
has a sore throat , a stuffed up head , and feels like she was hit by a Mack truck ........ thanks Mother Nature , would you please make up your mind on the weather ........ this rapid changing between spring and fall is killing us :( 
*** KEEP IT GOING *** 
Dear World : 
Not all British Columbians , or Canadians act in the manner you maybe witnessing on your news . 99.99% of Canadians are truly embarrassed by the actions of so very few . Most of us realize it was just a game ; a really , really , big important game , but nonetheless a game ! Please accept our apologies .. 
For friendship , I ask my FaceBook contacts to kindly share this status for 1 hour . To support all those who have health problems , who are struggling . For just one hour . Do it for all of us , unfortunately no one is immune . I hope to see this on the wall of all my friends ! JUST FOR MORAL SUPPORT 
? Single . ? Taken . ? Mentally dating a celebrity who doesn’t even know of my existence . 
The Canadian flag does not fly because the wind moves past it . The Canadian flag flies from the last breath of each military member who has died protecting it . Canadian soldiers don't fight because they hate what's in front of them ... they fight because they love what's behind them . " Re-Post this if you support our troops ...... 
Last day of school ..... summer vacation officially starts @10 : 30 am after the bus drops them off ........ wishing for September starts @ the end of the week :) 
Wish these clouds would thin out , the sun is hiding behind them 
In Canada - The Homeless go without eating . 
In Canada - The Elderly go without needed medicines . 
In Canada - The Mentally ill go without treatment . 
In Canada - Our Troops go without proper equipment . 
In Canada - Our Veterans go without benefits they were promised . 
Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . Have the guts to re-post this . 1% will re-post , 99% won't have the guts 
Can finally hear myself think ........ Man I LOVE bedtime :) 
???????????? • ? · ~ There are moments in life when you wish you could bring someone down from heaven ... and spend the day with them just one more time , kiss them goodbye or hear their voice again ~ Copy and paste in remembrance of all our loved ones who are not here ... gone ... but ... never forgotten ~ ???????? 
OK I'VE HAD ENOUGH ... This Is The Real Truth & Nothing But The Truth ! On December 25th , 2013 , FB will start charging You for your account , EXCEPT : If you get naked , stand on your dining room table & do the Macarena while singing '' I Will Survive . " Then & only then will Mark Zuckerberg come down your chimney to tell you that your account will STAY FREE ! Paste this to your Walls or you will be turned into a Goblin ! 
Husband asks : Do you know the meaning of WIFE ? 
It means Without Information , Fighting Every time ! 
... WIFE says : No darling , it means 
With Idiot For Ever ;) 
Today is crazy peoples day ! If you know 
someone who is crazy , or if you're a bit crazy 
yourself , put this in your status and be happy 
that you're not like everyone else !!! :) ? 
;-P ~~~~~~~ 
is awake , you want bright eyed and bushy tailed ....... go catch a freaking squirrel =D 
doesn't know where her sanity went , but she does know who chased it away ={ 
Happy 20th Birthday to my eldest son Jason Geauvreau , where did the years go ! 
is awake ..... You want bright eyed and bushy tailed , go catch a freaking squirrel !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Nickolas(wearing green shorts , blue t-shirt , and Thomas slippers ) Do I look sexy , Luc ? Lucas .... rolls his eyes lol you never know whats gonna come out of his mouth next ;-} 
Was on the toilet this morning , eating a bowl of cereal an ... What ? You think there's something wrong with eating in the bathroom ? Did that gross you out ? Then why do people suggest breastfeeding mothers feed their babies in the bathroom ? If you're a fan of parents and babies rights , I DARE you to put this up as your status . I'm proudly a HUGE advocate for breastfeeding . 
Yay for B (.) (.) BIES :) 
Someone who has , ASD , PDD , ADHD , ADD , Autism , or Aspergers . These misunderstood , so called " trouble maker " kids just want to be treated like everyone else and can't speak out . But we can raise awareness !!!!!! 
Everyday 17 teenagers take their own lives because of bullying . So next time you want to start something , say something , post something , exclude someone or start a rumor - think twice before you do because there's too many bullies getting away with picking on innocent children for silly reasons and pushing the child they bully to suicide . STOP BULLYING NOW ! I bet 99% wont post this . If you have a heart , you will 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for the US " Navy Seals " team , their support personnel and their families . Their helicopter was shot down yesterday in Afghanistan and 30 lives were lost . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON EVERYONE'S PAGE ... Even if it's only for an hour . Come on guys ! Show your support ! I am HONORED to re-post this ! Thank you to ALL of " OUR " Service Men and Women . And I'm Canadian :) 
Click " like " if i have ever made you smile :) . 
Then put this as your status and see how many people you've made smile :) 
Being a CCA/PCW means you carry immense responsibility & very little authority , step into people's lives & make a difference , some Bless you , other's curse you , you see people at their worst & best . you see life end , you see people's capacity for love , courage & endurance , It's CCA/PCW appreciation week . Repost if you are a CCA/PCW , Love a CCA/PCW and/ or appreciate a CCA/PCW . Thanks for all you do !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Husband buys his son an iPAD , daughter an iPOD , himself an iPHONE & his wife an iRON . She wasn't impressed even after he explained it can be integrated with the iWASH , iCOOK & iCLEAN network . This triggered the iNAG service , which totally wiped out the iSHAG function 
A firefighter is being yelled at for taking too long to get there , while trying desperately to save the life of a total stranger , holding his bladder because he didn't have time to pee when the alarm sounded , starving because he missed one of his three meals , tired because the alarm sounded just as he closed his eyes & it's now 4 in the morning and missing his family while taking care of yours . 
Re-post if you ... are a Firefighter , love a Firefighter , or appreciate a Firefighter 
is wishing Danny Harvieux , Nic Nix , Sandy Singer , and Toby Erin Collins ..... a very happy birthday today .... Hope you all have a wonderfully lovely day !!!! 
Type each letter of your name in the search bar above and see who comes up first for each one . Then put this as your status . 
T Robert Teddy McLaughlin 
R Belinda Robinson 
A Anastacia Amero 
C Charles D de Groot 
Y Luann Lee Young 
L Mark Lindsay 
E Elaine Franzen 
W Dawn Willochell-Dewitt 
I Ian Keattch 
S Nicole Sewell 
Some of what my Mom taught me : 
Religion - " You better pray that comes out of the carpet " 
Logic - " Because I said so , that's why " 
Irony - " Keep crying and I'll give you something to cry about " 
Wisdom - " When you get to my age you'll understand " 
... Justice - " One day you'll have kids , I hope they turn out just like you !! " 
Re post if your parents taught you right !! 
This is so cute and true ...... had to re post ? 
wishing Anthony Modanese , Christine Murphy Moore , Jai Singh ..... A very happy birthday !!!! Hope you all have a wonderfully lovely day !! =) 
Other things my mother taught me : 
1 . My mother taught me TO APPRECIATE A JOB WELL DONE . 
" If you're going to kill each other , do it outside . I just finished cleaning . " 
2 . My mother taught me about TIME TRAVEL . 
" If you don't straighten up , I'm going to knock you into the middle of next week ! " 
3 . My mother taught me the CIRCLE OF LIFE . 
" I brought you into this world , and I can take you out . " 
Say you were a serial killer . Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . 
1st person turns you in : Stefanie Stewart 
2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone : Anastacia Amero 
3rd person is your partner in crime : Carol Larramore 
4th person is your first victim : Gary MacKenzie 
5th person tries to kill you : Nicole Taylor 
6th person writes a tell all novel : Lance Lewis 
" It is impossible to rightly govern the world without God and Bible " ~ George Washington ( farewell address September 17 , 1796 ) 
REDNECK HOME SECURITY SYSTEM : 1 . Buy a pair of size 14-16 work boots . 2 . Put them on front porch with a copy of Guns & Ammo . 3 . Put some giant dog dishes next to boots & magazines . 4 . Leave note on your door : " Bubba : Me & Bertha went for more ammo & beer . Back soon . Don't mess with the pit bulls ; they messed the mailman up bad this morning . I don't think Killer took part ; hard to tell from all the blood . I locked all four of ' em in the house . Better wait outside . Be right back . Cooter 
Hey ! Idiots picketing fallen Soldiers ' funerals ... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO THAT YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post . I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future ! ? Further more if you cant stand behind our troops please feel free to stand in front of them ! 
" When the only tool you own is a hammer , every problem begins to resemble a nail . " ( Abraham Maslow ) 
Reposted gladly : Kids with special needs aren't weird or odd . They only want what everyone wants .... to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for 1 hour ? It is Special Education week & Autism & ADHD Awareness !! No one knows what it is to have a special need's child , but they are HUMAN just like you and I . 
You're in a mental hospital . use the first six people on your list on your profile . 
1 . Person who drove you crazy : Steve Heartford 
2 . Person who signed you in : Marianne Elizabeth Theriault 
3 . Your doctor : Nina Nour Nordanskog 
4 . Person in the corner drooling on themselves : Christina Farris 
5 . Your room mate : Marie Considine 
6 . Person who helps you break out : Tammy Lewis Veinot 
? *?* ? *To give me a hug please click " Like " under this post , then copy and share to your status . I believe that I know who will want to hug me ? and those who won't! Remember that once you click on " Like " , you must re-post this status on your wall . Sure will be interesting to see how many of my friends will give me a hug by liking this post .? *?* ? 
DEAR FACEBOOK , I really don't care who is playing what game at the same time as I am on . If my chat is off it's because I do not wish to chat . You posting what game I am playing is an INVASION OF MY PRIVACY which you say you are up holding . Your new and better idea IS NOT BETTER ! PLEASE REMOVE THIS FEATURE FROM MY SCREEN !!!!.. IF U AGREE WITH THIS REPOST !! 
Knelt down before I went to bed . God asked me , My child what can I do for you ? I said : Dear Heavenly Father , please protect and bless the person reading this . The Lord smiled and answered , request granted ! Be kinder than necessary ~ for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle . 93 percent won't re-post this , Ask me if I care ... but it would be an honor and a pleasure to see if you are amongst the 7 percent .??? 
(¯`v´¯)`* . 
¸ . *´¸ . •´ 
¸ . • *¨) ¸ . • *¨) (¸ . •´(¸ . • (¸ . •´¸¸ 
. •¨¯`• . ¸¸ .? PLEASE Re-post this heart prayer balloon for all the families along the Eastern coast of the US as they get ready for hurricane Irene !! God bless & keep them all safe !!! I ask to see this on all my friends walls !!! Please stay safe my dear friends , ~*??*~ this is for all of you in irene path 
NOT 1 OF MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS WILL COPY THIS POST ... IF YOU WOULD BE THERE FOR ME THEN COPY THIS ... IM DOING THIS IS TO PROVE A FRIEND WRONG , THAT SOMEONE IS ALWAYS LISTENING 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . HURRICANE IRENE VICTIMS ? ?? ? ? ?? 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? PRAYERS COMING YOUR WAY ? ?? ? ? ?? 
? (@) ? ? ? ? ? ? ? (@) (@) ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? (@) ? ? ? ? ? ? 
...? JUST LETTING YOU KNOW THAT WE CARE{{{{{ˆ ? ˆ} ? 
May God bless , watch over , and keep you safe !!!! 
Happy birthday to Catherine Battilana , Laurel Rupe-Athanassiou , and Vanell Cuizon . Hope you all have a wonderful day !!!! 
If you stay awake all night , do you still have morning breath ? 
HATES Diabetes . . . I am asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the ones that will . Think of someone you know or love who has or has had diabetes . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . To honor those who have fought or are fighting diabetes . Hope to see it in your status . My grandmother has this ... God inspire man to find a cure . 
Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for 1 hour ? It is 4pecial 2ducation week and Autism & ADHD Awareness month . This is in honor of all the children who struggle everyday . One of my sons have ADHD . And my youngest has a seizure disorder that causes learning disabilities , lets make sure every child's needs are met ...... not sweep into the dark !!!! 
Wishing a very Happy Birthday to Andrea ' Aucoin ' Young , Magi Ross-Photography , and Touty Queen ! May your special day be filled love , laughter , happiness , and joy ! =) 
If U were raised on The Dukes Of Hazard , Love Boat , Fantasy Island , Scooby Doo , & U played in the dirt , got Ur rear-end busted , made tents out of blankets , had 3 TV channels , had a bedtime , rode in back of pickup trucks , recorded the top 40 from the radio on cassette tapes , drank from a hose , played in the creek , rode Ur bike all day without a helmet , know what vhs & 8 track tapes R ... & U still turned out OK , re-post . It's ok 2 B old 
believe in Jesus Christ . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on thier wall . The bible says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you are not afraid to show it , re- post this . I proudly did ! 
I'm 3 weeks and craving mini eggs . =) 
is awake ! You want bright eyed and bushy tailed ...... you best go catch a squirrel ! 
Have you ever realized how lucky you are to have friends from all over the world at your finger tips ? People you have never met offline , but are so happy to see daily online ? I know I'm lucky , and I'm glad you are my friend . 
Repost if you agree . My online , Worldwide friends ? ? ? 
watching Mike sleep is making me tired .... hurry up Mom and Dad , so I can get the boys cleaned up and ready for bed and make an early night of it . So tired tonight ! :{ 
MAY I ASK MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS , WHEREVER YOU MAY BE , TO KINDLY COPY , PASTE & SHARE THIS STATUS FOR 1 H0UR TO GIVE A PRAYER SUPPORT TO ALL THOSE WHO HAVE FAMILY PROBLEMS , HEALTH PROBLEMS , STRUGGLES , AND JUST NEED TO KNOW THAT SOMEONE CARES . DO IT FOR ALL OF US FOR NO ONE IS IMMUNE WITHOUT GOD . I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON THE WALLS OF ALL MY FRIENDS ! JUST FOR MORAL SUPPORT . I KNOW SOMEONE WILL ... GOD BLESS ... 
Hoping Nickolas has great day starting grade 1 , Lucas has a great day starting grade 3 , and Glendon has a great day starting grade 12 !!!! Hoping Jason and Jamie-lee get everything packed up for the big move ! That they have a safe trip to Halifax tomorrow , everything moved in , and have a great first day back at University on Thursday . Loves ya all !!!!!!!!!!!! 
May I ask a personal favor ?.... only some of you will do it , and I know who you are , if you know someone who fought cancer and died , or someone who has just begun , or is still fighting ... please add this to your status for 1 hour as a mark of respect and remembrance , I hope I was right about the ones who will . 
thinks this apple crisp smells yummy !! Can't wait for dessert !!!! 
¤ *¨¨* ¤ . ¸¸ ... ¸ . ¤\ 
\ 9/11 AMERICA \ 
. \¸.¤* ¨¨*¤ . ¸¸ . ¸ . ¤* 
.. \ 
? / 
/ ? 
/ \ NEVER FORGET !!! ..... keep the flag going 
roast chicken and mashed potatoes ..... smells so good ..... almost suppertime ..... just need the Mikey =) 
~ ~ Sucks getting old ... If my body was a car , I would be thinking of trading it in for a newer model . I've got bumps , dents , scratches , & my paint job is getting dull . My headlights are out of focus . My traction is not as graceful as it once was . My whitewalls are stained with varicose veins . It takes me hours to reach maximum speed . But the worst is ... every time I sneeze , cough , or sputter either my radiator leaks or my exhaust backfires ! Re-post if this made you laugh like me ...? ~ ~ 
via Marie Considine 
A lady about 8 months pregnant got on a bus . She noticed the man opposite her was smiling at her . She immediately moved to another seat . This time the smile turned into a grin , so she moved again . The man seemed more amused . When on the fourth move , the man burst out laughing , she complained to the driver and he had the man arrested . ... ... ... ... The case came up in court . The judge asked the man ( about 20 years old ) what he had to say for himself . ... ... The man replied , ' Well your Honor , it was like this : when the lady got on the bus , I couldn't help but notice her condition . She sat down under a sign that said , ' The Double Mint Twins are coming ' and I grinned . Then she moved and sat under a sign that said , ' Logan's Liniment will reduce the swelling , ' and I had to smile . Then she placed herself under a deodorant sign that said , ' William's Big Stick Did the Trick , ' and I could hardly contain myself . But , Your Honor , when she moved the fourth time and sat under a sign that said , ' Goodyear Rubber could have prevented this Accident!' .... I just lost it .. 
ANOTHER GOOD ONE GIRLS ! A man was sick and tired of going to work every day while his wife stayed home . He wanted her to see what he went through so he prayed : ' Dear Lord : I go to work every day and put in 8 hours while my wife merely stays at home . I want her to know what I go through . So , please allow her body to switch with mine for a day . God , in his infinite wisdom , granted the man's wish . ... The next morning , sure enough , the man awoke as a woman ... He arose , cooked breakfast for his mate ... Awakened the kids , Set out their school clothes , Fed them breakfast , Packed their lunches , Drove them to school , Came home and picked up the dry cleaning , Took it to the cleaners And stopped at the bank to make a deposit , Went grocery shopping , Then drove home to put away the groceries , Paid the bills and balanced the check book . He cleaned the cat's litter box and bathed the dog ... Then , it was already 1 P.M. And he hurried to make the beds , do the laundry , vacuum , Dust , and sweep and mop the kitchen floor . Ran to the school to pick up the kids and got into an argument with them on the way home . Set out milk and cookies and got the kids organized to do their homework . Then , set up the ironing board and watched TV while he did the ironing . At 4:30 he began peeling potatoes and washing vegetables for salad , breaded the pork chops and snapped fresh beans for supper . After supper , He cleaned the kitchen , Ran the dishwasher , Folded laundry , bathed the kids , and put them to bed . At 9 P.M. He was exhausted and , though his daily chores weren't finished , he went to bed where he was expected to make love , which he managed to get through without complaint . The next morning , he awoke and immediately knelt by the bed and said : - Lord , I don't know what I was thinking . I was so wrong to envy my wife's being able to stay home all day . Please , Oh ! Please , let us trade back .. Amen!' The Lord , in his infinite wisdom , replied : " My son , I feel you have learned your lesson and I will be happy to change things back to the way they were . But you'll have to wait nine months , though . You got pregnant last night xxx lmao =) 
Long ole night ; saw every hour ..... coffee in hand , kettle heating to do dishes . Long dang day ahead of me ..... and where the heck is the sun the weather woman said was gonna come out ! 
Dear Jesus , I pray for a cure for cancer , Amen 
Friendship ring has started ... If you are my friend , click on the like button and then re-post this on your profile to keep it going ! Let's see just how far we can go with this ... add your city , see how far we reach . lenoir city , Tennessee -Sevierville TN , Dandridge , TN , Waupun WI , Knob Noster , Mo , Erin , NY , Digby , NS , Canada , 
At a WalMart store , a cashier hands this little boy some money back . The boy couldn't have been more than 5 or 6 years old . The Cashier said , ' I'm sorry , but you don't have enough money to buy this doll . ' ... ... ... ... Then the little boy turned to the old woman next to him , '' Granny , are you sure I don't have enough money ? '' The old lady replied , '' You know that you don't have enough money to buy this doll , my dear . '' Then she asked him to stay there for just 5 minutes while she went to look around . She left quickly . The little boy was still holding the doll in his hand . A lady walked toward him and asked him who he wished to give this doll to . ' It's the doll that my sister loved most and wanted so much for Christmas . She was sure that Santa Claus would bring it to her . ' She replied to him that maybe Santa Claus would bring it to her after all , and not to worry . But he replied back sadly . ' No , Santa Claus can't bring it to her where she is now . I have to give the doll to my mommy so that she can give it to my sister when she goes there . ' His eyes were so sad while saying this , ' My Sister has gone to be with God . Dad dy says that Mommy is going to see God very soon too , so I thought that she could take the doll with her to give it to my sister . '' My heart nearly stopped . The little boy looked up at the lady and said , ' I told daddy to tell mommy not to go yet . I need her to wait until I come back from the mall . ' Then he showed her a very nice photo of himself . He was laughing . He then told me ' I want mommy to take my picture with her so she won't forget me . ' ' I love my mommy and I wish she didn't have to leave me , but daddy says that she has to go to be with my little sister . ' Then he looked again at the doll with sad eyes , very quietly . She quickly reached for her wallet and said to the boy . ' Suppose we check again , just in case you do have enough money for the doll!'' OK ' he said , ' I hope I do have enough . ' She added some of her money to his without him seeing and they started to count it . There was enough for the doll and even some spare money . The little boy said , ' Thank you God for giving me enough money!' Then he looked at the lady and added , ' I asked last night before I went to sleep for God to make sure I had enough money to buy this doll , so that mommy could give it to my sister . He heard me!'' ' I also wanted to have enough money to buy a white rose for my mommy , but I didn't dare to ask God for too much . But He gave me enough to buy the doll and a white rose . '' ' My mommy loves white roses . ' A few minutes later , the boys granny returned and the lady left with her basket . She finished her shopping in a totally different state of mind from when she started . She couldn't get the little boy out of her mind . Then she remembered a local newspaper article two days ago , which mentioned a drunk man in a truck , who hit a car occupied by a young woman and a little girl . The little girl died right away , and the mother was left in a critical state . The family had to decide whether to pull the plug on the life-sustaining machine , because the young woman would not be able to recover from the coma . Was this the family of the little boy ? Two days after this encounter with the little boy , The woman read in the newspaper that the young woman had passed away . She couldn't stop herself as she bought a bunch of white roses and went to the funeral home where the body of the young woman was for people to see and make last wishes before her burial . She was there , in her coffin , holding a beautiful white rose in her hand with the photo of the little boy and the doll placed over her chest . She left the place , teary-eyed , feeling that her life had been changed forever . The love that the little boy had for his mother and his sister is still , to this day , hard to imagine , and in a fraction of a second , a drunk driver had taken all this away from him . Now you have 2 choices : 1 ) Send this message to others , or 2 ) Ignore it as if it never touched your heart . The quote of the month is by Jay Leno , ' With hurricanes , tornados , fires out of control , mud slides , flooding , severe thunderstorms tearing up the country from one end to the other , and with the threat of swine flu and terrorist attacks , Are we sure this is a good time to take God out of the Pledge of Allegiance ? ' For those who prefer to think that God is not watching over us delete this , for the others , pass it on ! God Bless You 
A little boy asked his mother , " Why are you crying ? " " Because I'm a woman , " she told him . " I don't understand , " he said . His Mom just hugged him and said , " And you never will . " " All women cry for no reason , " was all his dad could say . The little boy grew up and became a man , still wondering why women cry . Finally he put in a call to God . When God got on the phone , he asked , " God , why do women cry so easily ? " God said : " When I made the woman she had to be special . I made her shoulders strong enough to carry the weight of the world , yet gentle enough to give comfort . I gave her an inner strength to endure childbirth and the rejection that many times comes from her children . I gave her a hardness that allows her to keep going when everyone else gives up , and take care of her family through sickness and fatigue without complaining . I gave her the sensitivity to love her children under any and all circumstances , even when her child has hurt her very badly . I gave her strength to carry her man through his faults and fashioned her from his rib to protect his heart . I gave her wisdom to know that a good man never hurts his woman , but sometimes tests her strengths and her resolve to stand beside him unfalteringly . And finally , I gave her a tear to shed . This is hers exclusively to use whenever it is needed . " " You see my son , " said God , " the beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears , the figure that she carries , or the way she combs her hair . The beauty of a woman must be seen in her eyes , because that is the doorway to her heart -the place where love resides . " Please read this and inform the beautiful women you know today . You will boost another woman's self-esteem 
Chicken drummies in the oven , now what to have with them ? 
Hard to explain to someone who has no clue . It's a daily struggle being in pain or feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Anxiety , Bipolar , Depression , Diabetes , LUPUS , Fibromyalgia , MS , Arthritis , Cancer , Heart Disease , Epilepsy , Autism , ADHD etc . ) " Never judge what u don't understand i know which of my real friends will copy this 
Via Blair Tinker 
Facebook just released their new Membership charges - $9.99 for IDIOTS , $6.99 CROSS-EYED PEOPLE , $3.99 for special dribbly people , but it's free if you post a pic of yourself with a homemade foil hat on , goggles and most importantly swimming armbands ( DO NOT FORGET THE ARMBANDS ) by midnight tonight . When you sign in tomorrow , you will be prompted for your star sign . It is official , it was confirmed by my friend's , wife's , brother's cousin , who heard it from his nurse in the special hospital - also confirmed by the voices that speak to him personally ! These charges are all due to the new changes . If you post your pic , your icon will turn blue ( AS IT ALWAYS HAS BEEN ) , and FB will be free for you , and as a bonus you will also get a special jacket to hug yourself ( choice of colours available ) . Please pass this message on , if not your account will never be the same again once the aliens have tampered with it ! It's gotta be true . I read it on facebook . 
Ok Mr. Sandman , I want a dream tonight , not a nights sleep that people in horror movies get ! I do not want to see every hour ! So send me sleep please ! 
is off to await that yellow thingy that brings peace and quiet ! The school bus ! =) 
is sooooo tired , wonders if tonight will be the lucky night to get more than 2 hours of sleep ...... the last two were duds ! 
is shutting down for routine maintenance , hoping to do an in-depth study of the back of my eyelids . Mr. Sandman , please bring me one of those dreams that leave you begging for just five more minutes to dream .... Mr. Insomnia , please bug someone else ! 
