last day of freedom for a week or so ... :-( 
is hanging out here at navy schooling ....... 
wants a big steak dinner ... and soon ......... too bad it won't happen . 
is really tired and boredd ... 
is eating a 5 pound bag of peanuts 
kinda bored , but enjoying my free time . 
Liberty call , liberty call .. on the computer till 9 
is rele bored , want to get off the base and back home to some certain ppl ... 
is being lazy like usual ... should go to open learning tomorrow though . 
I walked forty-seven miles of barbed wire , I got a cobra snake for a necktie A brand new house on the road side , and it's a-made out of rattlesnake hide Got a band new chimney put on top , and it's a-made out of human skull Come on take a little walk with me baby , and tell me who do you love ? 
Uhhh , school time :-/ <3 jls 
lazy sunday wake up in the late afternoon ... 
is 2900 miles away from Jennifer Shortt and tomorrow is valentine's day .... :-/ 
is so bored , cant leave base , and the weather is literally perfect . I miss you babe <3 
I miss you babe . <3 happy valentines day 
really depressed , talk to me babe , i really miss you !! 
I'm a Lover not a fighter but I will Fight for what I Love ! jls <3 
FML , this sucks ! 
is loving his amazing girlfriend Jennifer Shortt . <3 
is loving the warm weather and his wonderful girl ! <3 
Ughh , i hate it ................ I miss my beautiful Girl Jennifer Shortt !! <3 
Wish you would step back from that ledge , my friend You could cut ties with all the lies that you've been living in And if you do not want to see me again I would understand , I would understand 
ughh , first night of class .... 7pm to 2 am .... hope i stay awake . jls <3 
it is difficult to know at what moment love begins ; it is less difficult to know that it has begun . 
ughh , monday ... less than 2 weeks and you will be here !! can't wait , I Miss You Babe ! <3 
is really bored , sucky weekend so far ... rain ..... 
watching Pinks ! all out on hulu 
kinda bored , what should i do ... hmmm ............ 
up early on a saturday ... and it is kinda rainy out here ... 
boredd , stupid rainy weather 
wow , less than one week separates us !! <3 
Missing someone gets easier every day because even though it's one day further from the last time you saw each other , it's one day closer to the next time you will ! 
There's this love that is burning Deep in my soul Constantly yearning to get out of control Wanting to fly higher and higher , I can't abide standing outside the fire <3 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftT0ek1158E 
NASCAR Daytona 500 
NO CHEATING : 
Post this as your status and see what people want from you . INBOX ONLY ! Comments should be deleted ! 
1 . A Second Chance 
2 . I like you now 
3 . I used to like you ... 
4 . Long Term Relationship . 
5 . Short term relationship 
6 . Friendship 
7 . To Chill 
8 . To Cuddle 
9 . Number 
10 . A Kiss 
11 . A Hickie 
12 . An Apology 
13 . A Hug 
14 . Simply to be Mine 
15 . I wanna marry you 
Woohoo !!!! Finally got rid of the crappy blackberry !!! 
bought iphone4 at 7:15 ... got home at 9:05 .... backedup and jailbroke said iphone4 at 9:26 
Food = happiness right now 
I can go out every night of the week 
Can go home with anybody I meet 
But it's just a temporary high ' cause when I close my eyes 
I'm somewhere with you , somewhere with you 
If you see me out on the town 
And it looks like I'm burning it down 
You won't ask and I won't say 
But in my heart I'm always somewhere with you 
Sleepp 
ughhh , more work in the morning ... well , atleast it is money 
so who feels like hanging out this rainy day ? 
quick vote ... should i get a car or a motorcycle ? 
Heaven help the fool who did her wrong 
It’s too late , too bad , she’s too far gone 
He should’ve thought of that before he left her all alone 
If she’s lonely now , she won’t be lonely long 
Yeah a picture paints a thousand words it's true 
But it's still not enough for how I feel about you 
Copy this and see what you get inboxed 
gold : be my valentine this year ? 
silver : i would go out with u 
red : i used to like you 
green : i wanna get to know you better 
blue : i love you 
purple : i wnna be friends 
pink : i like you 
black : i want a kiss ;) 
yellow : ur sweet 
white : ur a stranger 
brown : ur a cutie 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric ward together . Using four words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . Four words is harder than you think ! 
INSTRUCTIONS : Go to your profile . The top 5 friends that are in the left-hand sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? Kurt Eckner , Kevin Balls , Peter Glaras , Amanda Daigle , Christian Stockinger Set for life ! 
Parade time in the Milford green ! 
Live life fully while you're here . Experience everything . Take care of yourself and your friends . Have fun , be crazy , be weird . Go out and screw up ! You're going to anyway , so you might as well enjoy the process . Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes : find the cause of your problem and eliminate it . Don't try to be perfect ; just be an excellent example of being human . 
soo , pretty sure i am getting a 96 jetta gls 
Lonely is the night when you find yourself alone 
Your demons come to light and your mind is not your own 
Lonely is the night when there's no one left to call 
You feel the time is right -- (say ) the writin's on the wall 
Please vote , Which do you prefer based on the looks of the body , 2004 Mazda rx-8 , or 2000 Mazda rx7 
now has a 1992 chevy s10 blazer 
If you love something , let it go . If it comes back to you , its yours forever . If it doesn’t , then it was never meant to be 
Like a gift from the heavens , it was easy to tell 
It was love from above that could save me from hell 
She had fire in her soul it was easy to see 
How the devil himself could be pulled out of me 
Hmm , I feel like I have a couple problems with a certain curly haired fuck that needs a stiff punch in the side of the skull 
I love you , I have loved you all along 
And I forgive you for being away for far too long 
So keep breathing ? cause I ? m not leaving you anymore 
Believe it , hold on to me , never let me go 
Countless words , nor countless actions could ever define my feelings for you . True love defies definition . 
My level of agitation right now is immeasurable , I cannot wait for tonight 
See and this is why you dont tell your girlfriend the password to your account :P 
relaxing at the house with my wonderful girlfriend . <3 
Bar time 
NO CHEATING : 
Who wants to come to the blue cube around 7:30 with me ? 
thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes , time to change and go to the bar for a bit , hit me up if you wanna join 
I absolutely love my girlfriend Deanna ! 
Don't ever regret doing anything to get what never left your mind 
Distance never separates two hearts that really care , for our memories span the miles and in seconds we are there . But whenever I start feeling sad , because I miss you , I remind myself how lucky I am to have someone so special to miss . 
You make me smile like the sun 
Fall out of bed , sing like bird 
Dizzy in my head , spin like a record 
Crazy on a Sunday night 
You make me dance like a fool 
Forget how to breathe 
Shine like gold , buzz like a bee 
Just the thought of you can drive me wild 
Ohh , you make me smile 
She’d rather wear a pair of cut-off jeans than a fancy evening dress , 
And with her windows rolled down and her hair all blown around , she’s a hot southern mess ... <3 
Guess it is mom and girlfriend bonding time , both are laying on couches in the livingroom and don't feel good while I go to work 
Run your mouth when I'm not around 
It's easy to achieve 
You cry to weak friends that sympathize 
Can you hear the violins playing your song ? 
Those same friends tell me your every word 
Is there no standard anymore ? 
What it takes , who I am , where I've been , Belong 
You can't be something you're not 
Be yourself , by yourself 
Stay away from me 
A lesson learned in life 
Known from the dawn of time 
No one can make me cry 
Make me laugh 
Make me smile 
Or drive me mad like she does 
It's like a curse that is the cure 
Better or worse , one thing's for sure 
It's real love and I don't know what I'd do 
If I lost it . 
I'm gonna be here for you from now on 
This you know somehow 
You've been stretched to the limits 
But it's alright now 

And i'm gonna make you a promise 
If there's life after this 
I'm gonna be there to meet you 
With a warm , wet kiss . 
Filling out an app for an apartment in the next couple days , hopefully we will get this place ! <3 
My girlfriend is amazing !! And has the best ideas . I love her <3 
CAR IN MILFORD HOSPITAL PARKINGLOT CAUGHT FIRE , firetrucks and police are there , car is still smoking . 
Every time I see your face 
My heart takes off on a high speed chase 
Now don't be scared , it's only love 
That we're falling in 
I would never do you wrong 
Or let you down or lead you on 
Don't look down , it's only love 
Baby , that we're falling in 
My girlfriend is so completely amazing , she shows up to my work with a bag of mcdonalds and a large sweet tea . I love you so much babe ! <3 
Work is boring , it needs to be over nowww !!! I love you babe <3 
With my baby , happy as can be 
my cat is prolly being put down tomorrow , not happy at all about this 
Be very careful when you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came from a man's rib . Not from his feet to be walked on . Not from his head , for him to be superior . But from his side , to be equal . Under the arm to be protected , and next to the heart to be loved . Ladies , pass the word if you agree !!!! And guys , if you're any kind of man , you will believe this also , and will re-post too 
Just to see you smile , I'd do anything , that you wanted me to do . When all is said and done , I'd never count the costs , it's worth all that's lost , just to see you smile . <3 
Helluva day/night ... interesting , random , fun . Now I'm craving brownies 
Work till 6 , then with my babe for our anniversary ! :) . I love you 
i guess it is call of duty time , who is on live ? ilu babe . <3 
Sleep , then up at 6:45 to grab some d&d 
Dinner with DeAnna and the family then out for most of the night 
Work till 3 then out with my baby 
Hmmmm , I think it is time to drink and smoke hookah 
Oh boy , me and Deanna are going to Dance practice tonight , can't wait to see how this ends . 
Moving into my new apartment with my girl ! :) 
I hope everything is fine , I really don't want anything bad to happen to her 
Wonderful start to my day off 
Oh the way life works . :) 
Swimming , chilling , and grilling poolside with DeAnna Andrews and waiting for more people to show up . Happy fourth everybody 
movie night at the house , work in the am , then with deanna for the rest of the day at my sisters grad party 
I got satellite radio for free !! 
Risk more than others think is safe . 
Care more than others think is wise . 
Dream more than others think is practical . 
Expect more than others think is possible . 
Babysitting , 4 am ...... NO ! 
Disappointing for a hurricane , but plenty of pictures to post when the power comes back on 
Truck sold , now to get car 
Off to go pick up the new car 
DMV time .... Need I say more ? 
I appreciate what my dad does for me so much 
Got the invite from AT&T to take the entry exam for an awesome job with them ! 
Working long hours actually hurts 
Why can't they understand 
the way we feel 
They just don't trust 
what they can't explain 
I know we're different but , 
deep inside us 
We're not that different at all 
And you'll be in my heart 
Yes , you'll be in my heart 
From this day on 
Now and forever more 
Well , working today from 6am-7pm ..... fun 
13 more hours of work again today , then tomorrow off , then 2 more 13 hour days 
Going to eat dinner with Brendan and Arlene 
I absolutely adore this feeling that I feel when I'm with you , the feeling of complete happiness , the urge to do nothing and be more than content with doing just that . I wouldn't trade being with you for the world ! 
I Love you baby with all my heart , I don't know what I would ever do without you . 
Hangin with Kristen for a bit 
The saddest love is to love someone , 
to know that they still want you , 
but the circumstances don't let you have them . 
If we'd go again All the way from the start , I would try to change The things that killed our love . 
Tomorrow is Friday and payday !!! 
I’m six feet from the edge and I’m thinking 
That maybe six feet 
Ain’t so far down 
as always , with rain follows boredom ... :/ 
Can't you imagine how good going through this will make you feel ? 
I promise , no one will ever know 
There will be no chance of you getting caught 
They never loved you anyway 
So come on , be a man 
And do what you are compelled to do 
i honestly don't know what to say about what just happenned ............. :/ 
Had an awesome night lastnight , very unpredictable ! 
going somewhere , idk where yet , so call me and i'll meet up with you where ever 
Sunday , bloody sunday 
I don't understand why you don't like me 
Why don't you like me ? 
Am I so different from you 
Now does it scare you that I'm able to discern 
What to love and what to burn 
I'll add your fuel to the fire now 
Stand back , brother take your hand back 
Leave it and I might crack 
More than a smile or two you see 
Don't judge what you don't understand 
You can't deny what has been given to me 
wishes it was easier than it is ... i like things the way they were a month ago ... 
time to watch some NASCAR online cause i don't have a tv ... 
ahhh , such nice weather today , too bad it might rain tomorrow ..... :( 
who wants to come to cali and drive with me back to CT in a week and a half ?? 
apparently I speak with an english accent when I'm drunk 
woww , still awake , just going home now 
So this evening turned out to suck .... :( 
party was epic 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow 
Earthquake !!!!!! 
kinda happy now , can't wait to be home in 2 weeks !!! jls <3 
Gulf beachh , hit me up on my cell if you want to join 
Like this status if you'd care if I died . Put this as your status and see how many people actually care about you 
goodnight . <3 
oh you can't stop , Love 
Here I go again on my own goin ' down the only road I've ever known . Like a drifter I was born to walk alone . An ' I've made up my mind , I ain't wasting no more time . 
super bored ... text me ! 
Hate Bank Of America Sooo Muchh Right Now !!!! i want the company to go bankrupt and close ! 
The Boy Who Lived 
bored , only tuesday night ... 
arrgghhh , gamestop , you are epic fail 
Another slow day at the house .. Call or text and maybe we could have some fun . 
watching Bones on hulu .... feeling very happy for some reason 
Ughh , stuck at home , boredd ... :/ 
Homeward bound , be home tomorrow night !!!!! 
plans for todayy ? 
you've got to be tough when consumed by desire ' Cause it's not enough just to stand outside the fire Life is not tried , it is merely survived If you're standing outside the fire 
Bored , awake wayy too early , but can't fall back to sleep ... What to do ... any suggestions ? 
i hope i get the jobs ! 
I'm home at last !!! 
Bored , looking for something to do , somewhere to go 
Well I ain't first class , but I ain't white trash , wild and a little crazy too . Some girls don't like boys like me , ohh but some girls do . 
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with . 
Faith is the daring of the soul to go farther 
than it can see 
Bored , text or call me .. 
bored , talk to me please ?... 
I wanna curl into a ball and die 
Home , TV time .. call or text with plans for tomorrow 
poop 
do you really want to see who are your real friends ? fuck up and see who is still standing by your side 
it is never easy for someone to recognize they need something good in their life . what doesn't make sense is 
that they continue to say what they want and never realize it is right 
in front of their face all along . then , when the person leaves is when 
they realize , it was they who they needed from the beginning . 
if that person moved on , they missed their chance for having that person 
as a blessing in their life 
If you find somebody you can love , you can't let it get away . 
the weather out here in san diego is a calm 75 degrees everyday ..... 
kinda bored , you should call me cause my phone doesn't like texting 
watching House on hulu cause i have nothing better to do 
Hanging out with sandra . 
bored , prolly going out somewhere soon , call me to join ! 
When we need to talk turns into let's take a walk . Expect the worst , hope for the best . Even though you know you'll end up like the rest . Standing there in the end with nowhere to turn and nowhere to run . When minutes feel like forever and happiness turns to despair . I look at the past and think , how did this come to be , it used to be you and me standing side by side . Now I stand alone 
You can buy a boat and a shiny set of skis Have some fun in the sun , float around in the breeze You can lay out on a blanket by the lake Drink a cold beer , polish off another day Kick on back and watch the sky turn red A sunset aint a sunset Til you put a girl in it . 
Here's to a long life and a merry one A quick death and an easy one A pretty girl and an honest one A cold beer and another one ! 
When during sad times an angel should come to you , open your eyes and see who that angel is , for that is your one true love . 
True Love Is When Your Heart And Your Mind Are Saying The Same Thing . 
todays gonna suck , i can feel it already .... :/ 
out doing a couple things , then with a real cutie for a bit 
Bored , who is free this afternoon ?? 
Made it into new mexico so far ... 
At jen's , don't call or text 
Maybe I'm wrong , 
But I'm feeling right where I belong 
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes , today is a great day !! 
boredd , but can't wait till thursdayy !! 
She's gonna feel that fire The one that lets her know for sure She's everything I want and more Her real desire , Is to know I'd walk alone out on the wire Yeah , to make her feel that fire Ohh feel that fire 
Te quiero amor mio 
In Indiana , getting home in about 12 more hours 
Movies at the house 
Almost home , 2 more hours still 
Awesome weather , hanging with brendan and arlene later 
goood morningg mondayyy , haha 
add me on bbm . 20F85890 
why does everything seem to fall apart at the seams everytime it starts to look good ? 
We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us , something is valuable , worth listening to , worthy of our trust , sacred to our touch . Once we believe in ourselves , we can risk curiosity , wonder , spontaneous delight of any experience that reveals the human spirit . 
Hanging out at the mall , call , text 
I have never let anything have this much control over me 
I work too hard to call my life my own 
And I've made myself a world and it's worked so perfectly 
But it's your world now , I can't refuse 
Mall time , who wants to join ? 
She won't ever get enough 
Once she gets a little touch 
If I had it my way 
You know that I make you say 
whooooooo .. whooooo 
hmm , what can i do ..... i feel bored ... 
ARGGHHHHH ......... 
just got home , really enjoyed tonight alot ! going to sleep very soon 
From the moment I wake up , I just love being with my friends ! 
Mega bored ... not cool .. 
I just wish I could see you one more time . :( 
just dropped off Sandra .... bed , then doing a couple things in the morning , and Free for the rest of the day 
Not everyone knows that we make our own luck , but it's a fact that you count on every day . If some recent setback has brought you down , don't think of it as failure -- instead , see of it as a lesson to help aid your future success . What will you know to do for next time ? Once you've figured it all out , you can go back and tweak your original formula . You're sure to like your results next time . 
In my head there's only you now 
This world falls on me 
In this world there's real and make believe 
And this seems real to me 
I need ta get out of the house !! 
Becky was a beauty from South Alabama 
Her Daddy had a hard lock and nine pound hammer 
Think He even did a little time in the slammer 
What was I thinking ? 
She snuck out one night and met me by the front gate 
Her daddy came out waving that twelve gauge 
We tore out the drive , he peppered my tailgate 
had a good night , sleep soon ... nothing planned for tomorrow 
clutch master cylinder is bad ! and i am broke ... who wants to help ? 
atleast it isn't raining today 
good things happen to those who wait , and , everything that is meant to be will find a way 
<33 
i dislike the rain .... :\ 
Current residence ... milford hospital .... who wants to come visit me during the day ? 
Oh , you've gotta live every single day Like it's the only one , what if tomorrow never comes ? Don't let it slip away , could be our only one You know it's only just begun , every single day Maybe our only one , what if tomorrow never comes ? 
I like being tested . I get as scared as anyone . But the feeling of putting yourself on the line , betting on your talent and having it work ; that’s the most exhilarating feeling in the world . 
fuck my car , stupid shit just died , gonna try to fix it in the morning , don't wanna have to get refunds from dmv and my insurance cause of this pos 
what is everyone up to tonight ? 
yep , its that time again ...... christmas at the milford mall ....... 
Going to DeAnna Helen Andrews house for dinner in a little 
i like pancakes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that is all :) 
A man's love cannot be satisfied by beauty alone ; you're more than 
beautiful and that's why I love you ! 
Cause when a heart breaks no it don't break even 
Had such a good night/morning I haven't slept yet 
feeling kinda sick , prolly going to sleep soonish 
Biking around ,.... in west haven , where next , I don't know ... 
“Live life fully while you're here . Experience everything . Take care of yourself and your friends . Have fun , be crazy , be weird . Go out and screw up ! You're going to anyway , so you might as well enjoy the process . Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes : find the cause of your problem and eliminate it . Don't try to be perfect ; just be an excellent example of being human . " 
They say behind every man is a good woman 
But I think that's a lie 
' Cause when it comes to you I'd rather have you by my side 
I love summer weather ! 
If I hadn't met you , 
I wouldn't like you . 
If I didn't like you , 
I wouldn't love you . 
If I didn't love you , 
I wouldn't miss you . 
But I did , 
I do , and I will . 
If I could find you now things would get better 
We could leave this town and run forever 
I know somewhere , somehow we'll be together 
Let your waves crash down on me and take me away 
bored , think I'll walk to the mall for now 
There's a calm surrender to the rush of day 
When the heat of the rolling world can be turned away 
An enchanted moment , and it sees me through 
It's enough for this restless warrior just to be with you 
I am not PERFECT and this I don't claim to be , 
but I am as perfect for you as you are for me 
paranormal activity 2 was awesome 
Just started camping and I already miss you ... <3 
yeaaa , working for pepboys now :) 
well , at least there is non snow right now ... walking to the mall in a bit , text me if you wanna join me there 
Faith is the daring of the soul to go farther than it can see 
The more connections you and your lover make , not just between your bodies , but between your minds , your hearts , and your souls , the more you will strengthen the fabric of your relationship , and the more real moments you will experience together . 
when you smile , The whole world stops and stares for awhile , Cause girl you're amazing , Just the way you are 
why must everyone be busy on such a nice day ?...... :/ 
i still like pancakes btw :) thay are awesomeeeeeee !!!!! 
Who is free and wants to do something today , call or text 
I still love you more than anyone 
" When you find love , real love , you don't give it up without a hell of a 
fight . " 
you're the cutest thing I ever did see 
No one will ever see me quit , because I simply won't . If I start 
something , I will finish it and do it well 
chili's with everyone 
I Love You Deanna <3 
Someone's dad is such a major pain in my ass , he should lay off and chill the fuck out ! 
Who wants to do something today ? Hit me up with ideas 
Happy New Years everyone !!!! here is to the start of a great year to come 
Live life fully while you're here . 
Experience everything . Take care of yourself and your friends . Have fun , 
be crazy , be weird . Go out and screw up ! You're going to anyway , so you 
might as well enjoy the process . Take the opportunity to learn from 
your mistakes : find the cause of your problem and eliminate it . Don't 
try to be perfect ; just be an excellent example of being human 
" When during sad times an angel should come to you , open your eyes and 
see who that angel is , for that is your one true love . " 
INBOX ONLY : 2010 is almost over . confess something you have always wanted to tell me , or ask me , anything , then put this as your status .... nobody but me will knowww 
I'm a man of my convictions . Call me wrong , call me right . But I bring my better angels to every fight . You may not like where I'm going , but you sure know where I stand . Hate me if you want to , love me if you can . 
im not tired , im just bored now , haha 
“Do 
you want me to tell you something really subversive ? Love is everything 
it's cracked up to be . That's why people are so cynical about it . It 
really is worth fighting for , being brave for , risking everything 
for . And the trouble is , if you don't risk anything , you risk even 
more . " 
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after 
others have let go . 
danbury mall with balls and keenan 
missing my baby , wish I could see her ..... :/ 
As of right now , T-mobile has to die ! 
Going to Turks for dinner , call or text 
anyone wanna do something that doesn't involve alot of walking ? 
:D 
work 3 till 9:30 call or text please 
Come visit me in milford hospital please 
out of the hospital , who wants to hang ?? 
goodnight baby . <3 
is very happy , going to have a good day tomorrow ! <3 
Ich 
setze alles auf der Strecke heute 
Es ist alles oder 
der Feststellung , 
wird nichts , was ich zu sagen , zu vergleichen , 
denn am Ende 
wird es wert zu kämpfen 
Oh , you've gotta live every single day 
Like it's the only one , what if tomorrow never comes ? 
Don't let it slip away , could be our only one 
You know it's only just begun , every single day 
Maybe our only one , what if tomorrow never comes ? 
this rain is nuts !! 
If the pen is mightier than the sword , then , why do actions speak louder than words ? 
Care more than others think is 
wise . 
Expect more than 
others think is possible . 
who wants to go somewhere and do something tonight ? 
Roaming through this darkness 
I'm alive but I'm alone 
Para 
preguntar tímidamente es invitar a la negativa . Pregunte como si usted espera recibir . 
Work 8 to 1 , then who knows ... call or text 
" Countless words , nor countless actions could ever define my feelings 
for you . True love defies definition . " 
imbored , anyone feel like having a video chat ? 
well , at least there is no snow right now ... walking to the mall in a bit , text me if you wanna join me there 
bored , who wants to chill tonight ? 
If you have to think about whether you love someone or not , then the 
answer is no . When you love someone you just know . 
gonee ,... hit up my cell 
anyone , plans for this evening ?? 
Anywhere you wanna go , Baby show me the way , I'm open to suggestions , Mmm whatever you say , Tonight's about givin ' you what you want , Whatever it takes , Girl I hope i'm on the right road , Judgin by the smile on your face 
i have just begun to show you that you mean everything to me ... 
Y voy a 
amarte como nadie te ama 
Y voy a 
ganar su confianza haciendo recuerdos de nosotros 
Sonic is now OPEN in Walinford !!! 
gonna keep going , and going , and going , and going , and going , and going , and going , and going ......... 
people change and things go wrong just remember life goes on 
I understand about indecision 
But I don't care if I get behind 
People livin ' in competition 
All I want is to have my peace of mind 
working in boston today till who knows when ..... :/ 
When I see a pretty woman walking down the street 
I think about you 
Men look her up and down like she's some kind of treat 
She wouldn't dare talk to a stranger 
always has to be aware of the danger 
it doesn't matter who she is 
Zoning out infront of the TV in my hospital room .... call , text , or message me please ! 
A sad thing in life is that sometimes you meet someone who means a lot to you only to find out in the end that it was never bound to be and you just have to let go . 
off from work today , who want so do something ? 
Must be doin ' somethin ' right , I just heard ya sigh , N ' Lean into my kiss , And close those deep blue need you eyes , Don't know what I did , To earn a love like this , But baby I must be doin ' somethin ' Right . :) 
Hope I get out of the hospital today 
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life 
with somebody , you want the rest of your life to start as soon as 
possible . ~ Nora Ephron 
FML 
And your friends have left you 
You've been dismissed 
I never thought it would come to this 
And I , I want you to know 
Everyone's got to face down the demons 
Maybe today we can put the past away 
walking somewhere , call or text me and we can meet up 
“Do you want me to tell you something really 
subversive ? Love is everything it's cracked up to be . That's why 
people are so cynical about it . It really is worth fighting for , 
being brave for , risking everything for . And the trouble is , if you 
don't risk anything , you risk even more . " 
When I look at this world I think about you 
mall , text if you wanna join 
When I think of the last time somebody made me feel good .. the last time somebody made me really laugh ... the last time somebody made me happy ... I was with you 
thunder storms are awesome . :) 
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible . 
ughhh , up already , i hate working this early .... :( 
sunrise at woodmont beach with two really awesome people ..... look for pictures later on today 
Said , I promise to never fall in love with a stranger 
You're all I'm thinkin ' of .. 
How did we meet ? Copy this to your status and see who remembers 
Here's to a long life and a merry one A quick death and an easy one A pretty girl and an honest one A cold beer and another one ! 
Now I want you , when you're gone , and now it's like 
You're holding something just in front of me 
Well then , I can't allow this to become another 
One of those times that I'm left in the cold , dead 
There's no compromise 
Just another tie 
I know I need to sever 
that was chelsea 
Donw working for the day ... who wants to do something ? 
Why do I try , I know I'm gonna fall down . I once thought I could fly , but I only ever drowned 
So if I haven't yet , I've gotta let you know , 
You're never gonna be alone from this moment on 
If you ever feel like letting go , I won't let you fall 
Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation ; for ' tis better to be alone than in bad company . 
had a really good time tonight , g'night everyone 
well ... the tranny is completely shot in my car .... time to find a new one 
im going to rip AMEX a new one 
Hey , you ! You there . Reading my status . How did we meet ?? Copy this to your status and see who remembers . 
Goodnight everyone 
text please . 2037457750 
when you are with good friends , immense fun will ensue 
She's got eyes of the bluest skies 
And if they thought of rain 
I hate to look into those eyes 
And see an ounce of pain 
His hair reminds me of a warm safe place 
Where as a child I'd hide 
And pray for the thunder 
And the rain 
To quietly pass me by 
hitting the mountain today , hit me up 
chillin with alyssia . :) 
the beater car is fixed once again , bad alternator 
Getting an 89 Toyota MR2 Thursday , cant wait !!! 
DMV time , getting the final registration for the car . 
well ain't first class , but I ain't white trash , wild and a little crazy too . some girls don't like boy like me , oh but some girls do 
Comment on this status if you Want to hangout with me , inbox me if you want to do something Today 
I don't wanna touch you too much baby , cause making love to you might drive me crazy 
just the thought of you can drive me wild 
cant decide if i should go to bed of stay awake ... its already been 23 hours since i last slept ... suggestions ? 
Merry Christmas To All And To All A Goodnight ! 
copy this and see what you get inboxed 
if I had you , money fame and fortune could never compete ..... 
Goodnight to all 
like this if you are sick of the snow ! 
When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears 
When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears 
And I held your hand through all of these years 
waiting for everyone to wake up so we can have some breakfast , soon to be brunch , lol 
never regret something that once made you smile . 
bored , the snow sucks , who wants to do anything ? 
bored .. at home ... wish my car workedd ...... 
Never regret something that once made you smile 
tonight was amazing , lookin forward to the next one 
boredd ..... shower then mall 
bored , nothing to do ... def should be fixed 
Love can sometimes be magic . 
But magic can sometimes ... just be an illusion . 
If you ended 2010 single put this as your status , if someone inboxes you with a heart they want to be with you in 2011 
If I lay here 
If I just lay here 
Would you lie with me 
And just forget the world ? 
If your SINGLE put this as your status and if someone puts a (?) in your inbox they wanna change that ? ? ? 
someone is creepin on my formspring , lol 
sleep is for the weak 
' Cause all this time I've just been too blind to understand 
What should matter to me 
My friend , this life we live , it's not what we have 
It's what we believe in 
Even the best fall down sometimes . Even the wrong words seem to rhyme . Out of the doubt that fills your mind . You'll finally find , you and I collide 
334 : i miss you and you are the best !!!! 
When Uncle Sam dips in your pocket 
For most things you don't mind 
But when your dollar goes to all of those 
Standing in a welfare line 
Well rejoice you have a voice 
If you're concerned about the destination 
Of this great nation 
It's called the American Honky-Tonk Bar Association 
Let's start over . 
I'll try to do it right this time around . 
It's not over . 
' Cause a part of me is dead and in the ground . 
This love is killing me , 
But you're the only one . 
Life is too short , so love the one you got 
' Cause you might get run over or you might get shot 
cause I'm in too deep , and I'm trying to keep , up above in my head instead of going under 
ZZzzzZZZzzzZZzz 
Look , if you had one shot , or one opportunity 
To seize everything you ever wanted in one moment 
Would you capture it ? Or just let it slip ? 
dont really feel like sleeping even tho it is 3:43 am .. who feels like chatting ? 
If Ur Not Scared , Put This On Ur Status And See What People Rate You 
( 1) = crazy ( 2)=I'd date you ( 3) = attractive ( 4) = sarcastic ( 5) = i miss you(6)=I'd kiss you ( 7) = moody ( 8) = smart(9) = energetic ( 10) = random ( 11) = hot ( 12) = funny ( 13) = fit ( 14) = amazing ( 15) = tough ( 16) = cute ( 17) = beautiful ( 18) = nerd ( 19) = adorable ( 20) = i love you 
if anyone can make it , I'm betting on me . and you . <3 
If everyone cared and nobody cried 
If everyone loved and nobody lied 
If everyone shared and swallowed their pride 
Then we'd see the day when nobody died 
On my knees , I'll ask 
Last chance for one last dance 
' Cause with you , I'd withstand 
All of hell to hold your hand 
I'd give it all 
I'd give for us 
Give anything but I won't give up 
' Cause you know , 
you know , you know 
gotta be up at 4:30 tomorrow morning to go do some work in Mass ....... don't like getting up that early , but , money is money 
no work till 4:30 , who is free ?? 
bored at home , nothing to do yet , hoping for certain plans to happen tonight 
Blizzard Warning until Monday evening , wonderful 
“Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own . ” 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except , a punch in the face . 93% of people won't re-post this , why ? Because ... they probably need a punch in the face 
COD time ! 
if you can pick it , pluck it , milk it , or shoot it , it is good for you , lol 
I'm a Banana 
Tipsy Tow offered by AAA . You don't have to be a AAA member , from 6pm-6am new years eve/day , they will take your drunk self and your car home FOR FREE . Save this number : 1-800-222-4357 . RE-POST PLEASE . 
Happy New Year everyone ! 
at the bar 
If I gave you my hand would you take it 
And make me the happiest man in the world 
If I told you my heart couldn't beat one more minute without you , girl 
Would you accompany me to the edge of the sea 
Help me tie up the ends of a dream 
I gotta know , would you go with me 
I love you so , so would you go with me 
All words I sing about 
All that is that I write about 
Only thing I wanna hear about 
So that I can get closer to you 
I know that there is someone else , but he's only thinking of himself 
Doesn't make any sense for you to be lonely 
breakfast consisting of home made belgian waffles and bacon ... yuummmmm 
" The one person you can truly love is often right in front of you . " & " True love is friendship caught on fire . " i Believe the these are some of the truest words 
has had an exceptionally awesome weekend hanging out with one person I missed a lot ! :) 
should i stay or should i go ? 
Turn it up 
It's five minutes to midnight 
You're coming home with me tonight 
I can't get enough 
Shakin ' me up 
Alright , at five minutes to midnight 
You see our name in city lights 
We'll make the clock stop 
Make your heart drop and come alive 
no work friday , all you people still sitting at your computer reading this , message me with ideas of what to do 
to sleep of not to sleep , that is the question 
ok , xbox = replaced with newer style , better one !! 
INBOX ONLY ! You and I should ______ before 2010 is over . Put this as your status and see what you get in you inbox 
Sometimes life comes at you fast . The least you should know is that you can do anything if you try , and that nothing can stop you . You are what you say you are , and no one can take that away from you . Life is that valuable thing that is unique to you . No one can change it ; just you . And endure till the end ! The battles not done till all the men are down . 
going skiing tonight , who wants to join ? 
Oh yeah oh , I wanna be the man in the middle of the night 
Shinin ' like it's true 
I wanna be the man that you run to whenever I call on you 
When everything that loved someone finally found it's way 
I Wanna be a better man , I see it in you , yeah , yeah , yeah 
god , my mind is moving a mile a minute right now ....... 
Although I would like our world to change 
It helps me to appreciate 
Those nights and those dreams 
But , my friend , I'd sacrifice all those nights 
If I could make the Earth and my dreams the same 
The only difference is 
To let love replace all our hate 
So let's go there 
Let's make our escape 
Come on , let's go there 
Let's ask can we stay ? 
add me on xbox live . dcksmasher 
work is soo slow and boring today , *# !? &% 
A man who is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a pleasure . I don't want to be at the mercy of my emotions . I want to use them , to enjoy them , and to dominate them 
You make me dance like a fool , forget how to breathe 
Oh , you make me smile 
