omg !! Michael Jackson !!! RIP ! have fun moonwalking across the sky !! Farrah Fawcett !! RIP ! a charlies angel up in heaven now ! xxxxxxx 
nostalgia ... :( 
mmm ... trevor wright ... xxxx 
starting college on monday ... timetable aint 2 bad :D xxxxx 
Is minic a rinne bromach gioblach capall cumasach 
Louise Eleanor Dunne its confusing reading any changes on my home coz we both have the same pic haha xxxxxxxx 
and boom goes the dynamite !! :D xxxxx 
what the fuck was simon at !! lucie is a lethal singer !! she shouldnt have been in the bottom 1 ! and the twins should of went in the first week !!! xxxxxx 
people going ice skating .... what day do ye wanna go ???? xxxx 
omg ! are timetable is basically the same ..... except they wanna confuse us by changing the rooms instead . and are you serious !! that american pyscho is our lecturer for ANOTHER DAMN CLASS !!!! they tryna rob us of our sanity !! xxxx 
Go to urbandictionary.com type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments 
my new obsession ... ben barnes .... ohhhh yeah . :D xxxx 
Eric ; I could grow on you . Sookie ; I'd rather cancer . ha . love it ! getting addicted to true blood ... : L xxxxx 
http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=306177566315 
just won tickets to see stacie solomon on spin !!! really wana win the money too !!!! xxxxxxx 
Man U 2 Aston Villa 1 oh yeah !!! :D xxxxx 
stupid damn dentist changed my app again !!! why does he always do that !!!! >:( 
hahahaha ponchos zoolander face ! epic !! :D xxxx 
why aren't these stupid fucking pictures uploading !!! >:( 
xxxx 
Boring night = Gossip Girl Marathon . ( with an x factor results interval naturally . ) :D 
Just got locked outta the fucking house . Not funny ! Xxxx 
fucking stupid bayern munich !!! enjoy it now ! you won't win in old trafford !! >:( 
Weekend ! :D 
Finally finished my european studies ! Chelsea fucked up over the weekend . Man U are in with a good chance of 4 in a row . Finished college on Wed . Braces off on Tues . Match on Tues . Almost a month til my 18th ! Lots of good news to cheer me up !!! :D xxxxx 
Bayern munich make baby jesus cry . :( 
Damn laptop aint working !! something wrong with the feckin cooling fan . 
Look up the website to see what to do ... 
they give me a programme to download that will help ... 
how exaclty am i supposed to download it if my fucking computer won't turn on !!!! dipshits !!!! 
to top things off , i had to rewrite my essay to print coz of it !!! >:( 
' s status cannot be found . Please try again later 
Gibson after 3mins ! Epic ! Xxxx 
is aoibhinn liom mo ghruaig nua !! :D xxxx 
Argh ! So close to going home . Last class - data analysis ... 
xxxxx 
hahahahahaha . 
Rage on you France !!! :P 2 fucking nil ! 
I have a new crush on Mexico !! :D 
2 goals in 6 fucking minutes ! Legend ! Xxxx 
wooo !!! no exams til tuesday . finished next sat . 18 in 20 more days !! :D xxxxx 
Stupid tvshack won't load !!!! >:( 
yay !! i finally can see those links louise left me ! ha . bout feckin time . 
Copy this to your status and see what numbers people judge you : 

1- Crazy . 
2- I would marry you . 
3- Helpful . 
4- Nice . 
5- Admirable . 
6- Party person . 
7- Cute . 
8- Stupid . 
9- Loudmouth . 
10- Amazing . 
11- Funny . 
12- Awesome . 
13- Sweet . 
14- Super cool . 
15- I Love You . :) 
ugh ! stupid dbs . my books to be returned on saturday and it wont let me renew it online . and i aint spending 10e goin in on saturday just to return a damn book !!!! stupid damn thing ! ring them tomorrow . :( xxxxx 
" Of all sad words of tongue or pen , the saddest are these , ' It might have been . " 
getting my hair done in half an hour !! finally !!! :D xxxxxxxx 
Just finished wrapping everybodys presents coz they were to lazy to ! ha 
Have cleaned my room and all i have left to do is iron for my da and wash & dry up for my ma . 
And there was me thinking Christmas Eve would be relaxing . 
finally !!! fucking takes 2 hours til it actually starts working !! 
theres something about getting my hair done that makes me wanna take loadsa pics . ha xxxxx 
I'M FINISHED FINALLY !!! no more damn exams for me !!! :D 
RIP Gerry Ryan . xxxx 
the one fuckin time i want liverpool to win and they only manage one shot on the goalie in the 90th minute !! the fuckin eegits !!! >:( up wigan i suppose . xxxx 
ha . edward cullen reference on cougar town . love it . : L xxxxx 
my stupid dentist cancelled my appointment !! and i was supposed to be getting my braces off !!! :( xxxx 
speaking of all things the lion king , why was i never informed there was a second one made ??? :O :O :O xxxx 
>:( Yesterday started good and ended crap . And now today is attempting to piss me off too .... 
ps . its working ! >:( 
Ugh !! Damn timetable is cat this year ! wtf ?? 
stupid damn retainers are like gum shields !!! >:( 
i don't like !!! 
18 !!! Wahay ! long last . 
gonna be some night out !! :D 
xxxxxx 
Feet are in absolute bits !!! Great craic last night though . 
I would just like to thank everyone for the sympathy they showed me when i got locked out of the house ....... 
What's that you say ?.... 
Me sarcastic ? 
No ..... never . >:( 
Just one more week !!! :D 
Damn mcq tomorrow and haven't studied one bit . And it's worth 50 :( 
Morning cramming session me thinks . 
eeeeewwww . just read that the average chocolate bar has at least 8 insect bits in it ...... 
although , pretty sure it's an american statistic .... 
please tell me our chocolate isn't the same !!! 
is bored , I think I might dress up as the Grim Reaper and go wave at the people in the nursing home . Who wants to come ?? 
Hair getting done 2mor . Cnt wait . :D xxxxx 
" But who prays for Satan ? Who , in eighteen centuries , has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most ? " — Mark Twain 
Is it wrong that I've become hooked on gossip girl and am now watching it from the start ??? 
Fuck you France !!! You are the weakest link , GOODBYE !! :D 
My feet are paying the price for last night . ha 
Thursday for mo bhreithlá - Graces then time :D 
who can go ? 
When I figure out how to get away with murder ..... 
God help you . 
Hate it when people disappoint . :( 
Xxxx 
had a lovely dinner in the flaming wok , and got a new laptop for my birthday ! :D 
can't wait til tomorrow . 
haha . Dya know what , id hate to be doing the leaving cert . ha :P 
" like " this status & I will write on your 
wall something I like about you . Set this as your status if you're brave 
enough 
" like " this status 
& I will write on your wall something I like about you . Set this 
as your status if you're brave enough 
mmmmm . nice glass of jack daniels . :D 
Attempts at studying = epic fail ! 
Why do different people keep telling me bebo died when I'm like I just logged on .... it's still there !!! 
Finally have all my pics uploaded !! 
Fuck sake . They just changed my timetable and made it worse . 
They took a free hour on Monday and put a class from Thursday on instead . But instead of that making Thursday shorter , we now have a 2hr lunch . I'd rather be home earlier thanks . 
How did we meet ? Set this as your status and see how many stories you get ..... go on for the laugh ..... 
will be a Psychology student in DBS next year . :D 
Ha . I just created two gay sims and now they're engaged . :D lol . 
ABSOLUTE FUCKING FIX !!!!!!! 
Always when judging 
Who people are , 
Remember to footnote 
The words " So far . " 
~ Robert Brault 
in loving memory of every cancer patient , family member or friend who 
has lost the battle with cancer and in honour with the ones who continue 
to conquer it ! put this on your page for 1 hour if you know someone who 
had or has cancer . many wont copy and paste this . i did . will you ? 
ugh ! so badly need to have a good night out !! 
Passed all my exams with flying colours ! Now its time to celebrate !! 
Ideas anybody ?? :D 
Okay , I'm now back on the Glee wagon . ha 
Loving my results !! :D 
Come on the lily whites ! Xxx 
oh dear god .... * swoon * 
matt you god ! i need that song ! ..... 
Arsenal 2-3 West Brom 
Man City 1-0 Chelsea 
:D 
I'm liking todays results . 
Jessica Ryan Ciara Cullen Aoife Banks hey , are we supposed to be going into dbs next saturday ? it says that when reg starts on the calender . 
Ruthie ; The stash ? 
Simon ; Yeah , that's great Ruthie . 
Ruthie ; I heard it on Scooby Doo . 
Ha , 7th Heaven , used to love that show . :D 
is bored !! 
Weird , Greys Anatomy is on its 7th season .... 
it says louise shared links with me but i cant find them !! :( 
V for Vendetta is one of the best movies ever !! Love Vs speech in it too . xxxxx 
Data Analysis for 2hrs . Then freedom !! :D 
Dandelion tomorrow - To Arthur ! :D 
Slightly weird thing I noticed , I'm only ever in castle house for classes this year . Strange . ha . 
I'm gonna be a mentor for new 1st years in dbs . :D 
ha , god help them . lol 
College tomorrow !! Can't wait to get back into it . :D 
Ah .... :D 
So good to be finished that essay . Just print it at college tomorrow and I'm sorted . 
Westlife tickets , Westlife cd , new phone , nice boots & dress and some money to top it off !! :D 
Santa did well this year . 
Damn it ! Snow day for myself .... 
but tvshack.cc is gone ! 
Severely in love with River Island at the minute !!! More sales please !!! :D 
Describe me with the first letter of your name ! -set this as your status and see what you get 
haha . New Panel on RTE1 . 
" Can we stop calling him the Anglo Avenger .... 
It makes it sound like hes killing English people . " ha 
Ha , gotta say , data analysis was the funniest thing ever today !! 
Cousins are the first friends in your life . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you don't get together or talk as much as you would like to as you get older , they'll always remain your best childhood friends . Re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world .. 
Okay , I love snow , brilliant around Christmas .... 
not so brilliant when I have to travel in it and tempt fate by walking round Dublin in it !! 
The number game (: Mail me a number between 1-500 
and il tell you exactly how i feel about you using the number you mailed 
me wit under my status without anyone knowing its about you 
oh Matt .... make your heart melt so he would .... 
Chonaic mé Harry Potter & the Deathly Hallows aréir - Ba mhaith liom mála Hermione . :D 
dying with the flu !! :( 
haha . data analysis is so much more fun with a bit of alcohol in ya . ha 
So let me get this straight ... Larry King is on his 8th divorce , Elizabeth Taylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Britney Spears had a 55 hour marriage , Jesse James and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with everyone ; and yet the idea of same-sex marriage is still going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ?... Repost to your page if you agree - Proud to support equal rights .. 
Happy new years ppl !!! :D 
Ha . Is aoibhinn liom the panel ! absolute legends !! 
God 
saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms 
around you whispered ' come with me ' . With tearful eyes I watched and saw 
you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I could not make you stay . A 
golden heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my 
heart to prove me He only takes the best !! Put this on your status if 
there is someone in heaven you miss today . 
still have no plans for new years ! >:( 
ideas anyone ? 
