rejects your reality and substitutes his own . 
why ? i am . 
" I'm sorry , I'm about to lose you because I'm about to drive into a tunnel in a canyon on an airplane while hanging up the phone . " - House 
is sad that he missed out on fun to go work for ~ 7+ hours 
it will be hot for the next few days , but it looks like we should be getting a denser cloud of percipitation coming over san diego soon which should help cool things down a few degrees . but don't hold me to it i'm not an actually meterologist so my interpertation of the satalite imagery might be off a little . 
thinks that sleep is a good idea and who ever invented sleep deserves a cookie . a big cookie . with chocolate chips . fresh from the oven . back to my point , sleep = good . 
First day of school = tired + scared for when real work comes . 
is amazing of course , and the Apples to Apples champion . 
never relized how tiring it is to be social for exstended periods of time . 
is watching reruns of House on Hulu . House rocks , and when he comes back in two weeks we will see how much worse the crazy people are when House goes at them . 
is excited that he was able to perdict the weather by properly interperting satilite imagery !! 
WINS ! take that MalMal 
is going to be full of himself for no real reason for the next couple of hours . He also made really good chocolate chip cookies , from scratch by hand . 
just got a shot in his ass for his headache , that works like how he imagines works like Vicodin for House's leg . Minus the addictive part that is . Basicly Johnny is in a good mood now that he isn't in pain . 
I have my car back !! * does happy dance * No one witnessed that . 
is praying for a phone call from the doctors saying the neurologist accepted his referal and will see him soon . 
was at UC yesterday and apologizes if he seemed a little out of it today . They gave him another pain shot . 
just spent a half hour ductaping a tin can only to through it out . Then spent about an hour playing with ductape , and made pouch that he will never use . Johnny feels really cool right now . :) 
" I just want you to know that I'm saying something brilliant . I'm just not explaining it very well . " 
has the systems for higher brain function and complex thought offline at the moment . We apologize for any incovience . ( such as the spelling of this update ) 
MR . FROSTY , that is the grand finish of a good summer . 
has decided that the laws of physics must not apply to his project . one side takes 21.59 seconds to drain water to the other side . The other side takes fron 58.9 seconds to 80.4 seconds to empty . The same results happen over and over with no explanation 
" Just because I know everything doesn't mean I'll be telling you anything true . " 
' s mind has decided to check out for a while . It left a note saying it should be back around 11 am tomorrow . 
' s head would explode if his skull wasn't being hammered on by numerious sledge hammers . needless to say my headache has decided over the counter painkillers only make it more angry . 
" ... and then I have a witty response . " -House 
I'm on call , to be there . 
" Its only illegal if you get caught , assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place " 
feels the need to say something deep and profound , but its very late and he is tired from his workout today . With those conditions this is the best he's got . 
does all his status updates in 3rd person . This will likely never change . 
is exhausted , stressed , and is having an awarding winning bad luck streak in terms of things going his way . But for whatever reason was nominated for the homecoming courts . 
is tired and probably sick but likes to stay positive and think its just allergies(pretty sure thats spelled wrong too ) . But had an amazing time at a murder mystery party being the main investigator , and was close to getting the right answer but didn't have enough information . He also intends to finish polishing an essay for english that is way longer than any essay really has the right to be . 
just washed a paper plate so that he could use it for something else . It would have been easier to just grab a new one right next to him . 
has probably , most likely , lost what ever symbolance of a mind he once held . 
" she only drinks coffee at midnight . when the moment is not right , and her timing is quite , unusual . " 
made the most amazing burritos for dinner and feels sad that he can't finish them and enjoy their great deliciousness anylonger ... 
6k+car break down+friday the 13th = me feeling superstious . 6k = fail = me tired 
is awsome . Period . 
got his hair cut at 2 today . He just now hopes that he can replicate the hairstyle half as well as the stylist . 
' s brain feels tired . Stupid SAT making be sit in a room for 4 hours when it should only take 2 1/2 
is tired and his pupils are still dominating each respective iris . Can anyone say super night vision ? 
just reliezed that devouring chinese food the night before a 6k test isn't the best choice of foods to have consumed if he wanted to do well on the test . 
Saw the Mouse Trap ! It was positively amazing !!! Great work to everyone !! 
woke up from sleeping over 13 hours about a 1/2 hour ago . 
' s sister ate 5x's more than he did , she is 5 " 5 and 112lbs , in her first sitting than he did the entire meal . 
watched Transformers II with Sophia , has a neuro appointment tomorrow and can't find the headache log . Made pretty good pastries , will have them perfected when the next batch is made . 
Black friday shopping+ Maggie = fun Black friday +waking up = 3hours of sleep Yet somehow am oddly awake even if i've already had a full day before noon . 
got to sleep in like an hour only to wake up at 4 . Black friday shopping with Maggie !! 
hears whale calls . Literally , there is a nature video playing in the backround . 
has the words " Merry Christmas " written in rope lights hung in the front window of his house . 
" Oh the weather outside is frightful " 
Still has glitter stuck on his fingers . Thanks Carla :) 
Rawwaarwaarr !!! 
feels the sleepy , its not even late yet . 
hid in the closet for the majority of the day 
hung out at Sophia Hardy's today , wrapping presents , then went to the park and played on the swing sets . Can anyone say awesome ?? 
riverside is a strange and wonderious , mostly strange , place were when you show up at noon you are required to murder avocados and eat dinner at 3:30 . Merry Christmas world , i'm stranded with my family . 
saw pictures of his brain slice by slice . Has mild brain damage from his headaches and migraines , non-lethal so , !!!!!! happy !!!!!!!!! 
If you're wondering if I want you to , I want you to . So make a move , ' cause I ain't got all night . -Weezer 
' s head is better finally . 
loves his mind , hates his head . 
is eating dinasour oatmeal !! 
thank you world . Now if you don't mind , i'm going to get some sleep . Its a new decade , that makes us humans tired . 
i have Serenity in Blue-Ray . Its really really cool . 
is making better than sex cake . it better be , it certainly costs enough . 
Santa isn't bringing me presents this year . He sent Mal and River to do it , I don't think he considered the noise factor of Serenity though . ( If any of you get the extreeeemly geeky reference I'm making , just smile and accept that every year i wish for Firefly to start up again)(Hint , Hint , Santa ) 
I harbor a strong distaste for 6ks 
1 honest answer . you can ask me one question ( send it to my inbox ) any question . NO matter how awkward it can be , I'll answer it honestly . There's no catch but I dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you . 
had a great time tonight !! 
" You don't seem to annoy me as much as usaul , but are you sure thats a deficite ?? " 
i hate the new facebook . it sucks . 
there are two kinds of people who sit around think about murder all day . 
bets you can't guess what he is doing right now . Be appropriate . 
act + taco surf + lazer tag = one exhausted mind 
ran 7.2 miles in the rain to theCross and back , now my feet feet hurt but its okay cuz i just had a Mr. Frosties , so everything is alright . 
my homework is finished . there isn't anything interesting to watch . for once i think procrastination really was my friend , and he was trying to save me from boredom . 
:( Dollhouse is over for good . now i want to cry its was such an amazing show !!! 
love hanging out with friends !!! S.A.D. is way more fun than your valentines day 
will be omnipercipient . just wait . no better yet , start saving to try and buy your information security . 
yay poli sci mid term ! fml , i dislike tinder with a passion . 
had a bad day . actually bad day and a half including yesterday . 
' s hair is no longer that brown color . be in awe , it now is red-brown . will know how it looks when dried out completely . 
has somehow managed to ether be asleep , or in a car when an earth quake strikes . 
yes ! facebook finally lets you like that people liked a page or link ! ... no if only they'd stop screwing with the chat 
i think i'm aging , because when i fell down when i roller blading when i was little i don't remember ever being sore afterwards . 
learned that my name came up in the nomination for most dedicated drama fan ( by that I mean the theatre ) . Kinda a fun thing . My friends from college are coming home soon so it will be great to see them all again and hopefully we'll have a party or some sort of get together . 
maybe someday we'll figure all this . 
EggNoble and the Needle are the winning ( and only surviving ) eggonauts and eggcrafts ! 
has for too much work and not enough sleep to use . Can't wait for the two tests tomorrow and the project due . Oh and did I mention it have the SAT Saturday ?? No ? Well I do and another project due next week along with some late work . 

Happy day , ' / 
" If you don't have anything nice to say don't say it at all ! " ..... " Well i guess this conversation is over . " 
there is chocolate beer in Belgium !!! 
got my first parking ticket . turns out wishing it was the weekend doesn't make it so . 
is enjoying the sympathy from his ruptured eardrum but the pain and lack of hearing isn't worth it . as such i haven't actually seen anyone so i'm talking to facebook . 
watching the series premier of Doctor Who for the 5th time tonight . i desperately want a sonic screwdriver . 
" As long as they don't sing " " yeah , you don't want your feet to talkback " 
got less than 4 hours of sleep , worked out , got recertified for CPR for Lifeguarding , and cleaned most of my room . Its not even 11 yet and i'm not tired . 
I have a hair cut . Just in case you didn't already know . 
went to disneyland today for my fathers birthday , i vow to practice wearing shoes before walking around in them for 8 hours . 
' s back of legs are sun burnt . ( yes i am aware of the space it is to lend emphasis ) 
dear fever , please go away so i can feel better . 
if i went crazy would you still love me ? better question , if i snapped would you visit me in the mental hospital if they said it was okay ? 
has paid for parking ticket with pocket change . 
thank you for all the birthday wishes and thoughts . and yes , my birthday was happy . 
super sore from yoga yesterday . going again tomorrow . somehow bending into strange poses while being baked alive is fun for me 
i'm kinda tired after volunteering for a water station at the la jolla half marathon 
hates the like button for pages . but on an up note i've got my new camera !!! 
in the bay area 
hey-oh san diego , i'd be back in town . 
That awkwardness would probably go away if I left . 
so i'm off work early today . who wants to hang out tonight ? call me . 
profound 
" the people are revolting " " Oh , god . where ?? " " Everywhere ! can't you see ! they're all so hideous . " 
has work for roughly 8 hours starting in 15 min . Be not surprised if I don't immediately respond or I start talking to you at 8 
Frank Abagnale , the conman for me to be . 
love my 103 degree fever . dear fever please let me go to sleep 
is sore from carla's slip and slide and lifting heavey objects at work . 
in 20 minutes I will have a new color of hair . 
" i'm superman " " No . You arent . " " Yeah you're right . ... I'm batman " 
is the batman of chemistry 
strawberries 
( 604 ): 
Come find me please ? Im in a ditch . 
( 1-604 ): 
That doesn't help me much ... 
I'm right under the moon ! 
that is glorious . 
i am in need of a sonic screwdriver , i need it to be my birthday again . 
for those who care and those who don't , I will be back at school tomorrow . 
the scariest thing is , i'm excited to go to school . I guess have two extended migraines within days of each other does that to a guy . 
~ not quiet as durastic as I was looking for . But it will do for now . I guess . 
my dad is watching high school musical 1 . Get your head in the game ! 
i kissed her and she broke her hand . on my chin . its all just a big misunderstanding . 
Its the 4th 
Santa Barbra tonight then back home to san diego . 
" kiss me " ... " they're still looking at us " " it was worth a try " 
( 432 ): 
Her directions to the house party : " the north star will guide you , turn left . I'm wearing the potato hat " 
has decided to join theatre next year . Lets see how my acting skills are when put on a stage . 
( 918 ): 
when she said she was from California you started sobbing . You begged her not to melt your popsicle because you paid good money for it and you just wanted to eat it in peace . 
got my nails done ( shut up i know ) , swam 1000 yards in blatetent disregard of my doctors orders to keep my ear out of the water(probably the best 1000 yards i've ever done ( its nice to be back in the water )) . loving the bay area . 
just turned the fan on by my door , now there really is glitter everywhere 
whats goin down ? school is out 
broke even at the horse races , was actually pretty fun . 
guess who hasn't been to bed ?? i will be omnipercipient !! 
hungry 
" I shot you through and through . ... Its all good . We good ? alright its all good . " 
can't wait for my 9 hour shift . oh , wait thats in fifteen minutes . 
Oh sweet san diego its good to be home . 
has some hearing back in left ear . pitch isnt right though 
i'm not trying to impress you , but i'm batman 
" Do I look like a killer to you ?? " " Yes . You kill my patience . " 
wishing for motivation . 
oh , hi there summer heat . what made you show up so ridiculously late ? 
has a ruptured eardrum 
" might as well face it you're addicted to love " 
Are you a fan of delicious flavor ? 
is putting way too much effort into fancy pants day . 
going to see sorcerer's apprentice in Claremont at 545 fell free to join . or don't its cool ether way . and i still only have one ear i can hear out of . 
hey oh , was-up catalina . here i come . well in like 4 hours at least but i won't have a chance to be on facebook then . 
is getting wisdom teeth pulled out at 830 am . oh shit . 
making more jello 
in france its considered a crime to pound a flute of champagne 
( 703 ): 
We made a late night liquor run , made margaritas and bloody marys and then retreated to opposite sides of the house to drink them . Alone . 
( 540 ): 
You guys make me sad 
You misspelled jealous there 
as much as i love the rain it has made my life inconvenience , last night it flooded the theatre cancelling the play . so then i had no plans and everyone i called was ether unavailable , priorly engaged , or staying in and going to bed early . 
can't feel my tongue , and nitrous oxide is badass 
F*ck the new chat format for facebook . the photo thing sucks 
is making cookies , no recipe , no measuring tools . lets see how i do . 
beware if you plan to add me to groups without my permission . you can very easily go on my shit list , which also happens to be my hit list . and very few want to die . 
( 781 ): 
Medicore although I woke up with the business card of a Turkish lawyer called Mufasa ... 
needs a compound word and a freind to word up with 
are you a fan of delicious flavor ?? 
SHIT i have school tomorrow ... SHIT , its tomorrow already ... CRAP i have to wake up soon ... .... .... Oh , hey i'm a senior ... Fuck i need to college crap ... 
Oh My God !!! they are making KUNG FU PANDA * 2 * 
you cannot grasp how amazing this is . 
anyone who can be at my house in the next half hour can have fresh baked oatmeal cookies and milk . 
( 915 ): 
I told you I was good to drive 
( 1-915 ): 
dumbass I drove ... you sat in the passengers seat and steered with a paper plate 
I just got a 93% on the METT post test , thats 2% away from getting a certificate of expertise . 
For those who don't know what METT is , METT stands for Micro Expressions Training Tool . 
For those who still have no idea what i'm talking about I can read micro expressions which are little flashes of emotion across a face that happen in less than a split second . 
If you're still lost , pleas go watch Lie to Me . 
' s voice is hurt . 
my hair is a new irrefutable force of nature . it will resist and revert from any sort of hair gel/spray/wax/pomade that tries to impose a new form upon it . 
needs a partner or partners for black friday shopping 
too much work to do , so little time , and a desire for sleep 
just spent an hour on college stuff , all i had to do was check a few boxes and i got sucked into doing more than i needed to . 
" The fact that you just lip synced to Katy Perry isn't weird , the fact that you don't like candy canes is ... " - Patrick Timmis O'Connor 
" You got mad . I'm proud of you . " 
just rewatched all of the christmas episodes for doctor who , again . for the second time today 
the play is simple fantastic !! i love it !! 
