A little wowed at the explicity of Running with Scissors by Augusten Burroughs . 
What is with this live we live ? Feeling as if caught in a rut that will never end . 
New episode of Doctor Who was ... wow .... 
Going home for a week ... let's see what my cat left me . 
Making pancakes and eggs for breakfast . 8D 
wants to play some d20 Modern ... D = 
Finally got out of the house . Got my Cameron ID and went to the mall with Jessica . =D 
Hrm ... college applications are a pain to fill out . What's with all the useless info I have to give ? Why do you need to know the language I first spoke in ? 
Urgh . Why must we type and turn in every page of our position paper individually ? D:< Can't we just type the whole thing at once and then turn it on the 21st . 
Happy International Youth Day ! 8D 
Getting a group together for NaNoWriMo . Anyone in MAC interested in writing give me a shout out ! 
Back home to find a live bird in my room .... >=| 
Finishing up my speech . I'm so glad our research papers are done with now . 
Ish too hot .... 
I should probly start dinner ... we're having chicken and some form of potatoes 
" Fighting evil by moonlight , winning love by daylight , never running from a real fight , she is the one named Sailor Moon . " Haha ~ 
Happy Flag Day Sweden ! =D 
@.@ The second season of Kuroshitsuji is frakin ' crazy . @u @ 
Finished watching The Count of Monte Cristo : Gankutsuou ... T_T 
Going to church ... it's been awhile . 
Got class tomorrow . Can't wait . I'm so excited ~ 
Miyavi coming to Dallas July 7th . I want to go . 
Urgh . I'm soo bored ... Day goes by so slowly now that I don't have anything to do . 
OMG ! The buscuits I just made are DELICIOUS !! 
Germany beat England 4-1 ... 8D 
It's good to be home . 
Made Pancakes for breakfast . 
Happy International Day of the World's Indigenous People ! =D 
Two new episodes of Hakuouki are up . OuO ... heehee ... bishounen .... 
I'm standing up for the WWE .... also , Hetalia Day is this Sunday !!! =DDD 
Hetalia day is coming up ! Everybody grab your flags and head to the streets to spread some multicultural love ! ^J^ 
Germany beat Argentina 4-0 ... 8D 
PASTAAAAAAAAAA ~ ~ !! <3<3 
Seether coming to Lawton . Anyone interested in going with me ? 
Enrolled today . Classes were all screwed up , but they are fixed now ... more or less 
My schedule ... 

Zero hour English 4 
Pre-AP Physics 
Biomed ( 2 classes , dunno what they is ) 
Intro to Speech ( Mon and Wed ) 
Beginning Russian ( Tues and Thurs ) 
Thinking about taking a gap year ... what to do ? 
Playing LoZ : Ocarina of Time on meh Nintendo 64 
Going to Spirit of Survival today . I'm in the 5k race 
Hetalia Day was fun . 
Finished reading Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe . It wasn't too bad . Starting Poisonwood Bible now . Haha , I don't even need to read them . Going to be in regular English this year . 
Gonna revisit my childhood and make my way through Fushigi Yuugi ... finished watching Durarara ... 8D 
Had Russian today . Was fun ... Can't wait for class tomorrow 
Watched Vampires Suck yesterday . 
Early Decision ? Should I or shouldn't I ? 
Finally got my hair cut 
Poor Gilbert ! T T_T T 
O.O Episode 7 and 8 of the new season of Kuroshitsuji are AWESOME .... Kesesesesese ! 
RAWR ! COLLEGES ARE STARTING TO PISS ME OFF ! SCREW HAVING A SAFETY ! 
Just finished dinner : bacon cheeseburger hamburger helper and homemade biscuits . 
Happy International Lefthanders Day ! Show some love for those lefties ! =D 
Cooking ... in my bathing suit ... XD 
Done with school for the day ... Awesome first day ... =D 
Yay . I finished my English paper ... now I just have to do my speech outline and power point . 
Thinking of cutting my hair short again . 
I feel like France ... making elaborate breakfast for myself .... XD 
We're having chicken and potatoes for dinner 
I have my books for my college classes ... so , excited ......... 
Do we know who the homecoming court is yet ? 
Russian class is so much fun . Today we wrote all the US states in Russian on a giant blue map ... Alaska and Hawaii were missing from the map , though . XD 
Anyone got cameron classes in the afternoon ? 
Had my 1st class today . it was pretty cool . =D 
Santino's going to be on Team RAW ! 8D 
Homecoming sucked . The music was really bad . 
Finished Poisonwood Bible . It was pretty good . 
Just came home after taking the ACT with writing . It was alright . I think I did pretty good on the math 
Went to the Seether concert yesterday . It was pretty fun ... =D 
Took an hour and 5 minutes to walk 3.1 miles . It took a lot out of us , making me realize how much out of shape I am . 
Who's going to homecoming ? 
Got some more school stuff done . AWESOMENESS ! Now , I just have to work on a speech about wind turbines and a position paper on " Does war change a society ? " or something of the like . =D =D =D =D 
NANOWRIMO STARTS MONDAY !!!!!!!!!!!! <3<3<3 
Have my Rice interview today . Doing a lot of scholarship and college stuff , pretty much my life now between homework . 
Gonna finish my study guide for my speech exam monday , study a bit of Russian , and start on my event speech for speech . Notice all the times I used the word ' speech ' . * J * 
Grrr ! Too many speeches !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 !! 1 ! 
Most probably taking a gap year . 
Diva's TLC match was AWESOME ! Beth Phoenix and Natalya destroyed LayCool . 
Going to my mom's today ... whoo .... 
Had fun yesterday ... Alice in Wonderland's amazing ... Orange Tree's delicious ... hanging at LeiLani Roman's house's interesting ... 
