Bitterness is like swallowing poison , and hoping the other person will die . 
We would just take a sandwich , and put it in our mouths , that's the only way to do sandwiches . 
trusts God with her life , no matter what . 
Finally got her letter , she isn't coming back to Luther in the fall . She hopes that everybody will stay friends with her though , because she loves everybody . 
while we are on the subject , could we change the subject now ? 
The poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese . 
She doesn't care for people who stand on her tail 
Is officially a subway employee . Took me long enough . . . but I made it . 
After all the trouble you go to , you get about as much actual " food " out of eating an artichoke as you would from licking 30 or 40 postage stamps . 
is gone visiting a college . . . back in 4 days . 
had a dream where she was not being given a fair trial , justice was not being served , and she was going to jail with very bad men . 
starts Subway on Monday 
misses her Luther family . . . 
you have . . . alll of these knives at your disposal to use in situations like that ! ( a line that stuck out to me as being funny out of context at subway ) 
I've been waiting for you , or somebody like you , or somebody other than you . 
battled and conquered her fear of the giant golf course sprinkler . . . by running through it . :) 
Nobody expects the Spanish inquisition !! 
I was hiding under your porch because I love you . 
Made a shirt from scratch . . . and is very happy with it . 
is looking at Oregon Coast Community College to get a degree in Aquarium Science . ^_^ 
Statuses are the most dishonest inaccurate thing ever . . . pretty much 
is applying to go to CULINARY SCHOOL , Ai , in Denver Colorado !! Yay me . ^_^ 
' s toaster oven keeps trying to burn down her house . 
College is fun and all , but I'm in the real world now 
is thinking about being an aquarist 
almost fell off of a waterfall today . . . good thing reflexes kicked in . 
took a walk down memory lane , and it was worth it . 
the piano knows something I don't know 
When a girl runs from a guy , it's either because a . She hates his guts , or B . She is testing the depth of his need for her to see just how long he is willing to chase . 
It’s probably bad for a girl with abandonment issues to get interested in a guy with commitment issues 
The world is a playground . We knew that as a kid . But somewhere along the line we forgot that . 
hates Mars 
figured out how she wants to live , but her career plans never quite seem to fit with that . 
saw her first 3D movie . . . it was disappointing , but wearing the glasses was fun . 8 ) 
Is totally on ADD meds for the first time today . It's honestly a pretty cool feeling . I feel . . . smart . ^_^ 
You know you guys , instead of always tagging me twice in things , and sending me two notes , you could always block my other profile , and un-friend it . I won't be hurt , I promise . 
Is oh so alone , by herself , and , erm , eating cereal . Anyways , feel sorry for her and send her cookies please . 
boys confuse me 
is picking out a crazy color to put in her hair . Purple or blue . . . or green . . . I can't decide . 
Feels a change in the air 
The weirder things get , the better they get . The more I'm out there , the more I feel like somebody else , the more I fool myself , the better I fool myself . 
What , we are frenemies after all !! 
Broke up with creazil , because she got a new I-pod . Her parents adopted Creazil though . 
all the spam notifications has killed the joy in having a notification . 
Apparently , we are all going to die !!! 
If everybody agrees with me , I must be wrong . 
are you protecting your child fromt the dangers of fat starvation ? 
district 9 is so intense !! 
doesn't understand when people don't want any sauce on their sandwich !! 0_o 
to be perfectly and painfully honest with you , I'm never going to be honest with you . 
Good luck with School !! I love you guys so much , and will be praying for you in your new semester . Keep in touch k ? 
I miss everybody ! :( 
I like to think outside the quadrilateral parallelogram 
Just got pulled over for the first time ever , why you ask ? Speeding ? Running a red light ? No of course not . I totally got pulled over because my car had spaceship wings , ( A joke from work ) . . . they weren't hurting anybody . . . . O_0 
Lions make you brave , giants give you faith , death is a charade , you don't have to feel safe to feel unafraid . 
I had a dream that Luther wanted me back . Why does my brain insist on making me remenis like this ? 
this fake woven tapestry of immitation love never pretends hard enough for me . 
is listening to the most epic catfight ever !!!! 
You know , facebook does seem pretty . . . you know . . . self centered at times . . . 
This is how it works . You're young unil you're not . You love until you don't , you try until you can't . You laugh until you cry , you cry until you laugh , and everyone must breathe until their dying breath . 
laugh now alligator 
Cashews !!! 
oh the stories I could tell , but I can't tell them . . . 
A is out of bed , and this is what he said " Dare double dare , you can't catch me . I'll beat you to the top of that coconut tree . " Chicka chicka BOOM ! BOOM ! 
Maybe some things are as good as they seem . 
I guess I will have to hold you in suspense . . . . . . . . . . . . . you can go now 
it's like when your boss goes , " Why are you late for work ? " and you say " I died , and then Jesus came , and brought me back to life , and I thought , shit man , I'm going to be late to work , so I had him write this note . . . it's from Jesus . . . " 
why would you do meth ? I mean , if you want to intentionally loose your mind , don't you want it back someday ?? Ok , maybe not . . . 
do you realize that the sun going down is just an illusion caused by the world spinning round . 
All these fish games are getting really confusing . 
Subway Eat Fresh . . . . Zombie Eat Flesh . . . . :D 
Maybe were too young or maybe your too old to remember . 
There is nothing so simple that science can't complicate it . 
Has a pink turtle . . . and now she really needs a green turtle . True story . :P 
prayers for Bobby 
Merry Haloween !! 
Turtles !!!! 
You never know just how you'll look through other peoples eyes . 
He is one of the good ones , despite what everybody else says . 
Thats in South America ! It's like america only south ! ~ 
Don't be shocked that people die . Be shocked that you're alive . 
I'm regressing back into my childhood I swear !! OH LOOK . . . it's some polly pockets !! 
Now a days , I'm most in character when I'm out of character . 
I <3 my big sis ! :) And My big Brother ! And my amazing Mom . And my Dad . :) And my best friend and bf . . . and I <3 you too , whoever you may be . 
How long can a person spend on facebook exactly ?? A really really long time . . . 
Pride may come before the fall , but nervousness sure doesn't help either . 
Misses her Luther family . 
Some of my generation is still fairly , well . . . obsessed with Pokemon . . . I of course am not one of these people at all . . . . 
Be kind to me , or treat me mean . I'll make the most of it , I'm an extraordinary machine . 
Wants to visit Luther to say hi this spring . :/ 
Sometimes I think I'm an idiot , but then I remember that everybody is , so it's all good . 
I have a disarming smile . . . . whats your superpower ?? 
Where the sidewalk ends . <3 
Happy New Year ! Merry Xmas ! Happy Hanukkah ! Joyous Atheism ! Enraptured Humanism ! Do as thou will 
no no no . . . surprise parties are dark , they are hostile . People jump out and scream at you . They just never come to any good . 
oh dunderbeck oh dundereck how could you be so mean , to ever have invented such a terrible machine . Now allycats and long tailed rats shall never more be seen , they'll all be ground to sausage meat in dunderbeck's machine . 
love is two people with complete power over the other and no power to use it . 
their lies will always be easier to believe than His truth . 
apparently has strep throat ? How about we just take the tonsils out and skip the medicating process . 
People rebel because they feel the need to test the limits of love 
Is sick 
Yay , tis my birthday ya know . :) 
my boss just asked me to please burn our store to the ground ?? What ???? 
is glad subway is teaching her to react with immediacy and precision whenever beeping is heard . 
" I would like a 12 inch foot long on Italian Herb " Ok sir , but what kind of sandwitch would you like ? " A 12 inch " Ok . . . but what kind of meat ? " . . . . . " What kind of what ? " " Meat sir , what kind of sandwich will this be ? " " Do you guys have pastrami ? " no sir . . . " What kind of place IS THIS ???!!?? " I'm sorry sir . . . what kind of sandwich are you hungry for ? " I don't want a Sandwitch anymore !! " True story . . . 
When I become an old lady , I'm going to always die my hair random colors . It's decided . 
You are made of sugar , milk and molasses So , little darlin ' , you attract all the bees You are the gazer , you are the attraction It takes a little vanity to know what it means 
Thinks it's about time she wasn't sick anymore . no such luck 
How can I respect your opinion when it's not your own ? 
Actually really likes that whole Job chapter of the bible . It's pretty cool . Helps with my God anger issues . lol . 
is still sick , it sucks . 
Sometimes all these apps just feel like chores . Anybody with me ? 
Is really really excited to move to Minneapolis . 
1st off I feel better . 2nd , I played pokemon for probably 6 strait hours yesterday after my computer battery died , and I was still quarantined in my room with nothing else to do . 3rd , my computer charger broke again , so my computer is dead again , luckily my amazing parents are letting me use theirs quickly . lol ( Longest status ever ?? ) . . . almost . 
Now a days kids pay good money to look poor . 
Snow is everywhere !!!! 
Do you think I am like people of the world who say " yes " when they really mean " no " ? as surely as God is faithful my word does not waver between yes and no , For Jesus Christ does not waver between " yes " and " no " he is the one whom I preached about , and as God's ultimate " Yes " he always does what he says . For all of God's promises have been fulfilled in Christ with a resounding " Yes " 
My boyfriend is moving to Hawaii . Well I guess that is just my luck . 
Hooray for lent ! 
Sometimes I stalk myself on facebook . . . 
Well , she thought there would be two effects . The direct and the indirect . Naturally she thought the indirect would not be as direct as the direct , that is not right away , later on of course well nobody knows . 
Can't wait for April 3rd . 
It is not that which enters the body that corrupts it , it is that which comes from the heart . 
The FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down pretty fantastic . 
What if we fell asleep and dreamed forever , would we ever realize the dream wasn't real ? Would we ever remember what we had to wake up to ? 
Blue 
You can choose to take the millions of dollars you have stored away for your next round of ads to kill meaningful reform , and use them to start giving Americans some relief from their skyrocketing premiums , 
. . . pickles 
This eye for an eye attitude just really isn't going to get us very far now is it ? You hurled the baseball at me , there are a lot of things I could choose to do with it . My choice is to merely catch it , and set it down . 
I want to go on a walk , but apparently there was a mountain lion in my back yard this morning . . . so thats not going to happen . 
You thought that was a funny prank huh ? Well think again !!! We will see if you will be thinking this is so funny after I expose you guys for the little immature kids that you are . You are all Sheep , and you shouldn't be proud of that . 
I wish I knew what I was doing . . . 
it's not regret just remembrance is all of how close we had come the war almost won , but I sent up our flag and moved on . Empty and endless like kansas . 
It's official , today I'm satisfying my craving for double cheese burgers and fries . :P 
I've seen a rich man beg 
I've seen a good man sin 
I've seen a tough man cry 
I've seen a loser win 
And a sad man grin 
I heard an honest man lie 
NOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! 
The good news is that my ipod is very very clean . The bad news is , it went through the laundry and is now broken . 
Question . Should I go to sleep tonight ? 
Answer . Already tried , and it's too late now 
Conclusion . Well here is to a day of answering phones in a state of delirium 
arm and arm with all the harmless sociopaths 
De Processing- The act of processing backwards and in circles until you wind up right back where you started and realize that is where you were supposed to be all along . 
Funny how in a day everything can kinda just . . . change 
If anybody has any ideas for non tacky wedding decorations that are orange yellow , and turquoise , but don't look like they are autumn , or Halloween decorations . . . let me know . I'm running out of inspiration all of a sudden . 
I will feel better when these next few months are over . These next few months are just going to be insane , and I just need to accept that now . 
Flirting is kinda like tag . If you run away screaming " your it ! " and you find yourself running along by yourself , it probably means the game is over . 
Has her bridesmaid dress ! 
It baffles me that some people never dream of flying . 
is reading through some of her old social work homework assignments . It's very very strange . . . 
OMG ! My blog has almost 100 more hits since last time I checked , which granted , has been about two weeks . . . but STILL ! 

Man . . . I never knew a number could be so inspiring . 
The meaning of life is meaning 
<3 Grapefruit soda ! 
you make beautiful things out of the dust 
Ok , so my neighbors have been listening to kissed by a rose on repeat for the past hour . . . it is a good song , but this seems a bit excessive . 
time goes faster when everything is changing all at once 
Oh for the love of sarcasm ! 
I wish my hair could grow twice as long overnight , so I could finally cut it the way I want to . But alas , I will have to keep waiting and waiting and waiting . Probably for another stupid year . 
Dear God , I am nothing without you , but I don't know who you are . Call my name , you know my name , and in your love everything will change . Tell me it won't always be this hard , I am nothing without you . . . but I don't know who you are . 
I'm sick today 
I wonder if facebook will be studied like history 100 years from now . If students will have to write papers about our culture based on status updates . . . 
I have a new phone , and a new number . Text me if you want me to have yours ! 651-368-4294 
I never was a good imposter 
Icicle Bicycle <3 
is excited for Saturday . :) It's going to be awesome . 
Too excited to sleep , and this is a bad thing . 
Exhausted after a wonderful day that I will never forget . Pamela and Joel forever !!! :) <3 
We aren't in their hands , we are in His . 
So many exciting things all happening at once !!! 
Creativity is seeing something that doesn't exist already . You need to find out how you can bring it into being and that way be a playmate with God . - Michele Shea 
I think that more people need to post wedding pictures , because I don't have any of my own . 
I'm loving having homework again ! 
It's times like this that I'm glad for the contrast . It's what makes life beautifully complicated . Textured . Without it , I would be horribly bored . 
Dear college , I miss you . 
God lets us see to the curve in the road . :) All he asks is that we walk to that curve , and look around the corner , to the rest of the road that he has planned for us that we can't see yet . 
Kinda forgot what it was like being forced to force that artistic inspired moment . . . . 
Thank you God !!!! 
Lord God , please help me to stop making such and idiot of myself all the time ! That would be good ! Thank you ! 
I'm excited for the new Dr. Who . . . I hope it's good . 
Poem FINISHED ! Until . . . he asks me to rewrite it . . . again . . . :/ 
I had fun making pie today ! 
M y courser keeps constantly scrolnig ot the sdi e so taht maeks it rea l hard to type anything . I have to tap the forward arrow wit hoen hand continualyl and then tyep atthe same time wit h my otherhand . 
I live like a hermit inside of my ipod . :) 
Don't let them have their way , 
You're beautiful and so blasé , 
So please don't let them have their way 
Don't fall back into the decay , 
There is no law we must obey , 
So please don't let them have their way , 
Don't give in to yesterday 
We can build a new tomorrow , today 
We can build a new tomorrow , today 
An understatement is just another kind of exaggeration . It's just in the opposite direction . 
I cannot seem to find my phone at the moment . . . so if you texted me or called me . . . I'm sorry . . . I will find it and get back to you hopefully in the nearish future . No promises though . 
<3 my new assignments from Mr. Mork 
Take yourself on an Artist's Date . . . go ( again ) to a museum , or any place filled with art and creativity . Take a small lunch and revel in the vibes present in such places . Look for some freebie places . . . bookstores , open-to-the-public events , just go , and remember to take your sketch book with you . 
Yeah ! Lets do this !!! 
Is sitting in a real room , with a real bed , and a window and stuff . . . eating carrots suffering from slight agliophobia . . . what happened to the totally cramped environment of my closet ?? 
Had a dream she moved into a chemical factory with her old philosophy teacher , inside of it were haunted bunnies that would change shape , and like 10 dead victorian girls who would float around in really pretty dresses screaming . . . but we knew it was all a hallucination caused by the high levels of radiation left over from making chemicals . . . I think I'm stressed about housing . Who would have thunk it . 
Time to eat popcorn and watch pushing daisies !!! 
Constantly suffering from the need to make everything better then it actually is ?? There is help ! It's called a reality check !! Available anywhere you can find reality , which I must say is pretty difficult now a days . 
Who is agent X ?? I need to know ! 
Who just painted until 4 in the morning ?? ME !! 
Today I got asked if I was an LOD ! Epic win !!!! 
Houseeeeeng !!!!!! >_< dsjfklsdjflskdjflsdkjfsldkfjsldkj 
Hey look it's a distraction !!! 
I almost got hit by a car last night . I had to jump onto the little cement island with the sign on it and cling on for dear life . The lady was on her cell phone . . . figures . 
Scary weatherrr !!!! Yeah . . . I'm a wuss . . . 
God will help me ! :D FACT ! 
Is it possible for time to both be in slow motion and fast forward at the same time ? I kinda think it is ! 
wants to do some crazy mad libs 
Something doesn't have to be true to be devastating , in merely needs to be believed . 
I feel I need to admit to dramatically acting out emo songs in front of the mirror . . . like falling to my knees in mock agony type thing , it's just so much fun , I can go on like that for at least 15 min at a time . So housemates , if you are wondering why I take so long in the bathroom . . . . sorrryyyyy 
Has a new bike ! It's name is Daisy , and it is the new love of her life because it is blue , has a really cute little bike bell , is completely smooth , and makes her feel like a kid again when she is cruising the streets . Very awesome !!! 
I'm very anti establishment recently . . . but how can one fight establishment ? Is there such a thing as establishing a non establishment to bring down establishment ? Must establishment conquer establishment and always exist ? Grrrr establishment . . . . 
I kinda feel like I just had to grow into myself for a while . I used to be way too big for myself . 
But , I don't really mind that it's starting to get to me . 
I love agnes 
this much I'm sure of . I need to find me some christmas lights for my closet . It's going to be one big glowy blanket fort dream soon . I'm so excited . 
Don't trust a man that cannot be at the bottom of a joke . 
219 Griggs St. Paul . . . my favorite house so far . :) 
is looking for jobs with Americorps . 
Jealousy is an issue that creeps up inside many solid relationships and 
renders them useless , much like a discarded cow carcass . Probably the 
best way to combat jealousy is with macaroni art . 
If you had never seen light , if you had no concept of it , you wouldn't have any definition for a shadow , even though the shadow would be everything . 
Some new awesome songs ( new to me at least ) are . . . Glorious by Muse , Slow Show , by the national , Signs by Block Party , and Bishop's robes , by radiohead . That is all . :) 
DANGER : Rags , steel wool or waste soaked with this product may spontaneously catch fire if improperly discarded . Contains oxidizing oil . PRECAUTIONS : Immediately after use place soiled material in a sealed water filled metal container . 
Needs a job . Nuff said . 
The quieter voice sometimes has the most interesting idea , if we can just get to it . 
One more day in Lander . . . 
So this is what morning feels like !! 
There are skyscrapers here !! <3 lol 
aether is such a cool word 
I'm only half way through the blind side , and I already know it's one of my favorite movies . 
Thank you 
Beautiful bride , body of christ , one flesh abiding strong and unifying . 
just submitted her application to target , and hopes to hear back soon . 
HA ! It's only -8 outside . That is like , way better then everybody was saying . 
Just spent over 100$ on art supplies . And she doesn't regret it one bit . 
Has given up on most of her pointless facebook apps for a while . Because what is the point ? Can anybody answer me that ? :) 
has an interveiw with target on Monday at 11 am . Yay for meee ! 
I'm smiling so bright because of the contrast , but I don't suppose you would understand . 
I <3 Yaan Tiersen . . . oh so much . 
got the job . I will be working phones and dressing room . 
Loans suck 
Do I stress you out , my sweaters on backwards and inside out and you say how appropriate . 
is awake by choice at 9 in the morning ? What is going on ?? lol 
Decided she has enough news for a different status . . . so here goes . I suck at taking the bus , I love my new Church , I have a house , and I am working on the job thing , and getting closer every day . I love my Sister's new boyfriend , I love all of my roommates that I'm going to be living with , and I am pretty much just loving life , and the cities , despite 6 hour bus treks . 
Just picked up like 50 applications to fill out . Well , time to get to writing I guess . 
-- .. - . - .... . - .... . - MUAHAHA 
Tomorrow I'm not going into target , in my mind , I'm going into Mordor . Here I come black Friday . 
Here jobby jobby jobby job ! 
just decided that there is nothing that could possibly be more important at the present moment then finishing reading Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy . 
I'm beginning to think that we don't fall in love out of nobility . We do it out of pure boredom . 
Praise God , I'm about to sign a lease . :) Apparently I won't be living in a tent . 
You are free to conspire . :D 
Well , it's like my Grandma always says . If life doesn't give you lemons , you cannot make lemonade . 
Crisis Averted 
Is now officially a Target employee ! I start next Tuesday . :) Muahahaha 
likes this 
but , I don't WANNA 
Today I met somebody who didn't know what youtube was . . . somebody my age . . . and I was pretty much . . . extremely surprised . 
There is freedom waiting in the sound , when you let your walls fall to the ground , we are here now . This is where the healing begins , this is where the healing starts , when you come to where your broken with Him , the light meets the dark . 
My name is Marshell and oh noo thats not the first time I have done that . My name is Marcel and I'm partially a shell as you can see on my body but I also have shoes and a face so I like that about myself and I have a lot of other great qualities as well . 
Here is one big consecutive thanks for all who are , and who eventually will , wish me a happy birthday . Consider yourself thanked for the wishes and all that . 
Lost her passport . . . prayers for that please . :( 
He was not a philosopher , but surely he was the cause of philosophy in others 
Pyrophoricity ( My word of the night ) 
I'm listening to garbage . No really , garbage is the name of the band . :) 
Dear camera hidden in the traffic light . Yes you , the one that watches me J walk every single day !! What do you think of me now huh ? I disagree with your pointless don't walk hand . I will walk if I want to . Now what ? Also . . . dear street-lamps . Why do you all have numbers on you that almost follow a sequence , but in the end , just fail at having a pattern ? Ok . . no further questions . 
I don't have internet for a while . I'm all moved in , haven't started the job yet based on details . I turned our closet into a fort that is also my room and it is really pretty and cozy . I can't wait to see college people again so when any of you are in the cities , please call and we can hang out ! :) 
Some days at target are just too depressing to even mention . 
went swimming in the river this morning , it was so awesome . . . her jean shorts are still slightly wet . Also , she preemptively dumped a bad idea , and it felt good . Also she smiled at some strangers , and they lit up , and that was awesome . She woke up at 5 , which was also awesome , but she has to work from 4 pm , until midnight , which is not awesome , and she may still get time to regret her energy burst this morning . 
I'm lost . I have gone out to find myself . Should I return before I get back , please tell me to wait ! Thanks 
is in love with MIKA ! 
TARGET . We are like the borg , only more smiley , and wearing red . You will be assimilated . 
Doubt now the stars are fire , doubt now the sun doth move , doubt truth to be a lie , but never doubt I love . 
It's a good thing I don't take people too seriously , or I might have been thoroughly freaked out when my boss threatened to strangle me today for squishing her bread by setting it the wrong way on the pan . 
Thinks that the word brandishing is a way better word then holding . 
I wan't to recognize your beauty isn't just a mask 
wishes that every day was 25 hours long . 
My wife and I weren't able to have children , that's why we chose to imagine them . The doctor suggested that and it's actually been incredibly rewarding . ( Brett's wife is unable to have children because she isn't a real woman ) yes , she is imaginary , yeah . . . the kids take after her in that sense but she is very beautiful . She is a much better kind of woman then some of the women that I have imagined . 
learned how to say MUAHAHA in morris code 
MY SIS IS ENGAGED !!! I have been waiting to post this for like . . . a freaking month . 
We human beings are more alike then we give each-other credit for . 
You can't trust in God to teach you trust . It is impossible . Luckily , this won't stop him , offend him , or hurt him in any way . Why would God ask the impossible of you you numbskull ? 
Most of us don't really know who we are , but at least some of us know who and what we are pretending to be . 
There is nothing that is really truly pointless . Even pointless things have a point , even if that point is only to be pointless . 
Is reading a book called " Going Postal " It rocks . . . 
YAY ! Direct deposit is finally kicking in ! 
If is grace is an Ocean , we are all sinking 
I feel that facebook pages need two walls . One for normal stuff , and one for mindless games . . . so that all the notifications don't bury my life . 
I am very dominant when it comes to not being dominant . 
Status update . Becca is - Looking for colleges - Writing poems - reading terry pratchet - watching pushing daisies - listening to music - freezing on her walks to work- answering a lot of phone calls about target - not feeling at all sorry for herself of course- and eating macaroni and cheese . Any questions or comments . . . you know what to do . 
>_< . . . . . X_X . . . . 0_O . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . x_x . . O.O . . . . 
Because sometimes emoticons are better then words 
If you want to destroy my sweater , hold this thread as I walk away . 
PREPARE THE PREPARATIONS !!!!!!! 
is an ENFP , and that is my final answer 
When was the last time you heard a song with ankles in it ?? 
And . . . he is with God now 
It's always nice to have your great friends around to remind you that any boy would be crazy not to have you if you loved him . 
If I could attack with a more sensible approach , obviously thats what I'de be doing . 
has agreed to be the " Maid of honor " and cannot contain her excitement so she is posting this on facebook . 
yeah . . . I can never decide on a profile pic . 
NOBODY expects the Spanish Inquisition ! Our chief weapon is surprise !... Surprise and fear ... Our two weapons are fear and surprise ... and ruthless efficiency ! Our three weapons are fear , and surprise , and ruthless efficiency ... and an almost fanatical devotion to the Pope ... Our four ... no ... Amongst our weapons ... Hmf ... Amongst our weaponry ... are such elements as fear , surpr ... I'll come in again . 
Horoscopes are dumb 
Is writing a booook !!! Don't question it ! It's happening . 
and the coffee addiction continues . I'm so far gone that I now feel it is a good idea to pour coffee into nearly anything . Ice cream of any flavor , oatmeal , on top of cake , I dip cookies in it , and well . . . the list goes on . 
I am therefor I think . 
Entropy 
And that takes care of that ! No more CREEPERSSSS . Stupid sick minded creepers . . . let the quarantine begin . 
You know , when a guy says , " I'm not like all those other guys " he is pretty much acting in the exact same way that " all those other guys " acted who pretended to not be like all the other guys . It's the guys who say , " I'm just like everybody else " that are really different . 
You know what HECK is right ?? Heck is the place where people go when they don't believe in gosh !! 
Started out her day with " Don't cry over spilled fish + broken alarm clock + soaked becca " 
The truth is , the only time I really feel compelled to say " I don't care " is when I do , and it's not allowed . 
Wants to go fishing !! 
Is happy that her one and only Dad is on facebook . If you were here Dad , I would be drinking your tea ! Just so you know . 
for the last 3 hours I have been sitting here thinking . . . " Why am I still awake ? I am waking up at 5:30 in the morning " . . . . oh well . 
wishes her hair would grow faster 
I absolutely need to see Muse live before I die , at least once , but preferably more than once . 
Ok , so here is the deal . Everybody is to drop what they are doing , immediately , and come and kidnap me , and take me away to Luther , ok ? Ok . . please and thank you . BECAUSE I MISS YOU ALL WAY TOO MUCH AND IT ISN'T FAIR >_< The end . . . . . . . 
My poor beta just had a very traumatizing experience involving a bathroom sink . I'M SO SORRRYYYYYY !!! >_< I think he is in shock . 
is feeling true to her middle name 
THE BKC LIVES ON ! 
Remember , it's not to keep me in , but to keep all the sickies out . Quarantine ! 
Getting lost really isn't possible if you aren't trying to be anywhere . 
Loves the apprehension of a newly synched ipod , watching the little wheel turn , knowing how many old rediscovered songs are going to be coming with me every day , and some newly discovered ones too . It's amazing how much good music I have that I know nothing about . Just pressing shuffle is great , hearing the new perfect mix . . . ^_^ Oh the joys of music . 
Best halloween EVER ! 
Dear John Reuben . . . why doesn't my favorite song on your newest album have a name ? Why must it be called , " Album version " that just isn't any fun at all . 
Loves Moms who leave notes everywhere about the yummy food she left me in the fridge , and also about the breakfast I have to look forward to in the morning . :) I love love love that . Love you Mom ! 
A zen garden is just a big sand box for adults . I want one . 
You used to be much more . . . " muchier " you have lost your muchness . 
Today is the one and only day so far that I have been sorely tempted to call in to work unnecessarily , but I guess I'm going . 
Bought 64 crayons for 2.99 $ 
GAHHHHH !!!!! WHY WHY WHY ?? 20 min of sleep is simply not enough for an 8 1/2 hour work day . I am not a happy camper . Not a happy camper at all . BLAH . Dang . . . sleep deprivation really brings out my dramatic side . 
Has a new favorite show . " dead like me " sound depressing ? Trust me , it's not . 
Maybe people should just find one pretty spot , and then stay there . 
Just worked a 15 hour shift 
is 81% servant 81% Exhorter . . . and 100% Mercy . ^_^ 
Feels like the world is conspiring to let her know that she is loved . Oh how awesome is that ? 
My life seems to be becoming more and more ironic . 
You need to brush your teeth , because if you don't the scum stays on your teeth , and if the scum stays on your teeth . your teeth fall out , and that is how you become a pirate . 
God has it all figured out 
No . . . I wasn't stalking him . I was haunting him . 
Mercy screams its violent love 
#$%^ ! &$ (#* W (& you student loans !!!!!!!!! >_< #$@%^ @hopscotch %$(*& flowers and lullabies $*&^(*$7*(&T (*$&* 9 bunnies . The end . 
Would it help to complain publicly that I am sad that I'm not going to college right now ? No , it would not . Am I going to do it anyways ? Why yes I am . Have a good year . . . . . without me . . . . sigh . 
Because the tree is scared of heights 
Because , why would I memorize the directions to a place that I'm never going to go ? 
this is one of those many moments in which I could have chosen to say something normal for once , but I went with this instead . 
what am I but a single girl armed with just five senses in a senseless world ? 
Because I'm not planning on photoshopping you into the picture , I'm planning on physically putting you there . 
I'm sorry that I didn't tell you guys that I was the one sooner . . . I didn't think you could handle it . 
Facebook always does me the favor of reminding me that I'm not the only one not sleeping . Thanks facebook friends , for supporting my insomnia . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T_MMV3bJOI&feature=channel 
What music is everybody jamming out to right now ? Post your links to show me !! 
Christianity - Christ = Religion . 
whatever you dare to do don't you dare feel alone . There are so many of us out here . Just so many of us have such a small voice , we forgot to be ourselves , we forget to speak up . We let the silence win . The silence is against us , because it knows we can defeat it . So it will always tell you that it is greater than you are , but I'm here to tell you , that you are so much greater then the silence will ever be . 
I have one simple request , and that is to have sharks with frickin ' laser beams attached to their heads . 
" OH boy OH boy . . . it's the moment we have all been waiting for !!!!! " . . . . umm . . . actually never mind , it's not . 
Sometimes moving on means letting go of things that we love , so that we can let go of things that we hate . 
All I see is little pieces of past future feelings personifications , constantly shifting from one moment to the next , and sometimes settling into one massive confused pile . I am vast . There is a city inside of my head , but I am not that city , I am only watching it . I am outside of it , removed from it , I am nowhere to be found . 
I do not wish to be comfortable , I only wish to be safe . Because if we are comfortable , we are surly not safe , and also , we do not think , or wish , or dream for anything but that which we already possess , but if we are safe , and not comfortable , there is no telling what we can accomplish . 
God help us all 
I realized that I am disorganized , but I like order , I just can't seem to keep it . 
Inside the dark deepest part of my mind , through sunshine rain idle dreams keep me sane . Were only feathers in the wind , falling from the sky without wings , and though the world my fall , I know I see , sunlight through the rain over me . 
Lets just close our eyes , and jump into the abyss of the unknown . I have a feeling there are some cookies in there . 
Why does the world act like caring about things is a capitol offense ? Why is it that when you genuinely care for somebody so much that you could cry for them , that it comes across as gushy , unbelievable , and fake ? Why is it people love people who hate them , and hate people who love them ? I for one , am tired of this crap . 
Dear members of the Target Staff . I think it's time to start having a snowball fight . Us , hiding behind mountians of snow by the entrance , vs any guests who dare enter our domain ! 
watch in awe and amazement as I clean things !!! 
the whole world is moving , and I'm standing still 
http://jigsaw2888.blogspot.com/ 
Because I have shared with enough people now that I might as well just go all the way . It feels good . 
Oh , another tornado dream , wow brain , thats so original . I feel like I'm watching freaking reruns at night , I'm bored with getting sucked up by giant towers of air . 
' s brain kersploded 
Time to go to bed ? Already ? Dang it ! 
Stupid garlic butter ! 
Found her IPOD ! Hooray ! 
Oh hello there Metallica . . . we meet agian . 
wants to write uplifting poems , and tie them to balloons , and let em go ! 
And look at it this way . . . certain death has been replaced with uncertain death , and so that is an improvement . 
dreamers visionaries living vicariously , hypothetically speaking about how good we could be , what you lack in confidence make upin energy , tonight where gonna party through insecurity 
Seriously thought her roof was going to cave in today , it was rather frightening . 
" Lod , otherwise known as lord of dragons , you have a call on 2280 please " 
Oh creazil dear . . . you shall be missed . . . and may whatever hands you have fallen into be the correct hands . Hands that shall respect your vigilantly chosen selection of songs . . . sigh . . . 
Thats like trying to put two ponies on the same graham cracker !!! 
The King's Speech looks really good ! I wanna see it . 
You know that you work in retail when you look down at the laundry that you have been folding , and realize that every single shirt is perfectly folded , symmetrical , and perfectly ready to go " back out on the shelf " 
There is a crack in everything . Thats how the light gets in . 
Dinosaur chicken nuggets , broccoli , and milk ! Whats not to like ? 
And you know evil is an exact science , obedient , carefully correct and wrong . 
It's so polite that it's offensive 
Just remember , if you believe me , then it is TRUE ! 
2 weeks , 6 days , 8 hours , 50 min , 25 seconds 
