i just updated my quotes . everyone should take a look . 
To do is to be - Descartes 
To be is to do - Voltaire 
Do be do be do - Frank Sinatra 
I have finally found something worth something in my life ..... MONEY !!!!!..... just kidding I'm as broke as that horse ( OH wait that was your mom ) 
once upon a midnight dreary , while i porn 
surfed , weak and weary , over many a strange and spurious site of ' hot 
xxx galore ' . While i clicked my fav'rite bookmark , suddenly there came a 
warning , and my heart was filled with mourning , mourning for my dear 
amour , " ' Tis not possible ! " , i muttered , " give me back my free hardcore ! " ..... 
quoth the server , 404 . 
or maybe im just sick . i cant tell . 
WOO I LOVE driving at night with my 
stepmother , while im tired , and im hungry , and i forgot to put the car 
into drive while backing up . i almost hit someone else LOL . but thnks to 
my awesome reflexes , the only person to get hit on this trip was 
inexperience . WOOT 
im sry everyone i need to get my act together 
can someone give me advise , this is the first time i have ever pursued a relationship with anyone and i have no idea wat im doing . 
something is wrong with me , i cant eat , cant work , cant concentrate , and i can barely sleep , i nearly passed out at football today and we didnt even do anything . i only have one thing coursing through my head right now and i really dont want to talk about it . but i believe that this one thing is the reason for my depression . i will not disclose what it is . until something changes i'm probably gonna stay like this . 
im going to stop typing now , my problems are not your guys's problems . 
please God i need a break PLEASE 
i am now legally able to call myself a nerd . im playing runescape right now and im kicking ass in falador . woot !! 
I HAVE THE ABILITY TO SAVE MY ASS FROM MY BAD GRADES WWOOOOOOOOOOOTTT 

I MIGHT EVEN ( finally ) END UP WITH A 4.0 CALEB MCKENZIE FTW 
a bit of wisdom for those of you that think life is work : life is not work , you work to live , so having the best time while still fulfilling your known obligations is how life was intended to be lived . but one thing that will lead to disaster is when you think that your life could never change and laze about your duties . dont break away from everything just to get ahead in the race for riches . 
i feel content , i have great test scores , good friends , good grades , im doing very well in football and have a chance to start in the regular season . the only thing to do now is to finish strong and to find love somewhere . but i can only hope . 
SO BORED !!!!!! someone do something with me 
/cry , sob , moan 
If your brave ... copy this in your status & 
see what people rate you .. ( 1 ) crazy . ( 2 ) wish we went out . ( 3 ) 
talkative . ( 4 ) sarcastic . ( 5)loveable . ( 6 ) sexy . ( 7 ) strong . ( 8 ) 
goodlooking . ( 9 ) spoiled . ( 10)mouthy ( 11)wild . ( 12 ) goofy . ( 13 ) funny . 
( 14 ) awesomly awesome . ( 15)amazing(16)beautiful ( 17)cute . ... ( 18 ) best 
friend ( 19 ) random 
i feel like a black guy with all this watermelon 
starting to get my nerd on . going down to game hq to start playing some card and board games YESSSSSSSSssssssss ... 
tulsa team camp was awesome , tiresome tho . all day was running and tackling and catching and running with about an hour break for breakfast lunch and dinner . the tulsa campus was beautiful , i even think they had a castle , or maybe it was a fortress . watever it was it looked cool . the sharp chapel on campus had some of the most beautiful gothic colored glass art that i had ever seen . 
