Lost two more cadets and a SeeD today . I had to help some guys get to the infirmary so I'm getting ready to try and find the van to get more supplies for the nurses . And I dearly miss the cooking back home ._. I've been spoiled with coming home to a warm meal waiting for me . 

Any news on your end ? And are you sure you don't want me to take a day trip , Yuna Fayth Suzuki ? 
I wish our uniforms were warmer ._. I'm freezing my ass off . They tell me that I'm going to be up and out on the field at 6 AM until ' ?? ' Since I'm on night watch again until 11 ( they're letting me sleep tonight ! ) , maybe Yuna Fayth Suzuki could give me a call and let me talk to the kids and her ...? 
GOING TO SLEEP IN 3 MINUTES !! I want sleep sooooo badly . Though , it was really nice talking to Yuna Fayth Suzuki , Lennon and Luna . See you guys the 3rd !! 
* bangs head against wall * I .... CAN'T .... SLEEP ... 
Going to try and sleep ... or at least just lay in bed . x_x 
Pssssst , did you know that Tidus Ahh Taylor is a dickless ass ? 
As requested by Yuna Fayth Suzuki . An update . 
Well , today as I was out on the field and a swarm of unicorns made of chocolate rained down . I was surrounded by these chocolate fiends ; it looked as though I was done for . But someone across the field cast firagra and melted the unicorns . I still don't know who my savior is , I believe he was a giant glittering turtle . 
Okay , seriously now . 
Three more guys were killed today ; two more injured . I've been out on the field all day fighting and I'm tired as hell . And they tell me that Friday-Sunday I'm doing re-con and leading an invasion . Please , try not to worry anymore , Yuna Fayth Suzuki , but that means no calling/texting or anything with me this weekend . 
Well , last night I gave a certain girl a surprise visit . I thought that since I won't be able to talk with her this weekend I might as well come visit . Had a very fun night with Yuna Fayth Suzuki . I took the LONGEST shower when I got up <3 It feels great to be home . 
The invasion was a complete success ; in fact , it was so successful that I'm coming home Thursday . That's right , I'M COMING HOME THE 24TH !! Can't wait to be able to sleep well , eat good food and be awakened by kids jumping on my bed . 
I'll be home 8 days earlier , good news , Yuna Fayth Suzuki ? 
Così , ho adottato un bambino italiano ... il suo nome è apparentemente Itay . Così i thats un altro ragazzo alla mia lunga lista dei bambini . 
What have I missed ? When did Rena Lynette Leonhart grow up so much ? I am such a terrible parent ._. 
Okay , Sora Strife-Awaiosonoankoku ... maybe it IS a bad idea to allow Denzel Awaiosonoankoku to watch Metalocalypse ................. 
Apparently , if mine and Yuna Fayth Suzuki's relationship doesn't work ... Cløud Strife-Fair is going to snap my dick off ._. 
Night all , going to sleep with my beautiful girlfriend Yuna Fayth Suzuki . <3 
Going to go cook dinner for me and Yuna Fayth Suzuki . 
Yes , I know you all are happy to have me back but please stop standing outside my bedroom door and singing ' In The Jungle ' while I'm trying to sleep . Yes , haha . Very funny . 
Because it'll embarrass Yuna Fayth Suzuki . Yuna just sat on my lap and bounced for me and kissed me sexily ... bra-less . 
Thinks Paine Sabbath is a SEXY Bitch ... Shhh Don't tell Yunie ... : x 
" Do YOU like to bounce on MY sexy lap ? " -Yuna Fayth Suzuki 
Yuna Fayth Suzuki , if we have ANY more kids and if one is a boy I am naming him Leonardo . And that is that . :D 
So , yeah . I'm getting my own show because I'm psychic . It's gonna be called ' That's so Squall ' 
D: BUT Cløud Strife-Fair , I DON'T WANT TO GO TO AN AA MEETING !!!!!!! Yuna Fayth Suzuki CONTROL YOUR BESTIE !! 
Pssst , Yuna Fayth Suzuki ... I love you . 
" They never break down- but I do ! " -Maytag guy on Robot Chicken 
I will be a good father . I will not kill my idiot daughter . I will be a good father . I will not kill my idiot daughter . I will be a good father . I will not kill my idiot daughter . I will be a good father . I will not kill my idiot daughter . I will be a good father . I will not kill my idiot daughter . I will be a good father . I will not kill my idiot daughter . I will be a good father . 
I need a drink ... or two ... or twelve ... ._. 
Yuna Fayth Suzuki like kisses ? XD 
Jack , have I ever told you how much I love you ? Yes , that is correct I love Mr. Daniel 
I hate it when I run out of shampoo and I have to use baby shampoo ............................. okay , not really , I like the way it smells .... ._. 
... I've ... played ... Dissidia ... all ... day ... completed ... my level ... Cløud Strife-Fair's ... and Tidus Ahh Taylor's ... I STARTED ZIDANE'S BUT THAT GODDAMN KEFKA !! -twitch- 
VIII DOES NOT LIVE IN THE SHADOW OF VII !! 
It's Final Fantasy South Park month . -nods- 
I understand that it is a kind gesture , but Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku , please stop inviting me too your 3 AM trips to Wall Market . It's not cool to call me at 2:30 to ask me if I want to go . 
" I saw you smiling at me , was it real or just my fan-TASY ? " -Yuna Fayth Suzuki ( I <3 you :D ) 
Go to Google Translate copy and paste " äääääääääääääää " and translate from German to Turkish , the result ? The meaning of life . 
Come on , Yuna Fayth Suzuki and Irvine Kinneas ... join us South Parkians . 
Night all . School/Work tomorrow . Going to try and help Irvine Kinneas and Zell Dincht study for their exams . 
Is at GARDEN trying to get Irvine Kinneas and Zell Dincht to focus on studying . 
No , Yuna Fayth Suzuki . You had your chance . GTFO of my cocoon . 
Okay , I am really enjoying scrolling down and seeing all the South ... Enix ... characters . XD 
Soooo , apparently drinking the last of the Diet Coke from the 2 liter is ' bad ' . 
Is done working on South Park peeps today . It's 2:30 . 
Okay , it's 3:09 . Bed time for me and Yuna Fayth Suzuki . 
Has eggrolls . 
Dear Fish-headed horse 
Please leave my living room . You are seriously crushing all the little dragons running around the floor trying to eat the rice . 
Sincerely , Squall 
Is gonna whip Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku's ass at some video games . 
You just can't trust them Bi-SEX-u-als .... 
Pssst , Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart ... I love you . 
I <3 you , Raion . 
Oh , and Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart XD 
Okay , I have to start being happier , louder , funnier , nicer and more adorable . 
-nods- 
is going to sleep at 4:30 AM on a school/work night . Yeah , I'm going to be paying for this . 
Lunch break at Garden . By the time I got to sleep my alarm went off , though it was worth it I had quite a night with Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart . 
// Squallsdead.com ...... I think ... my .... mind ... it's .... been blown ...... IT ALL MAKES SENSE NOW !!!!!! 
... so ... Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku is convinced I suffer from Abandoned Child Syndrome . Please tell me someone disagrees . 
Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart is distracting me from my work . 
I hate writing essays . ._. Dammit , Garden ! 
So ... yeah , FFVIII ... I'm dead . O.o holy shit , man . 
Nooooooooooooo ! I've seen the Aqua Teen a million times D: 
Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart : " ? Dude , dude , dude , OMG ! He's so sexy ! Sexy , sexy ! ? * continues with song * " 
You and I wake up in bed together .. Using five words , what would you say to me ? ** Note : if you comment , you must repost this as your status . 
... the sad truth is ... I'm whipped ... ._. 
... hmm , well ... it's 4:43 AM ... my alarm will go off a 5 ... -facepalm- Why the hell do I keep doing this ? 
Okay , so no work tomorrow . That means I have the whole day to be on strike . 
No work todaaay ! I'm gonna sleep iiiiiin , it's 5:19 AMMMMM . Gonna have a good day in my cardboard- OHMYGOD !!! 
Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart , 6:48 PM . 
When you fail too much for a facepalm , the only thing left too do is ... -headdesk- 
I could reallllllllly go for a cigarette right about now ... and a drink ._. Okay , so this whole ' quitting smoking and drinking ' thing is going to be harder than I thought ... 
ADIDAS . That is all . 
Jecht Taylor : AND BLAH-DE-LA-DE-BLAH-BLAH-BLAH . 
Due to my alcohol and cigarette withdrawal I have fallen back onto sugar ... and how I love you , Sugar ... 
Me : " Hey , Yuna , wanna see my sexy hair flip ? " 
Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart : " Yeah . " 
Me : -flips hair- " Sexy , huh ? " 
Yuna : " No . " 
//Me and Jecht Taylor were in the kitchen being manly trying to find something to snack on , I guess Jecht slid ( but caught his balance ) when I had my back turned and when I asked him what happened he reenacted it and then fell . I feel better about tripping now . XD 
I want Dairy Queen ... damn you , Dairy Queen ... why aren't you close too my house ? 
<--- Going to be stuck in a car with Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku and Jecht Taylor . Thank Shiva , I'm going to have Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart with me . She will be the only thing keeping me from killing the other two . 
Well , I survived the drive , turns out that Jecht Taylor is a terrible driver and Laguna Loire drives like an old man . Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku wanted to get there early and early we were ._. 
I'M NOT PARANOID OR INSECURE . 
Got an exam Monday , got to train some cadets after that , giving a tour of GARDEN to some new recruits , then I have to help out with Selphie's festival , help Irvine study and go over Zell's paper + classes thrown in there and I've got to get home make time for Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart and the kids ... 
I am reallllllly missing my Marlboro . 
Hey , Benjamin Viktor Williams , why don't we leave Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart and forget about her and run off together . ;) Because you know I'd like that :D 
Unicorns eat hummus for their metabolism and tortillas for horn upkeep/growth . And they only share their food with their mates . Right , Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart ? And mermaidunicorns exist . 
My exam went by fast , me and the cadets got some training in , Quistis gave the tour for me , the meeting for the festival was postponed , Irvine said he had the studying under control , I went over Zell's paper , one class was canceled because the instructor called in sick at the last minute and the other classes went by fast . It's good being home early . 
" If you love video games , why not make it a career ? Lead Game Testers can earn as much as $60 , 00 a year ! Learn more here . " 
WELL , DAMN ! IF I CAN MAKE $60.00 A YEAR ... 
._. So ... much ... competition ... dammit , Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart , stop being so irresistible ! 
Is heading off to work . 
I love you Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart 
I swear if one more cocky cadet addresses me as ' Commander Fagot ' or ' Commander Gay-ass ' I am beating them to a bloody fucking pulp . 
<3 <3 <3 <3 Loves Rena-Lynette Leonhart soooooo much , and I'm going to cuddle her and hug her and kiss her and love her nonstop when I get home . <3 <3 <3 <3 
Selphie wants to throw me a party ... because 2011 means I've been with Garden for twenty years . ._. I hate parties ... 
Is watching Lovely Bones ; making me fucking sick . 
I NEVER had sex , smoked weed , skipped class , snuck out , or been drunk . Post this as your status and whoever likes it thinks your lying about one or all of them 
... Angeal Hewley and Prétty Príncéss Taylor are arguing about whats better : honor or Blitzball ... what a wonderful discussion going on at SEplayhouse . * facepalm * 
SeeD or SOLDIER ? 
Prétty Príncéss Taylor sent me this over chat 
~ ( >:| ) --|---< 
I had to share it with you . It kinda reminds me of Auron Ishikawa ... 
Awww ... it's okay if Raion doesn't love you , Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart ... I still love you . <3 
Why is my pussy so wet ? 
YOU PASS OUT AND LATER YOU WAKE UP TO FIND OUT THAT YOUR MARRIED TO ME AND THAT WE ARE ON OUR HONEYMOON ....... using only 3 words . What would you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this as your status , so i may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport . Play along ... 
Gave Yuna some money , sent her and Cloud out for a day to do whatever since she's been feeling stressed . I cleaned the kitchen and I am currently doing the laundry . 
Really hates getting cockblocked by Cløud Strife-Fair and his damn texting Yuna Fayth Suzuki . 
Tomorrow marks me being sober and smoke free for ten days . It's seemed longer than that ... maybe because it's been hell ... 
DON'T DRINK OR SMOKE . IT'S A BITCH TO STOP . 
I <3 Yuna Fayth Suzuki . 
<-- had a chocolate craving and is now eating white chocolate , milk chocolate , milk chocolate and peanut butter and butterscotch baking chips . 
Yeah , I've got Yuna Fayth Suzuki eating right out of the palm of my hand . Literally . 
Imma pretty butterfly 
Hey , Cløud Strife-Fair , Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku , Zack Fair , Genesis Rhapsodos and Angeal Hewley ... SeeD is better than SOLDIER ! Stick that in your potion and suck it ! 
Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia 
The fear of long words . 
Attention , Dylan Holmes 
In case you didn't know , as a SeeD I am highly trained in poking wars . 
I will win . 
-S . Leonhart 
Dammit , Raion . Eat the chip . 
Reality isn't so kind . Everything doesn't work out the way you want it to . That's why ... as long as you don't get your hopes up , you can take anything ... you feel less pain . 
Why can't I take my own advice ? I'm such a moron . 
... is heading out to GARDEN . Sleeping in my dorm tonight ... 
Is in my GARDEN dorm ... probably going to try and sleep ... long work day tomorrow ... night everyone . 
... I can't sleep ... it doesn't feel right ... sleeping alone ... 
I can't get my fucking life together . Someone , please , I want gun to my head . 
Cid called me to his office today . 
He told me to take the rest of the day off . 
Then he said " April Fools !! " 
Instead he's sending me out to Dollet for a mission tomorrow . 
I'm going to be sent out to Dollet tomorrow morning . I haven't been given a return date yet . 
That should give you some time ... to think some things through , Yuna Fayth Suzuki . 
... well ... the mission to Dollet turned out to be an assassination attempt plotted by Sephiroth ... 
Well , nice to know he wants me dead ... 
I feel so drained . 
Back in my dorm at GARDEN ; working on reports and studying . 
<-- Doing homework . 
Nothing lasts in this world . Someday you're bound to lose everything . Everybody around you will be gone . Then what are you left with ? Nothing . Nobody ... It's so miserable . And it's inevitable . It's so hard to recover from something like that . I never ever want to deal with that again . I can't . Even if it means being alone ... 
//Well , since Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku killed me , I suppose I'm off to bed ! 
When tomorrow starts without me , and I’m not there to see , 
If the sun should rise and find your eyes all filled with tears for me ; 
I wish so much you wouldn’t cry the way you did today , 
while thinking of the many things we didn’t get to say . 
I know how much you care for me , and how much I care for you , 
and each time that you think of me I know you’ll miss me too ; 
Is finally back . 
Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart , I WANT TO MARRY YOU TODAY :3 I LOVE YOU THAT MUCH . YOU MAKE ME SUCH A SOFTY ! :3 
Is choosing to be the adult and ignoring Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku . 
._. I sense cat-fights in my near future ... 
Me e Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonharta sono andare in Italia , per gentile concessione di Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku . Così , ho deciso ho bisogno di rispolverare il mio italiano . 
" Simply Wood Rings : An eco-conscious artisan shop creating wooden wedding rings made from salvaged wood . On your special day , give her wood ! " 
I won't be getting Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart a wooden ring but I will be giving her ' wood ' . :P 
( Sorry , baby ... it was too tempting to pass up ) 
//Goodnight . 
Yuna Fayth Suzuki-Leonhart , you need to be going to sleep . YOU ARE SICK . GET YOUR REST . 
... Rena-Lynette Leonhart is my daughter , of course she's my daughter ... she's mine and Reno Quinton Atakawashi-Shinra daughter ... Rufus Shinra isn't her father ... of course he's not ... 
Work today was tiring . We had the SOLDIERS and Turks over today , I hate to admit it but ... they can fight ... just not as good as SeeD . 
CALL OF DUTY : BLACK OPS . 
It's addicting . 
Is now the proud father of Lockett and Leona Leonhart . <3 
<3 Yuna Fayth Leonhart <3 
* insert witty hipster remark here * 
Yuna Fayth Leonhart : Oh , my ! Oh , my ! <3 
The word ' wow ' is too mainstream . I use the word ' wowerlaaderando ' instead . 
Dammit , Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku !! Stop trying to rape Yuna Fayth Leonhart !! 
//Offline , Going out with Yuna Fayth Leonhart and Sephirøth Awaiosonoankoku . Be back late . 
People are always telling me " If you don't have anything nice to say , don't say anything at all " then they wonder why I'm so quiet . 
YEAHHHH !!! NEW YEARS AND DRUNK AS HELL !!!! XD IMMA PARTY PARTYING WITH ZELL , QUISTIS , IRVINE , YUNA , TIDUS , JECHT AND EVERYONE ELSE TO WHOM I DID NOT LIST !!!!!!! GONNA BE A GOOD YEAR !!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!!!!!!! 
Bah , humbug . >:| 
I can has home-made cookies ? Why yes I can has home-made cookies -om nom nom nom- 
Okay , all Square Enix Playhouse members written down and accounted for . :3 I like organization 
Is lazy tonight ; only walked on the treadmill for 50 minutes ._. * SLACKER * 
Doesn't get to spend Valentine's Day with Reno Quinton Atakawashi-Leonhart , Yuna Fayth Suzuki , Cløud Strife-Fair or anyone else . Getting sent to Deling for a mission . I'll be back hopefully by Saturday or Sunday . 
Eating a quick dinner with the SeeDs and then back to the mission . They decided to split the group up so Irvine , Zell and Selphie all got transfered . At least I don't have to deal with the two drunken idiots anymore . How's everything over there , Yuna Fayth Suzuki ? 
YEAHHH ! GONNA HAVE A GOOD TIME !!! ALL RIGHT !! YEAH ! 
P-SATURDAY : BRING SNACKS , DRINKS , AND PLEASE WEAR PANTS . 
[ RSVP IN COMMENTS ] 
I <3 you , snow 
And , yet again . The snow shoveling contest winner is : Brøther Jyuu 
Been awake for 12 hours and counting . Managed to sneak away from the mission for a second . Happy Valentine's Day everyone ! Hope everyone is doing good , it's hell out here but I'll be home Sunday ( hopefully ) The one thing about Deling , there's no snow !! I've forgotten what grass and sidewalks look like ! I'm sorry I didn't give a update sooner , Yuna Fayth Suzuki . I'm trying . Tell the kids hi for me . 
Was just informed I'm going to be on night watch until 3 AM , so Yuna Fayth Suzuki feel free to text me . 
Okay , again . I apologize to ANYONE I talked to last night , and I also apologize for the ' drunk posts ' . I will try not to let it happen again 
Family Guy , you so funny . 
Jecht Taylor is a immature cry-baby . 
2:45 AM or so HQ was attacked and took an hour to get under control Lunch right now and I might try to take a 5 minute nap . Going off about 4 hours off sleep and I get to work night watch again And when I asked about the earliest time to leave they said " Actually you can probably leave Thursday ... the 3rd . " So now it's looking like I'm not coming home until March . 
See you the 3rd , Yuna Fayth Suzuki . 
! DEPRESSION ALERT ! I , Squall Leonhart , ' main ' character of Final Fantasy VIII , one of the most hated FF's , am depressed that VII got a prequel/sequel and a movie , X got a sequel , and some other FF's got remakes . And now , after living in the ever looming shadow of VII , it seemed as though one game out-shined VII , and that was XIII . And now , XIII is getting a sequel . ._. I think I'm dying . 
Well , mission briefing is over . The ever moronic Irvine Kinneas and Zell Dincht decided to go out drinking . I'm staying back at HQ and studying on the mission . Hopefully I can sleep tonight , early day tomorrow . And I'm going to try to keep you updated , Yuna Fayth Suzuki , so you won't worry so much . 
My head still hurts ... 
? + ? 
Thats right , Irvine Kinneas-Leonhart , I stole your sock . What now !? 
I apologize to anyone I talked to last night , and disregard any posts from last night . I had a little too much /eggnog/ 
OMGGGGGGGG !!!!!!!!!!! I'M NOT ALLOWED TO CURSE ON CHAT BECAUSE MY SON SAID SO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD I HAVE TO PUT UP DECORATIONS FOR CLOUD TOMORROW TO MAKE SORA HAPPEH EVEN THOUGH HE'LL NOTICE THEM FOR TWO MINUTES AND RUN INTO THE HOUSE BEGGING TO OPEN PRESENTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
No Christmas . 
Stayed up way longer than anticipated talking to Luna , Lennon and Yuna Fayth Suzuki . Night everyone . 4 AM , here I come ._. 
( ? ? ? ) obey the face . 
Finally got to Deling , me and the SeeDs went out and got some food and is now waiting for the mission briefing . I have a feeling it's going to be a loooong week . 
Because I probably won't be on tomorrow , 
Happy Valentine's Day Reno Quinton Atakawashi-Leonhart , Yuna Fayth Suzuki , Cløud Strife-Fair ! Can you all tell the kids Happy V-day for me ? And everyone else ? 
Just two more hours and I can sleep for awhile . Night watch is so boring . Thanks for keeping me ' company ' Yuna Fayth Suzuki . But seriously , if your tired to to sleep , you need your rest . :P 
?? 
16 degrees and 6+ inches of snow . 
Yeah , snow , I love you too but ... please , just go away for awhile . 
it's Valentines Day , copy this as your status and see what you get inboxed or commented ... ? 
Green : I Like You . 
Silver : I Miss You 
Pink : Be My Valentine ? 
Teal : I Think Your Beautiful 
Yellow : I Wanna Kiss You 
Red : I Love You . 
Purple : Lets Chill . 
Gold : I Used To Like You . 
Black : I Think You're Cute 
Blue : I will always love you 
Orange : I wanna have sex with you 
Well , there goes proposal plans for when I get back ._. 
Just got back to HQ the enemy slashed our vans tires so me and 2 cadets had to carry as much of the supplies from the van back to HQ . Irvine called and told me that Galbadia is sending in some recruits . We lost a cadet out on the battlefield today I couldn't stop his bleeding enough to get him to the infirmary I blame myself I should have done more 
Give me something to smile about , Yuna Fayth Suzuki . 
17 hours and counting . Still a long night ahead . Been out on the battlefield for at least 13 hours . They sent two more SeeDs and quite a few lower ranks . I didn't know this mission was going to take a turn for the worst . 
Yuna Fayth Suzuki tell the kids I love you guys and that everything is going to be okay . 
