Naiss ! USB phone modem rocks !!! :) Lifesaver ! Thumbs up to Nokia for that ! 
Why would I wanna destroy something I helped build ... 
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life . 
Monday morning , off to work , The Roots - The Day playin ' , taking the streetcar to work and smiling , ' cause every day is like a canvas we get to paint . Today's canvas is damn beautiful irrespective of the cloudy sky ( just a thought of my sunshine brings the sun out) ! ;) By the way - what's the opposite of the " blue monday " ? :D 
You discover a beautiful island upon which you may build your own society . You make the rules . What is the first rule you put into place ? 
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo , but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down . 
Kui keegi peaks huvitatud olema siis müün 4 Thirty Seconds To Mars piletit 21 . juunil Tallinna Lauluväljakul toimuvale kontserdile ( hinnaks 25 . - pilet ) . :) 
Palju õnne , vennas !!! Oled selle ära teeninud juba väga ammu ! :) 
Everyday Should Be A Holiday ! 
Biffy Clyro and Airship WOOT !!!!!!! 
Grill ja chill pärnus . Best :) 
http://www.rock.ee/tabularaza 
We were once a fairytale . Now there are no fairies in that tale ... 
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones 
http://www.sigmastorm2.com/?ref=1749778 
Imagine if one day you would get home and your girlfriend would make you a present . You remove the wrapping and discover a book inside . A book called " The Bro Code " . How awesome would that be , huh ? Well , that happened to me yesterday and it's LEGEN ... wait for it ... DARY ! You're the best girlfriend ever , honey ! ;) Muahh !!! 
Ja jällegi kord on ees sool ja leib :D 
Uujee . Reedeni puhkus :) Homme randa ? :P 
Diplomacy is the art of saying " nice doggy " until you can find a rock . 
It ain't the last song if they tell me . It's the last song if I let it be . 
Don't hassel the hoff ! :D 
Otsin palka , tööd mitte pakkuda !!! 
Baranka 
There is no ' ctrl ' button on Chuck Norris's computer . Chuck Norris is always in control . 
We can choose to throw stones , to stumble on them , to climb over them , or to build with them . 
Ja nii tuligi siis 23 
" In the waste of the great paper chase , 
money's the only thing that I'ma let you you throw in my face , 
corrupt political officials speak the issues , 
and diss you , like ? you's toilet tissue . " 
Earth is a beta site . 
Koosolek 
DubFX was awesome !!! =] 
Lõuna-Eesti , HERE WE COME !!!! Kanuumatk ja chill grüünes - the best there is to relax !!!! :) 
ALAN !!!!! 
Tee tööd , siis tuleb ka armastus ! :D Hard work-work . 
It's getting late but I don't mind ... 
It's not where you're from , It's where you're goin'! Fear nothing ! 
Üheöövälgatused välguvad täna !!!! 
