rachels wedding this weekend 
i love rain 
sooo bored 
just got back from Indiana 
hate babysitting 
got soccer practice on sunday 
gonna go on a bike ride 
its like 110 degrees outside 
it is to hot to stay outside for more that 10 minutes 
got to go to wedding tomorrow 
HATES THE COLD ! :( 
cedar point on saturday ! 
is going swimming 
soccer practice tonight 
is super tired 
soccer game tomorrow :) 
played wapak yesterday , won 2 to zip 
bored 
soccer game tomorrow , hope we win 
cedar point was awesome , i rode every good ride 
babysitting again like usual 
NOTHING TO DO ! 
nothing to do ......... again 
just got home from celina soccer tournament , we are gonna win tomorrow game 
noooo ............ its Fall 
undefeated in the St. Marys soccer tournament , hope we win tommorrows game 
soccer practice tomorrow 
why is it so cold ? 
is in florida 
just got home from Florida , very tired 
is tired of raking leaves 
hit a deer on the way to church :) 
i wish there was something to do 
making popcorn 
wishing it wasn't so cold outside 
if it has to be cold ............ it might as well snow ( alot ) 
nothing to do for new years 
seriously bored out of my mind 
babysitting ........... trying to figure out something to do 
i want to swim 
think i have insomnia 
so hungry ! why do not have any food in my house ! 
yes ! it is another BORING saturday 
all-nighter tonight , bored 
going swimming 
hates crybabies 
really tired 
listening to music , got a headache 
can't decide if i want the snow to fall 
really wish it was summer 
snowboarding at mad river mountain today 
needs to find a good book that is actually intersting 
bored . maybe i'll build an igloo today 
snow ! snow ! snow ! 
bored out of my living mind . snowboarding tomorrow 
AHAHAH ! just shoved some snow down natalies shirt 
listening to music 
soooooo cold 
have to make supper 
is ready for and early spring 
soccer game at 3 , i think it is the last home game . gonna crush LCC 
just finished my puzzle , oh yeah . it took long enough 
what a boring day 
have a horrible headache 
weird how things turn out to be the complete opposite of what you expect 
watching the olympics 
getting prepared to go outside . SNOWBALL FIGHT !!!!! 
i hate it when i am just about to fall asleep when natalie comes and disturbs me asking for my mp3 .............. and i was this close to falling asleep 
wish i had something to dooo 
is toturing my sister's ugly dog ( heehehe ) 
yessss its finally starting to warm up !!!!!!! 
running 
going outside to watch shaylee ...... fun fun 
need to find something to do 
i hate saturdays soooooo much 
ST . PATRICKS DAY 
wants a thunda storm 
the things you can make a 3 year old believe hahaaa 
rain rain rain .... 
oh how i hate the wind 
i got soul but i'm not a soldier 
shootin hoops 
oh yeah !! it keeps on getting warmer and warmer , ENOUGH OF SPRING , i'm ready for SUMMER 
stupid computer keeps on disconnecting ............... irritating 
just ate a whole box of PEEPS .............. haha 
wants the pool to be open 
whateva 
feels like swimming ................ oh wait are pool isn't open , please , oh please , summer arrive 
running time 
time to play with my soccer ball 
just finished iceing my ankle and ooooh was it painful 
loves fridays 
i have the magic touch 
:D 
finally the leaves have basically all returned 
swim practice 
is feeling creative 
needs more sleep 
needs to find a hobby 
hahah ! i love hiding behind doors and then jumping out and scaring the crap out of natalie hehehe 
loves strawberries 
got a huge bruise on my head by slamming it into my dresser .............. why ? how does THIS even happen 
is going to be an aunt today :) 
outside 
done with school for the summmmer 
now that the snow had finally all melted we get more snow ..... not like i care , as long as it is still cold .. let it snow , even better a blizzard 
annnd i'm up .............. at 6 
mmmmm ................ cookie dough blizzard 
the count down begins 
cross country meet was freezing/rainy but at least i got my p r 
headache , and extremely bored 
on days like this i'm glad to have a pool 
why won't it just storm already , so i can be entertained 
soccer game tonight :D 
soccer game . time to kick some butt 
is building towers with dominoes 
annnnd the pool is ready for people to swim in ................. I'M GOING TO BE THE FIRST ONE IN THE POOL 
first one in the pool 
filling my mind with useless facts 
picked the worst time of day to run 
discovered my secret talent 
run run run .... 
73%of teenagerswould cry if they saw Justin Bieber standing on top of a skyscraperabout to jump . If you are the 33% sitting there with popcornand 3Dglasses , screaming " DO A BACKFLIP ! " , copy and paste this asyour statu 
made it into regionals 
back from soccer camp . MAJOR sunburn 
annnd my braces are off ..... so happy 
swimmmming 
most annoying thing ever is a fly ......... especially when it keeps flying aroung and around your face . I'M GONNA KILL IT 
wants this cross country season to be over 
darn . i was hoping it would rain allll day 
home soccer game yeahhhh 
it's .... raining , just thought i would point out the obvious 
Just when you think you've hit rock bottom someone goes and throws you a shovel 
we got a parakeet :D 
this cold is really getting old 
I smell like rotten farts 
should probably go on a run 
going outside to soak up the sun 
outside :) 
