Don't say you're sorry ' Cause i'm not even breaking You're not worth the time that this is taking I knew better Than to let you break my heart The soul you'll never see again Won't be showing scars 
you have a very innocent face and voice but you are NOT innocent at all ! 
Can't wait to hang out with Dan and packing to leave on Wednesday ! 
When life gets you down grab your friends hands , don't let go and do the cupid shuffle ! 
how can a person take your heart , break it and yet they make everything better ? 
Missing people , going to watch TV then probably bed ! 
" Okay , here it is , your choice ... it's simple , her or me , and I'm sure she is really great . But I love you , in a really , really big pretend to like your taste in music , let you eat the last piece of cheesecake , hold a radio over my hea ... d outside your window , unfortunate way that makes me hate you , love you . So pick me , choose me , love me . " 
o.O found someone other then family who knows I am the walrus ! Go buddy that makes you bad ass , you are indeed AWESOME ! LOL coo coo ca choo 
And instead of saying all of your goodbyes - let them know You realize that life goes fast It's hard to make the good things last You realize the sun don'-go down It's just an illusion caused by the world spinning round 
watching Desperate Housewives with family ! good show 
I'd take another chance , take a fall Take a shot for you And I need you like a heart needs a beat But it's nothin new I loved you with a fire red- Now it's turning blue , and you say ... " Sorry " like the angel heaven let me think was you But I'm afraid ... 
Wanting you , to be wanting me . No that ain't no way to be . How I feel , read my lips , because I'm so over .. Moving on , its my time , you never were a friend of mine . Hurt at first , a little bit , but now I'm so over . I'm so over it .. 
Wake up and smell the break up , Fix my heart , put on my make-up , Another mess I didn't plan . And I'll bet you thought you beat me , Wish you could only see , I got an I Heart ? Written on the back of my hand ! 
Its because you come from a ugly family , you have ugly parents , your grandparents are ugly , heck we EVEN have an ugly dog . = soda shot out of nose words of wisdom from my Grandma LOL i love that lady !! 
it after 4am I can't sleep , its cold , I'm supposed to be back up in a couple hours to hang out with a friend , and try to get enough sleep so I'm not Grumpy Bear 
And dont know how my friends could be so mean , I come home crying and you hold me tight and grab the keys And we drive and drive until we found a town far enough away And we talk and window shop til I forgot all their names ( this reminded me of Orangie ) 
WHY CAN'T PEOPLE SHOW UP WHEN THEY SAY THEY WILL !?!?! ERRR I LOVE GUYS BUT GEEZ THEY CAN BE A PAIN !!! >.< 
Why do we let people hurt us time and time again , yet we never let them go ? 
has alot going on in her head she can't share with anyone 
I'm Dr. Lil , come to me with your problems and we'll fix them together ! 
Its a simple question " DID I SEND YOU THE F'IN TEXT OR NOT ? " If I did good , if not I sent it to him , and your driving me crazy by not answering my question !!!! GRRRRRRRRR !!!! 
Having a horrible day , I wish I could lay in bed with a friend and just be held or at least lay in bed next to them and just talk ! : / 
Run far away So I can breath Even though your far from suffocating me I can't set my hopes to high Cuz every hello ends with a goodbye 
There's pretty girls on every corner that watch him as he's walking home saying , does he know will you ever know you're beautiful every little piece , love , don't you know you're really gonna be someone , ask anyone when you find everything you've looked for i hope your life leads you back to my door oh but if it don't , stay beautiful 
SLEEEPPPP , I'm worn out and I'm going to bed . Good-night all and sweet dreams ! Stay Gold , Ponyboy or something like that lol ~ Peace 
Going to bed , take care people ! ~ Peace ! 
Please never again , It hurts far more then planned =( I'll be a good girl and not make that mistake again ! 
Why are some guys Jerks these days ? I'm not saying all guys cause I have actually talked to a couple very sweet guys , but it's becoming rare to meet a sweet guy ! then most guys wonder why are girls so mean these days , its because alot of girls are tired of the b.s. and being hurt and treated like crap ! 
I'm going out tonight with Orangie to a Haunted something ... LOL !! ^.^ I'm excited !!! =( ^.^ ) = haha 
This chicken taste like .... WATERMELON ! its weird lol !! 
I'm going to eat Ice cream and watch movies with Mike and Orangie , I'll be back on tonight , I PROMISE !! talk to you then 
Going to KI tonight with Daniel ! fun fun ! 
The Freshman girl , oh so shy , sits and watches the Sophomore guy , The Sophomore guy , head all in a whirl , often stares at the Junior girl , The Junior girl , in her red Sedan , can't help but glance at the Senior man , The Senior man , all hot and wild , secretly loves the Freshman child 
You and me We used to be together Everyday together always I really feel That I'm losing my best friend I can't believe This could be the end It looks as though you're letting go And if it's real Well I don't want to know 
lol I get why clowns , spiders , the dark , tight spaces , cannibalism , ghost , blood and guts are scary but MIDGETS ?!?!? how are midgets scary ?!? 
It doesn't matter what you've done , I still love you It doesn't matter where you've been , you can still come home And honey if it's you , we've got a lot of making up to do And I can't hug you on the phone , so hurry home 
" Would you tell me please , which way I ought to go from here ? " " That depends a good deal on where you want to get to , " said the Cat . " I don't much care where --" said Alice . " Then it doesn't matter which way you go , " said the Cat ... 
How long's it gonna take before You see that she's no me Whoa I knew better Than to let you break my heart The soul you'll never see again Won't be showing scars Oh no no 
shower , plug up my phone and hopefully sleep ! Wake up , play on computer for a bit then out with Orangie ..... YAY !! 
I got an I heart ? written on the back of my hand 
When I think of all the times I've tried so hard to leave her She will turn to me and start to cry - LMAO !! 
Why can't people be nice ? I mean its not like your words are breaking me , I've already told the ones whose words do matter to me they matter , but why can't you follow if you have nothing nice to say then don't say nothing at all ? I don't say mean hurtful words to or about you so STOP doing it to me ! 
Dear Rachel , My mother always told me the hardest things to do in life are to trust , to have faith and to forgive so I want you to hear the strength in my voice when I say I forgive you because I love you , that's simple and that complicated to forgive is to move forward Georgia rule , Love Mom - Georgia Rule 
had a great day hanging out with a friend and family on Ludlow , going to bed so i can get up and greet the day and my friend again who is supposed to be coming back over to see me again ! : D I can't wait to see him again ! 
Hung out with a friend , i wish it would have gone slightly different but still had fun . : / 
I speak my mind , cause it hurt to bite my tongue 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these broken wings and learn to fly All your life You were only waiting for this moment to arise 
I didn't say it was your fault , I said I'm going to blame you 
Taking too many quizzes , but loves doing so . and listening to music and enjoying the sun coming up d (^.^) b 
Carving pumpkins then going to Kelly's , then tomorrow is my birthday and I'm going to another friends house , I won't be on for days so text or call me and share the love ! = D 
I LOVE MY FRIENDS ! If I don't say it enough , and let you know it I truly do LOVE you ! If I could I'd squeeze you all right now and tell you how much you mean to me ! 
I should go show my bed some love soon , or it might think I have found another ! 
HAHA that marriage thing is funny ! I would never post them but there are some REALLY funny ones ! 
Going to bed now , goodnight everyone and take care ! 
I'm going to run away and become one of the lost boys , then I'll never have to grow up ! = D 
Wake up and smell the break up , Realize that we won't make up , It didn't go the way you planned . And you'll know you didn't beat me When you look down and see I got an I Heart ? Written on the back of my hand ! 
7 MORE DAYS TILL MY BIRTHDAY !!! 
ERRR !! LOL , I was expecting something and I never got it in my email , and I have no clue what it is and I really want it , and it's driving me crazy cause I REALLY wanna know what it is !?!? 
It all started with a chair ... 
I'M 19 !! Thanks everyone for the Happy Birthdays , that made my day ! I had an AMAZING birthday ! I think it was a tie between happy birthdays between Len and Ry lol !! 
I miss the park in Wisconsin ! I don't know why but it just hit me and I wish I could be there right now ! LOL = ( I miss Wisconsin 
Horrible night , going to the Haunt later today with Daniel ! Atleast he wants me , and doesn't hate my guts ! I'm tired of all the lies , and broken promises ! 
Today I looked in the mirror and said " Your really pretty , and you look like a duck " LMAO 
I need to figure out what color to paint my room , and I need to get it where all my stuff fits goes in there with order ! hmmmm 
When I'm far Too Tired To Fall Asleep To Ten Million Fireflies I'm Weird Cause I Hate Goodbyes I Got Misty Eyes As They Said Farewell But I'll Know Where Several Are If My Dreams Get Real Bizzare Cause I Saved A Few And I Keep Them In A Jar I'd Like To make Myself Believe That Planet earth Turns Slowly It's Hard To Say That I'd Rather Stay Awake When I'm Asleep Cause Everything Is Never As It Seems 
I feel like going out to country with my music and just laying on the ground look up at the stars and just think this all out ! or just run till I can't run no more , where my sides hurt just to breath 
He tried to take away all the things that would let you love me without being in my bed , like a friend or a father . This has everything to do with him . This is about knowing the difference between right and wrong , between the truth and a lie . He took that from you . And if you can't tell the difference , then you can't trust anyone . And if you can't trust , you can't love . - Georgia Rule 
Ohhhh i feel like I've messed up again in some sort of way , and its back to not talking much and awkward situations , i wish things could be one way or another not the constant up and downs ! 
LOL WOW .... thats all I'm going to say about that ! I'm going to sleep now and hope I don't need therapy for years to come LOL j/k 
I had the best time EVER with Daniel at KI's Haunt ! If I could put any day on repeat and re-live it again , it would be this one ! I didn't get home till about 2am , and I'm worn out but I LOVED last night/this morning ! Even though I got us lost from the group on the trail , I have to say I think things probably went better then it ever would of with that group ! LOL we were freezing but we still had a blast ! 
The lasted time i freaked out , I just kept lookin ' down , I stu-stu-stuttered when you asked me what I'm thinkin ' bout , Feel like a couldnt breathe you asked whats wrong with me My best friend Leslie says " She's just being Miley ! " And next time we hang out I will redeem myself My heart can rest till then Whoa Whoa I , I can't wait to see you again 
I just got a purple flower and it's Pretty !! 
" you can't change the past , but you can change the way you feel about it " I found this quote in my horoscope and I think its true ! 
You don't buy me flowers You don't buy me drinks You don't drive me anywhere but totally insane We used to talk for hours until the night was through but recently your ego is going through the roof Maybe you need a wake up call Cos ' you're too comfortable You think because you're bad you don't have to work at all 
My other mom said I can go with her to the JMC Concert next month in Tenn ! HELLZ YEAH I'm SOOOO excited !! I even get to have my own room at the hotel ! 
Tomorrow is going to be AMAZING , just because I wont let it be anything different for me ! 
^.^ I had a doughnut and it was Yummy , but shhh ... don't tell Lennon 
Due to Awesome Week , conversations , and TV shows I'm inspired to make a difference ! I WILL MAKE A DIFFERENCE ! I'm going to talk to a friend or so figure a plan and together we will all make a difference ! =D 
LOL oh my I want someone to make me ORIGAMI LILIES ! they are too cute ! 
LOL BIRTHDAY+NO-SOCKS = AWESOME TIMES !!! 
Me and Lisa are interviewing for a male friend ! You must be awesome , funny , and cool enough for shopping cart races and pushing us in carts ! 
And If tomorrow your still " just a friend " I'll stay up till 11:11 again 
I don't leave because I want to be away or hurt you , I leave because it's who I am . I love the open road with the wind in my hair , I don't like being in one place for too long cause I have the need to see new places , and always be moving . I'm sorry I can't change and settle down , it's what makes me happy and who I am ! 
We sneaked out of the house and were finally back home after getting lost , seeing mike at work , getting food and driving around the block just to hear " Apple bottom Jeans " LOL fun times 
I found my jeans finally , and I feel pretty ! I'm awesome right now , life is GREAT ! =D 
Missing a couple people , and thinking about a lot of things . Ehhh ... whatev 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone , I helped make dinner , went to sleep , slept through dinner and I still haven't ate ! & every time I see a commercial for Tom Tom it makes me laugh really hard ! 
I'm off to bed I've let too many things out , and I'm supposed to be up in a couple hours to do my own things to help out ! Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
I miss the old days when Power Rangers , TMNT , Pokemon and Digimon was cool ! and not the newer stuff I mean the Originals , I miss having Pokemon battles ! =( 
Happy Birthday Orangie , tomorrow makes 18 years , Thursday I turn 19 , and Saturday my party/Halloween ! 
LOL having funny , odd conversations with Donna and watching JMC videos ! O.O I'm going to pay for this later but its soooo worth it ! 
Today I'm doing AMAZING !! 
today everything is like KJNHBMEGHZBEKUBRFQRBGTJZB ! Just sharing 
Watched Bananas in Pajamas , and listening to Skinnamarink ! I miss the way things were when I was little ! 
* giggles * AH HA I figured out the perfect gift ever for my one friend , time consuming but I think they would adore it . but I don't know they might not like it as much as I think 
Hung out with Heather , talked , watched T.V , got so bored I randomly braided Heather's hair into cornrows , LOL fun times ! I love spending time with my baby cousin ! 
after Monday and Tuesday even the calender says W T F 
Kids in the front seat cause accidents , Accidents in the backseat cause kids 
Why do people act all freaked out when I call them names like " babe , hun , sweetie " ? I'm not hitting on you by calling you those names , I call everyone those names ! I love being called those names , I think they are adorable ! 
Had a great night , didn't get home till like 5 ? this morning , had a BLAST with Shelby and Lisa ! took pics , wore a dress , and makeup we looked cute ! many many dirty inside jokes 
ehhh , I actually went to sleep last night at a decent hour , but i woke up shorty before 5am with a headache and sweating like crazy 
I have Konichiwa stuck in my head , LOL out of all the words to get stuck there is had to be that one . I think its a cute word so it's all good ! 
I'm in a highly random mood where I want to do things like : \m/ >.< \m/ and [ D[][]V[][D =( ^.^ ) = 
going to spend some time with my mom , have alot going on in my head ! probably be back later ! ~ Peace ~ 
AWESOME WEEK KEEPS GETTING BETTER ! it's been the MOST AWESOME , SWEETEST , EXCITING WEEK OF MY LIFE !! and it's only 2:15 am Wednesday , its nowhere near being over ! ^.^ = D 
I feel like watching TRIGUN !! Trigun = Awesomeness ! 
getting ready to go out with my sister and have a great day ! 
I finished crying in the instant that you left And I can't remember where or when or how And I banished every memory you and I had ever made 
Enjoy yourself . These are the good-old days you're going to miss in the years ahead 
Uploading photos so Mike can do his thing ! 
I say doctor is there nothing I can take , I say doctor to relieve this bellyache 
I'm highly thankful for being raised by my mother and being a Mommy's girl , but sometimes I wonder what how things would be if I had a Dad growing up , they wouldn't even have to be together I just wish I knew who he was and had that growing up . 
Today is an Aerosmith and Jack Johnson kinda day ! 
Oh my I love Clouded Leopards , they are soooo CUTE ! the ones on TV were hand raised by this lady till they were ready to go to the Zoo , but the way she handled these cubs reminded me of bigger versions of my cat . They are SOOOO adorable ! 
I'm going to read my book ( even though I've already ready it 2-3 times already ) again , then maybe go to bed , maybe tomorrow will be more exciting . =) 
I had a wet dream about you last night ............... you fell off a cliff and I laughed so hard i pissed the bed !!!! 
LOL there is nothing like having a dream about vampires that would make a great movie , and getting woke up to braid hair , finding it out it taken you a couple mins to wake up enough to get your brain and hands to work together , LOL good times ! 
Me and Lisa are going to run away and become one of the Lost Boys ! 
I feel like I have tons of things to say to you , but I can never bring myself to say these things to you so I come up with something random off the top of my head and hope it's good enough for us all . 
Watching Taboo and I knew people eat different things all over the world and thats cool but personal I find some of it rather gross , I mean to each their own but eww ! 
I just got done watching Teeth , Oh my goodness . Now I have Creep by Stone Temple Pilots stuck in my head , LMAO ! 
LOL I made my mom's lil yorkie Pretty ! He looked really pretty in his little dress ! 
I just want to say , I'm over it and she can have you . Your not worth the tears , I'm pretty and I know I deserve MUCH better and thats what I'll get . This isn't even a blow to my ego , cause I'm better then this . Not a single tear will fall from these eyes because of you . ~ Peace out 
my mind right now is going " OMFGWTFYH2BKM " I think I'm going to just go to sleep and hope tomorrow is better ! I want to have that cute dream I had last night again , it was just adorable ! 
I think I'll just get together with someone this weekend and go to Union Terminal and see Egypt exhibit , or something . I'm down for anyone who wants to go with ! 
watching TRIGUN !!! =) 
almost 6am and tired but I can't go to sleep ..... errrr Just got done watching 2 discs of Trigun . 
Had a great Christmas ( I finally got the Hippopotamus for Christmas .. YAY !! ) Now I'm going to watch Trigun !! 
I'm going to go watch My So Called Life . I'm almost done with season 1 , YAY !! I've always kinda related to different characters but in this moment I feel Angela's pain . 
It’s odd , actually , how things can chance . Opinions change , people change , life changes . 
I think its funny how a best friend became an acquaintance and an acquaintance became a best friend . How the friend that you never thought would leave .... left , and the one you expected to leave ... stayed . LOL life is great ! 
All of life’s journeys come with meetings , partings , and reunions 
HAHA ! Yeah .... I'm going to go wait for Heather to get here , I haven't seen my baby cuz in Forever and I miss her ! 
Today is an amazing day , had a great dream , woke up smiling , and everything is peachy ! 
off to sleep , later today is movie day with my Orangie !! =D 
Navy blue ! 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS . The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss is a taboo . Break the silence . In Memory of all the Angel babies gone too soon but never forgotten about !! 
Just got home a few mins ago from seeing Paranormal Activity pretty awesome movie . I highly believe I will be able to sleep through the night without a problem ! = D 
ERRRRRRRRR !!! HORRIBLE day , dropped my already broken phone and now it wont even turn on ! I have to wait before I can get a new one . 
Off to bed , early morning ahead of me ! Goodnight 
Put the following in your status and let your friends respond ! " A word that describes me is ( 1 ) ____________ . If you really know me then you know that I love ( 2 ) _________ but I can't stand ( 3 ) _____________ . " Copy and paste this in your status to ... see what people have to say about you ! 
? tnaw uoy tahw evah reve nac uoy yaw on si ereht nehw od uoy od tahw haha 
Hanging out with my brother , watching him play his game and then probably off to bed . Good Night Love Bugs 
This summer when everyone thinks they are safe in their beds me and Orangie are going to go to Tennessee and shut it DOWN .... and NO my friends not one little section we mean EVERY single little inch !! =D ( P.S. were on a quest to find Vash ) 
I wish people would shut up , and stop saying I'm mad at them . I'm not mad at anyone , I'm very blunt about how I feel . I'm not mad or hate anyone , so shut up and leave it alone . I'm tired of hearing " are you mad at me ? " or " I know you hate me " . 
OH NO .... I HAVE THE HICCUPS !! between hugging my mom and singing " hold me closer Tony Danza " and her pushing me away yelling " look him up now !!! " and my talking about my grandma talking about little bananas and saying " they are little bologna " 
If you want people to believe the ways your saying , then prove yourself.do as you say and you won't be fake 
I admire my friends and I love them to death , I mean my true friends , not the ones backstabbing and running their mouths . I have the most amazing friends ever , and I mean it . Off to bed Nighty Night 
LOL early morning text messages from weird numbers = blast ! 
" You are an expert at pissing me off . Amazing ! " 
Last night/this morning was one of the funnest , best days of my life . I'm worn out , freezing , and finally dry , LOL I SEEN THE CHESHIRE CAT !! I made us get lost and i didn't mean to =( , but i enjoyed getting and being lost with them ! = D We have to do that again cause it was fun . Even though i got us lost , I have to say that I'm glad i got lost with them , anyone else probably wouldn't have been as fun , plus they're nice . 
Making cuppy-cakes !! baking is kinda my new thing ... =D 
Trying to spoil my brother Matt since he's home from the hospital , then when everyone goes is in bed then I will dance by myself & hearts ; =D 
Cleaned the dog , so now he's ready for Lisa's mom to come get . 
Once upon a time I was a pretty tadpole ! =) 
made 24 cupcakes , 1 small cake , and now off to get chicken so we will have enough for our house full of 15 people !! good thing I love baking and people ! 
Waiting for my friend to get here , I wanna squeeze him LOL , he gives good hugs : ) , I wish he would hurry up and get here . : ( 
I think I'm loosing my voice so I sound funny and hoarse , ehhh but today is a great day ! 
I'm super EXCITED ! I hope I get this job . I haven't been this excited in a looonnngg time . =D 
I am tired of the bullshit , the lying , and the backstabbing . I am tired of all the drama and the constant fakeness . It is time to put an end to this . I can't deal with all the shit anymore . Thank you so much for showing me who my true friends are ! 
" Baby , why the hell are you taking the Mt . Dew to the bathroom ? " - Mike 
I DIDN'T DO IT ...... Oh wait THAT ...... yes I did do THAT ..... 
" if homosexual is a disease , I'm totally calling in gay to work tomorrow " LOL I found this and thought it was highly funny 
LOL I just realize I haven't ate today ! 
Went to wrestling last night ! had fun =D 
Goetta corndogs and sleep =) 
" In the language of flowers , red means courage and determination " 
I think Jackson Rathbone would make a great Mad Hatter , he's not half as creepy looking as Johnny Depp . 
I'm getting really nervous , what if I have a Lily moment and say something stupid during the interview ?! 
I ran all day like the Energizer bunny , then all of a sudden I just crashed , then I got woke up by my mom and I was using the cat as a pillow . Only to find Cookies in the kitchen , having a sleep over .... hello sleep , goodnight world . 
8-2 8-2 25-15-21 10-21-19-20 23-1-19-20-5-4 25-15-21-18 20-9-13-5 6-15-18 14-15-20-8-9-14-7 =D 
Life is too short to keep beating a dead horse , so go on and find a situation that is alive and well for you . 
" That's a wise choice because I knew this girl who like had this crazy freak out because she took too many behavioral meds at once and she like ripped off her clothes , and dove into the fountain at Ridgedale Mall and was like , " Blah I am a Kracken from the sea ! " 
Happy Valentines Day ! 
LOL not sleeping last night makes one slap happy Lily , I love me ! 
I understand getting a words in a language you know tattooed on your body , but I don't think it's wise to get something you don't know how to read put on your body . 
blah ... blah ... blah blah blah .... blah blah blah blah blah .... yupp straight from the heart for you ! 
LOL I LOVE accents they are so AWESOME ! there are certain accents you can pick up without a problem , then there are some you can't quite put your finger on but nothing catches me off guard faster then hearing someone say " eh " . 
LOL my biggest fear is exposing my biggest fear .... sometimes it's our differences that bring us together . 
Might go watch Paranormal Activity with Shelby , LOL 
I'm going out tonight with Lisa and the 2 Ashley's to see a movie and hang out !! =D super EXCITED !! Now I have to go get ready and put on my outfit ! 
Listening to 100 Monkeys LOVE them !!! 
Going to bed , can't wait to hang out with Lisa and the 2 Ash's tomorrow !! it's exciting !!! 
Be careful of what you say , cause you might be eating your words later 
Even good girls need crazy moments so I'm going out with the girls and have some fun !! Its going to be a good night hopefully ! 
Don't give a damn what people say , cause were doing it , doing it our way , I know that we will always stay 19 and crazy 
Home from the movies , fun time now I'm off to bed 
Went and seen New Moon with Lisa & Machelle ! Pretty good , JACOB+ No Shirt = OMFG FREAKEN HOTT !! DAMN 15 YEARS OLD GIRLS would not SHUT UP !! TEAM JACOB !! 
LOL I love going through my stuff and finding things that belonged to someone else , like going through my old purse and finding my ex's guitar picks , I even have his fav . old glow in the dark alien head pick . I can make new guitar pick necklaces since he gave my skull one to his ex . 
Just because everything's changing Doesn't mean it's never been this way before All you can do is try to know who your friends are As you head off to the war 
I baked Blueberry Muffins and they are yummy ! ^.^ 
Being a grumpy butt , going to go hang out with my brother and watch movies or something . 
YAY pancakes for breakfast !!! that makes me happy =D 
If I was President .... I would pull our soldiers out of war and put some of the baby killing , child molesting , murders , sorry sacks of shit who are doing nothing but taking up precious space in our prisons and ship them off with a one way ticket to war . In return prisons won't be over populated , we won't worry about people for the military , and maybe crime rates will go down . 
Off to bed , tired and getting aggravated . Nighty Night everyone 
The last time I freaked out , I just kept looking down , I st-st-stuttered when You asked me what I'm thinkin ' bout Felt like I couldn't breathe You asked what's wrong with me ... LOL 
Going to watch The Outsiders with ..... YOUR MOM ! 
I made perfection today ..... it's amazing !! 
been up all night and all hyped you on what who knows but I'm going to go read MY books . 
I just don't play nice with others 
We all hit a time in life where we get fed up with everyone and everything and we tell ourself " I'll show them " sometimes it just takes more time to figure it out . 
" I'm sorry Notebooks are for notes ... not kissing " 
slightly disappoints me that my trip was moved to a different town but it's all good I guess . I'm going to bed 
ERRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!! WDYHTAFDTTM !! 
I'm offended by shallowness of Christmas . Christmas is NOT about the money value or how many things you get . When your a little kid it matters but if your 18+ it should not matter . Christmas is about enjoying your loved one , and being grateful for having what you do . It's about having sentimental , not materialistic things . Enjoy every last minute that you had that chance to have this , you can't afford to take it for granted 
I can't wait to go see The Last Airbender & Nightmare on Elm Street ... Now off to bed 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your page if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . I hope we find a cure 
" I wanna bake cookies on your stomach " 
LOL talking to Mike about the differences between males and females , trying to figure out common ground between them . Leaving me with 1 question , do Mike's friends view me the same way that he does ? =/ 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . 
going to bed , expecting company later today =D Nighty Night 
There is nothing like telling someone you have a runny nose , and being told to go catch it . LOL Going to lay in bed and watch Trigun . I love Vash ! 
Need to pack later today and find my phone charger , then it's going to be HELLO Nashville !! =D 
Check Your profile Stats At : http://apps.facebook.com/gossipgirls/ 
My Today's Profile Views Are : 49 
My Last week Profile Views Are : 519 
My This Month Profile Views Are : 7805 
My All Time Profile Views Are : 64567 
Total viewers at this moment are : 15 
Shower , Pack , Bed and Nashville in the morning !! YAY !!!! =D 
Nashville is BEAUTIFUL ! Phone is dead , but we have plans for fun . Sight seeing tomorrow and checking out different places ! I'm LOVING Nashville ! =D 
I hope it warms up some more today cause Nashville is cold , going to eat breakfast then try to figure out somethings to do until Lisa wakes up . =) 
Who knew a Nashville guy would be my hero for the day ? People in Tennessee didn't seem to know how to drive or share the road , most of them seemed like JERKS !! I do have to say though when you need help some people were nice enough to help , I didn't even get yelled at for giggling at how cute their accents were !! lol =) 
Nashville was beautiful and today was the warmest and beautiful day there , but it's good to be back home . I'm beyond tired right now , so I'm off to bed Nighty night everyone ! =) 
HAHA Lilyster ! Thanks Camster , I love it ! =) 
I love my friends but they are usually the only people who make me excited and nervous at the same time ! 
off with my mom and niece to get ice shakes and to babysit my niece , then back here tomorrow so she can spend another day with her grandma and family again . Peace out homies ! 
Went to the movies and had a good day , now I'm going back to Kris's and hang out then babysitting some more tomorrow . =D 
I have the weirdest dreams sometimes , like the one this morning I was running around with my brother and a group of his friends and I got to walk in the middle because I was the only girl in the group and holding one of his friends hand and getting saved by one of them cause I upset a killer snake , the guy who saved me was my hero ! LOL 
Have 3 notebooks into my story , and now I got a new idea for a new one ! oh how I love random thoughts ! =) 
I was taught actions speak louder than words and your actions have been clear to me . I'm tired of lies , if I meant something to you then you would have defended my honor , and you wouldn't have walked away or let me leave for that matter but you never once gave it a second thought so on that note , peace out and don't expect me to still be here . 
sometime's I think I enjoy making birthday cakes and decorating them more then I actually like eating them , but since it's my brother's birthday I made him something pretty AWESOME !! 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? 

Michelle Childers , Lennon Martelli , Alma Fields Dixion , Elizabeth Ronnebaum , Lisa White ! 
Everyone comes in your life to teach you something . The ones that stay and make you feel whole and happy are to teach you how to be a better person , to trust and love unconditionally . The ones who break your heart and leave is to show you everything changes , to be stronger and to appreciate those who stayed . 
I don't like riding down the highway seeing a fear of mine in a truck next to our car , only to push myself as far towards the car and try to get away from it , only to have it taunt me sticking it's snout out of the side of the truck ! 
Say what you mean tell me I'm right and let the sun rain down on me give me a sign I wanna believe 
I love when milk and cereal make me choke and the more I try to be able to breathe again the harder my mom laughs at it . THANKS MOM , your a doll . 
I like the bad boys who are tough , protective , with a sense of humor , a heart of gold , and even though he won't say it is a mommy's and daddy's boy . 
Shower and getting ready then spending time with my mom and best Ladybug !! =D 
Today is a great day , it's beautiful out , I'm happy and it's just a beautiful calm day ! =D 
Been up all night watching Dog the Bounty Hunter , now it's time for sleep . =D 
I love my Dog the Bounty Hunter collection , I could and would watch it non-stop all day long if I was allowed ! It makes me happy ! =D 
" Don't believe the things you heard about me , the truth is much worse " 
I don't see how someone being a clean freak is a bad thing , I think it would be a good trait to have in a person . 
Had a fun day at Heather's baby shower , what a riot we had ! 
I've decided this is going to be one crazy busy summer , I have so much I'm going to force myself to do to better myself and get on the path I want to be on in life . So I'm sorry ahead of time if this summer we don't get much time together . 
" I can't go I have to make your birthday cake , but you didn't just hear me say that " * covers eyes * " I didn't hear you say anything , I covered my eyes " =D 
Gotta love the niece , she got pink icing from her grandma Phyllis sharing her cupcake with her on her face , then claps her hands saying yay when I cleaned it off . She also looked at Iggy Pop on tv and said ewwww ! 
I think it's cute when my niece points to my Spongebob pj's and says Bob-bob instead of Spongebob ! 
YAY I'm going to my Ladybug's today !! =D 
Eat then walking to the park with my Ladybug , it's been a beautiful lovely day having fun ! 
Every time you smile , I smile 
And every time you shine , I'll shine for you 
Whoa oh , I'm feeling you baby 
Don't be afraid to 
Jump then fall 
I wanna go to Hawaii so bad !!! 
My tummy hurts right now . =( 
Oh my goodness , I found The Adventures of Captain Planet ! I haven't seen this since I was little , WHOOT ! 
Now that Easter is near I want to get a bunny costume and hop around with a basket of plastic eggs then randomly fall on the ground and lay still just for the fun of it ! 
I'm off to write more , and think about things that make no sense to me . 
I like that feeling when you see that someone smile and you can't help but smile , or you hear their laugh and you automatically smile and laugh too . It's amazing . =) 
Congrats to my little cousin Heather on baby Demitri ! I can't wait to meet the little cutie ! =D 
People are stupid and sick , where does anyone get the right to protest at a soldiers funeral or layout ? If someone I loved died fighting for our country and someone thought about doing that , I don't believe in violence but I would punch them in the face and tell them to f- off . Seriously let them have the respect to be buried in peace and have their moment , they died honorabley fighting to keep their country safe . 
So now you want me to fix everything 
But baby there's so much and so little time to 
Replace the things I've broken 
Ripped apart , and thrown away 
You can say that you don't miss me 
I think about you every day 
Happy Easter everyone ! Time for the bunny costume , basket , plastic eggs , and hopping around randomly falling down and laying really still . 
I love my best friend ! Long conversations , laughing until it hurts , being able to look at each other and crack up laughing without any words needed , one word jokes , walking into each others houses without knocking yelling " I'M HOME " and nobody thinking twice . Having the most fun ever randomly going to Walmart , acting like complete idiots no matter where we are , entertained for hours with only random minds ! 
it's times like this I'm glad I don't know of any songs that have my name in it ! =D The name song war has begun ! 
So little time , I try to understand that I 
Yeah , I'm trying to make a move just to stay in the game 
I'll try and stay awake and remember my name 
' Coz everybody's changing and I don't feel the same 
If this was a movie you'd be here by now 
I just don't feel like caring today , I just feel like burying myself in my shell and not coming out until I'm ready to act tough and deal with the world . I just want to be by myself and hide away , where I can wear my emotions on my sleeves and I don't have to worry about being happy for everyone else . 
if your not Ken , don't expect me to be Barbie 
I didn't know local tv would play Rammstein after 5:30 am , or any time for that matter . 
For some reason The Cat in the Hat cartoon on PBSKIDS reminds me of Vash when he laughs . It's kinda weird , just saying ! 
I wish this pain in my chest and shoulder would go away . It hurts to breathe and move at times . 
Why is it almost everyone I know either had their nose or tongue pierced ? I made sure none of my friends had it done when I got mine so mine wasn't following the crowd , now when I look around almost EVERYONE has it done . I'd never get a piercing or tattoo cause someone else got it , my best friends tattoo won't even be the same as my best friends . Quite simple people be yourself , cause nobody wants a carbon copy . 
I find it kinda funny it's been over a year and no ninjas have broke into my house and stole my books or phone yet . LOL sorry but your ninja is taking it's sweet time or coming up with some plan that's still taking time to figure out . P.S. either way my friend your ninja has failed ! =D ~ Lillies 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????????? 
? ? If you have an amazing MOTHER , put this as your status ? ? 
Just keep it quiet , keep it on the hush 
And what we do , keep it just between us 
Johnny Cash and June Carter is on Little House on the Prairie , I found this REALLY cool ! =) 
I miss Nashville ! I wanna go back , like now ! =( 
there's nothing like finding really old pics of yourself and thinking WOW I sure have chanced and I need to put these up on facebook ! 
Nothing like trying to clean my tongue ring and it goes flying out of my hand where I can't find it then my mom won't stop making fun of me because I sound funny without it in . XD 
In honor of Mother's Day I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea , please re post this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB . 
I love you , mom ! :) 
Love is when you haven't actually slept in over 24 hours other then napping and staying awake just to make yummy birthday cakes because you agreed to help make them ! 
" It's alright , I'm cool it's like when I find that guy who is right for me , he'll be wonderful . When I look at that person , I'm not even gonna be able to remember that boy who broke up with me on the phone in 25 seconds " 
Happy mothers day , Ladies . Hope it's a great day for you all . =) 
I made my mom breakfast , then woke her up with kisses to give her the food I made , then got her a cup of coffee . Nothing like seeing her smile when I told her I made her breakfast . I'm a good daughter when I wanna be . =D 
Chocolate Chip cookies make me happy . =) 
I'm getting bright neon green paint for my room ! 
Sometimes I actually feel bad for the friends that I actually let see the real me and openly speak my thoughts to , I mean I love them more then anything ! I just don't understand how they are not completely baffled by my thoughts and randomness ? 
Do what makes you happy and enjoy life cause these are the good ol ' days your going to look back on years down the line 
I love staying up all night cause then I get to look at the moon , and I get to watch the sun rise it's really beautiful . =) 
R . I . P Annabella , you've been the best these past 4 years and I'll miss you ! <3 
And in my hour of darkness 
She is standing right in front of me 
Speaking words of wisdom , let it be 
and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say ... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
I am not Rihanna , I do not love the way you lie . 
Ehhh , I had a bad day . My stomach has been messing up all day . Hopefully it feels better tomorrow or I'll have to change my plans . 
Going to the movies today with family and a friend , to see The Last Airbender !! =D 
Ice cream trucks freak me out since they made the one out of the Ambulance and everything I hear them Legion comes to mind but Legion was AWESOME and the ambulance .... well thats just creepy . 
Ehhh , my sides are hurting . :( 
Off to watch How To Train Your Dragon with Mike and Lisa !! =D 
Going to Walmart tonight and maybe seeing Stephie again !! =D 
My stomach is making funny noises , it sounds like two little aliens talking , LOL 
Getting sick a week before going on a trip is not fun . 
Going to the mall with friends in a bit , after Ash gets off work . 
had my cup of Emergen-C for being sick and surprisingly I liked it , it was good . Now I want to be warm and go to sleep . 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
LOL wearing sunglasses at night inside and walking out of the bathroom and wondering " why is it so dark ? " 
Now that the power has gone out maybe I can talk people into playing some games ! :) 
April is Lily's awesome month , since it's been the most awesome one in a while . =D 
O.O My dad was great at hiding things , seriously 21 years later and Lisa found his final will that NOBODY recalls seeing while she was cleaning ! 
Watching The Fellowship of the Ring with Orangie and Ted . 
trying to have a crying contest to see who can cry first , it's rather sad when everything that typically makes you cry isn't working and you end up laughing instead . 
I love my niece . I tell her that she's rotten she laughs like there's no tomorrow , she gives me kisses . 
Had an awesome day , spending time with my adorable niece . Going to spend more time with her tomorrow . I love that girl !! 
Your wrong , so just sit there in your wrongness and be wrong . 
watching Pokemon , and reading ! what a life 
Hanging out with my grandma and mom for a little bit . <3 
I want this birthday to be huge so I have many ideas and I plan to put them into action ! 
I'm glad my house is never a bore , like watching Teen Mom and being told by my grandpa how my kids are going to be raised and how he's going to teach them all the bad habits he can . XD 
Watching Jeff Dunham videos , that guy is FUNNY !! 
I really miss my best friend right now =( 
Today I learnt that my family's new neighbor is in Japan in the service . LOL I think thats really cool . 
I'd agree with you , but then we'd both be wrong . 
Good morning Sunshine , the earth says Hello 
What a beautiful day to sit outside and read a book or just hang out . 
Getting ready for Matt's graduation tonight and I'm going to get him a couple gifts . 
Going fishing with Orangie and Taylor . 
My mind is on EXTREME random tonight , lol I have no clue what to do with all this randomness !! 
stupid chair fell on my fingers and scratched up 2 of them , so I had to make it better with my Buzz Lightyear and Woody bandaids ! =) 
I now randomly want to tell people to suit up after watching How I Met Your Mother . 
Getting ready to go to the movies , and having some time out with my sister . =D today is a good day . 
" Are you trying to make that a new catch phase ? cause you will never top talk to the hand " 
Just when I thought I forgot who I am and how to be me , you reminded me . =) 
Since I lost my nose ring yesterday and I've been trying everything to keep it open and it's getting irratated , I have to go buy nose rings today ! Yay ! 
someone who knows when you're lost and you're scared 
they're through the highs and the lows 
someone to count on 
someone who cares 
beside you wherever you'll go 
If your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Mom still with you , or if she is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom ! I love you ! 
I was looking up videos and I stumbled across Parkour .... all I know is O.O !!! 
I need to start getting ready in a bit for my interview , wish me luck . I'll be back on after 7:30 -8pm to tell those I said I would what happens ! =) 
Had a great day , seen Ashley , went and seen The Last Airbender , now it's time for bed good-night . 
wow ... this is much deeper then I had ever expected ! 
I'm just slightly annoyed . 
Had 2 of the most awesome days I've had in a while , filled with laughs and having tons of smiles with Ladybug ! =D I love that girl . 
I got a new dress today and it is pretty and makes me feel so too !! =D 
Acting retarted , yelling and jumping in a chair is not the best idea it tends to leave a bruise on my knee . 
I'm really glad that when my brother comes up with his great ideas he leaves me out of them and talks his friends into it instead , can't help laughing till I cry with them some times . 
If you really loved me you would let me wrap you in bubble wrap and push you down the stairs . =D 
I got to see my baby Brigy today . She's getting so big . 
Eating by the lake watching catfish feed , waiting for a ride back to Cincinnati 
No Way , 3OH ! 3 said not to trust you !! 
I had a good Easter ! 
Hung out with Kelly and went and seen my Brigy baby , now I have a sour stomach and it's time for bed . 
It scares me the thought of getting my wisdom teeth taken out , but if I ever do I want someone to record me when I wake up just so I can watch the things I say and act . 
I'm not feeling good today . Hopefully tomorrow is better . 
YUMMM .... frozen Reese's cups . 
I'm off to hug my bed . 
Staying up late studying so I can work on my tests before next Thursday , only to find out I'm great at reading and words but suck horribly at math . XD 
I'm going to go read my book some then I'm off to bed . good night everyone 
I do not like Michael Jackson but I really feel like dancing to Billie Jean , LOL yeah I'm cool like that 
Woke up went to therapy with Kelly , came home got greeted by a cute boy , helping put a puzzle together and then going to the movies with my Sister and Kelly . I think tonights going to be a good night . 
If you're brave .. Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Rude . 19 : Simple . 20 : Strong . ( Please rate ..... ) 
I hate when I make a joke out of something then I think " Oh goodness , I hope they know I was kidding " = / 
" WOMAN DON'T YELL AT ME !! I will kick you like a Chucky doll and you'll go flying with your arms and legs flailing around " ~ my sister 
Off to bed I have things to do this weekend ... good night everyone . =) 
This weekend is going to be fun filled and exciting . I can't wait for the weekend to get here . :) 
I never even mentioned who that was about so don't go running your mouth about me , I'm not going to even to down you , just check your facts before you go running your mouth cause it just makes you look and sound stupid . 
I had a great day ! Now time to get Mike what he wanted and then sleep . =D 
Waking up to realize your even sicker then you were yesterday . 
Going to the mall with one of my home girls . 
I want Snoopy and Pokemon bandaids , I'm so cool like that ! =) 
I want to have a friend named Jared who I'll be close with , so when I come home and someone asks me where I've been I'll whisper " I went to Jared's " 
Go on humor me dollface , just go on 
YAY !! a tornado is on it's way , not 1 but 3 !! 
Watching New Moon with Orangie . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best decribes me . Using the third letter of your first name only , one word- no more . Then copy and paste this on your wall , so I can leave a word about you too . 
I had a really great day being with friends and Lisa's family . Now it's time to get warm and go to sleep . 
Off to sleep , then I'm watching Trigun later .... I'm having Vash withdrawals =( 
I think I'm going to get ready for bed , I have alot on my mind and I need sleep . 
going to hang out with my mom and watch t.v since the house is almost empty . =D 
Today is my grandparent's 52nd Ann . The funny part is grandma got grandpa with a trick candle . 
Woke up to find out that I have an interview at 5 at a college . 
Watching the Shining 
Watching " Deadliest Warrior " Yakuza vs . Mafia , this is one interesting show . 
sometimes telling someone what you think and feel is the hardest thing to ever do . sometimes I want to just put everything out there but I don't want to lose everything that means alot . 
" I'm so tired but I can't sleep , standin ' on the edge of something much too deep , it's funny how we feel so much but we cannot say a word , we are screaming inside , but we can't be heard " 
Going out and staying with a friend for the night . :) 
Lets go on a magic carpet ride ! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms . 
going to bed , early morning and I have to move my bags to the trunk . Were finally going on the road ... =D 
* raises eyebrow and smirks * I don't think this is a game you wanna play , your not going to win 
Went to the mall with Ladybug , had a great day now were having a sleepover ! =D WHA-BAM ! 
Going to the mall with my girls today ! 
Getting ready for a day out , I just have to figure out what I'm going to do tomorrow . 
Wakka wakka wakka 
I think I did much more damage to my knee then I thought . ='( I'm off to bed now 
I can't wait to get home , got awesome plans with my girls . =D 
The truth never set me free , so I had to do it myself . 
Watching " The Lord of the Rings : The Two Towers " and hoping my burn stops hurting . 
going to bed , I didn't sleep last night . PEACE ! 
" the world comes to life and everything's bright from beginning to end when you have a friend by your side that helps you to find the beauty you are when you open your heart and believe in the gift of a friend " 
“Yeah it’s true ! And he’s really hot . It’s like he needs theme music that goes ‘Bow-chicka Wow-wow’ every time he walks into a room . ” LOL 
Now that I think about it I don't think it's my feelings that has me caged in , I openly love and cherish , I prove my love everyday by showing it instead of saying it , words are words that mean nothing if you can't put them into action . People's expectations are what has me caged in , and I refuse to be held back anymore by them . 
Getting ready for a long , but awesome weekend and trying not to poke Mike's bruise . 
I found a show about Parkour . It's really cool 
It amazes me when a young lady open their mouths to sing and their voice is so big . Like Jennette McCurdy ( Sam from iCarly ) I got chills when I listened to her cover of " So far away " by Carole King , I never expected a voice like that to come from her . 
Today is a great day , it was simply made by a 16 year old boy ! 
On a chair , on the floor , on the washer =D 
" I'll hold my head high , I'll never let this define the light in my eyes love myself , give it hell I'll take on this world yes , I'll stand and be strong No , I'll never give up I will conquer with love and I'll fight like a girl " 
Shower , bed , and study tomorrow before my big test and hope I do a good enough job to do what I have to do . I'm just fearing failure 
whenever I read a story there is always a piece of the characters that strikes my interest , and I either like them or I really don't . I can almost name the traits I love and the ones I don't . 
Just got back from walking with Kelly and my favorite 2 year old boy ! 
To be honest I don't see what the big deal is with wanting a guy , I mean guys are not the way they used to be , it's rare to find a guy who follows his heart and thinks with his mind , instead of follows his hormones and thinks with his pants . 
pack , study , take test , finish packing , sleep , then leave . 
Your not worth crying over , this smile is plastered on . =D 
Take my words and keep them close to heart . I will NEVER fall for anybody for the rest of my life , it is not going to happen , NEVER . I promise on it ! 
Spending time out with my mom , enjoying her attention . :) 
Yay Avatar : The Last Airbender ! 
I wish I had a car and money , I'd take off and go to Washington . I'd sit on the beach and enjoy the ocean . I'd be free from everything for the moment , just enjoying time away with my thoughts . 
I guess it's one of those lay in bed and watch Cartoons with Brigy or try my best to keep her calm when she wants to cry type of day .... Either way is ok with her aunt Lily 
Yay I'm getting a Ironman toy from Burger King ! 
I'm smarter then to believe that I need you , I'm smart enough to know if someone wants to be by your side they will find a way to do so and if they don't try then don't stress it , it's simply their loss 
Study , study , study thats my plans for the night . 
why yes I do dance around the dining room to Justin Timberlake's " sexy Back " with people LOL 
Getting up early in the morning and being in the car for 8-9 hours and 2 weeks away from EVERYTHING stressful in Ohio ! I DIG !! 
" We should get fake mustaches and go to the movies ! " ~ L " I'LL GET THE PUDDING AND PONIES ! " ~ A . Oh how I love you ! 
Off to the Reds game . 
Watching How I Met Your Mother , and taking care of my niece . 
I think it's weird how I do things in dreams I wouldn't do in life , but I think it's cool I can do things I can't do in life too . =) 
And I don't know how it gets better than this 
You take my hand and drag me head first 
Fearless 
Sleep over at my sister's 
sometimes I miss the innocence of how life used to be , like when I was younger I was afraid of sleeping in a room alone afraid of what might happen so I used to sneak into my brothers room and fall asleep between their beds , and there I felt safe like nothing could get me while I was asleep between my 2 big brothers . 
One of those days where I wish we had a car , I wanna get out of the house and go have fun somewhere . 
took meds for sinus infection and it hasn't helped at all . On top of the sinus problems I'm tired , Jittery , sweating , light headed and already hurt myself 3 times already on my chair in the past hour . I don't like this stuff , not one bit 
Do you remember that one show ... with that one guy ... Who does that one thing ?? Yeah me too 
Is going to be truthful . Ask me anything ( only in my inbox ) I will answer honestly . Post as status and see what happens . 
People with special needs do not have an illness ; it is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Ed week , and this is in honour of al ... special needs children ? 
How can someone disappear off of my facebook and I didn't even notice ? 
" oh damn my lily senses are tingling " ~ LOL the highlight of my morning =) 
2 hours out of Cincinnati and the stupid car broke down . 
Took the dogs for a walk , now working on a puzzle 
Feeling miserable , doubled over sick to my stomach . I'm sick and whiney . =( 
I can't wait to be home again , then I'll get to live without the nightmare . 
Getting ready to go to Miss Ladybug's house and hang out with her 
Can't wait to be leaving , it's going to be buckets of fun , tons of pics , time spent with one of my besties , and having a big adventure . =D 
I don't mind storms , I do mind when they add a Tornado Warning to it . =( 
" Our lives are better left to chance I could've missed the pain , but I'd of had to miss the dance " 
To my friends who have my cellphone number , Please do NOT send me forward or picture messages . It messes up my phone and then it takes forever to fix it . Send all the text you want but do NOT send picture messages . Thanks . 
You'll never touch the sky , if you don't atleast try . 
Babysitting later today , then Saturday I'm going to my other family's , I'm SUPER excited to be seeing them and my best friend I might just jump on her and squeeze her ! =D 
I guess I'm going to go lay in bed and write in my journal or something .... who knows ? =( 
A little over a week and I'm out of state for a week ! =D 
About to swim at the beach 
why can't going to the doctor or dentist be fun anymore , it's so boring ! Where did the sucker , stickers , and cool cartoon band aids go ? I always enjoyed it when I was younger . >.< 
On the way back from Mt . Olympus , had a great time . 
I just wanna be honest ... I think your ninja skills are lacking , and I think it bothers you that I'm giving you a run for your money and I'm winning ! LOL 
For once I want to be a princess . I want to be one of those lucky girls , who actually gets the amazing guy . 
Mini- golfing now with Orangie 
" don't play stupid with me ! " " I'm NOT playing stupid with you ! " " Oh ... so you're naturally that way ! " 
Watching The Two Towers with Orangie . =D 
Reading Twilight again for the 5th time ? 
Walked around town , now watching Karate Kid at the movies , mini-golfing tomorrow . =D 
O.o .. d (-.-) b ... =( ^.^ ) = just thought I'd share 
I'm having one of those days where I don't care if I'm peachy towards other , and I really don't care if feelings are hurt or not . 
I think I'm getting a stomach bug or something .. 
Sometimes I really wish I could read your mind , just so I'd know what I'm working with , so I'd know the smallest fraction on how to figure you out . 
20 MORE DAYS !!! YAY ME !!! 
LOL I just seen a commercial for diapers that look like jeans . 
I love how no matter how bad we fight , we always vow that next summer were going out with a BANG ! LOL 
Ugh ... Stomach's a hurting , I'm torn between writing , reading or just sleeping . 
off to work more on my current project , I really don't know what to do with it ... just gotta stay calm with it =D 
I slept half the day because I felt horrible only to wake up to feel even worse . It's times like this I wish I had someone to just hold me while I'm laying in bed feeling bad . 
I've made up my mind , no need to think it over if I'm wrong , I am right 
Stomach's still hurting , can't wait for this weekend it's going to filled with AWESOMENESS ! 
I had a GREAT night out with friends , went to the Haunt and out to eat , finally getting home after 3am , over 7 hours of being outside in the cold and never a dull moment . =) 
one day I'm going to make all these dreams come true , and it might take years to get where I want to be , I really don't know what I have to face in that time , but I do know that one day I'm to give you the biggest hug I've ever given anyone , and I will tell you thank you for believing in me and sticking through it all . 
I give up , seriously why do I even try ? 
Today's gonna be a good day I get to spend time with my beautiful niece ! 
EHHH ... today is so BORING !!!! 
Lily+No sleep = a very hyper , silly Lily =D 
It's sister week ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped yourtears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . 
Going to the Zoo today ! 
My wish in life is that I'm happy and successful in what ever I do , and that I am grateful for everything I have . =) 
On the way home from meeting my Aunt Tammy she is really cool , now I need to get sleep since I'm running on about 2 hours worth . 
Now that I feel udderly stupid , I think I'll go to bed . =D 
Good Morning Sunshine , the Earth says Hello 
I guess since I have this nasty stomach virus I'll lay in bed , write and watch movies . For now it's the Twilight Saga . 
I have a weird mind , I'm reading this story and one character reminds me of Marshall from How I Met Your Mother , and another one reminds me of Red Herring from A Pup Named Scooby Doo . Every time I read something about them , those 2 images pop into my mind and I don't know why ?! -.- 
" When the lights go out 
We'll be safe and sound 
We'll take control of the world 
Like it's all we have to hold on to 
And we'll be a dream " 
On the road home , can't wait to get home and see my family and friends . =D 
going to catch at least a half hour to an hour of sleep till I get woken up to meet my aunt Tammy . =) 
Today I laughed so hard I cried , my stomach hurt and I gave myself a headache . What a great day ! 
I think friends should be allowed to have some secrets from even the bestie , I even have a couple I've never mentioned to some of my friends , and I tell them almost everything . 
On the way back to Kelly's from Chris's game . 
Home now , it's good to be home again 
Laying in the back of a truck looking at the sky is fun , weather it be day or night . 
Are you SERIOUS troll ? did you seriously think that I would just accept that , HA gotta be kidding me , go away and go back to your bridge you live under ! 
Watching the beautiful Bridgy all weekend , this is gonna be fun . 
Watching The Blind Side with my grandpa and sister . 
If I could write a fairytale , you'd be the prince and I'd be the princess and we would go on big adventures and live happily ever after . 
Going to watch Eclipse with Orangie then finding something else to get into for the day , 
Going to Wisconsin Dells , to play in the water park 
ohhhhhh the moon is out , let's go howl at it !!! 
seriously what is wrong with people these days ? Who destroys a cemetery and takes a purple heart from a Soldiers grave ? It's very disgusting and repulsive behavior 
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down . 
~ Arnold H . Glasow 
The best feeling is when you expect someone the leave , but they are always there with open arms 
I know I should be asleep since were headed for home in less then 2 hours , but I'm wide awake . 
Trigun it makes me HAPPY ! =D 
Had a FANTASTIC day today , playing around and being random in the mall , with 2 of the coolest girls EVER ! =) 
Here we go again 
we're sick like animals 
we play pretend 
I love playing basket ball and table tennis on Wii , great night at Kelly's giving her a run for her money ! =D 
Watching The Butterfly Effect with Orangie . 
Off to watch Trigun with Orangie ! YAY TRIGUN !!! =D 
EEPPP !!! * HAPPY DANCE * 28 MORE DAYS , 28 MORE DAYS !!! 
Getting ready to go babysit my beautiful niece tonight . 
" Hey you , pull my name tag , just pull it " LOL 
Tuesday I'm going to KI with friends , then sometime this week Orangie and I are going to go see a movie !! I'm excited =D 
I feel like I have a million things to say , and nobody in particular to say it to . 
I believe in magic and fairy tales , that's why I wanna go to Washington ! 
" dude everything he touches turns to gold " " I wish he'd touch those pancakes " " you want to eat gold pancakes ? " " no , I'd sell them , and get good pancakes " 
I really wanna go to the beach now , not the water park , an actual beach . =/ 
going to KI with my brother and Orangie about 10am , now all I need is a friend to also go ! I'm super excited ! =D 
I have no clue what is going to happen in life , but that's the most exciting part . 
I had a fun Valentines day for the most part , Thanks again babe for my green and blue puppy and chocolates . I love them ! =) Thanks also for the other stuff you gave me . 
Sleepover tonight with Ladybug then Reds game tomorrow ! 
Note to self : Jumping off the swings and doing a Superman dive in the mulch though it was fun , it hurts afterwards . =D LOL 
Going to bed , hopefully my throat will stop hurting and I'll get decent sleep . Nighty night 
Stomach virus and almost out of paper in my notebook for my writing , this isn't any good . =( 
Going to spend time with Orangie !! I missed her ! =D 
I think I found a language I really wanna learn !! 
When I get a car I want a Jeep Wrangler ! 
Reading and finding one of my favorite lines " you're a smart cookie " . It make's me laugh , it brings back memories . 
I'm highly confused when I'm watching a movie and everyone starts singing the same song , it's like seriously how do they all know the same song out of the blue . Not very convincing people . 
Why is David Letterman on ? Seriously the guy is NOT funny at all ! 
why is there never anything to do on facebook anymore ?!?! ugh .. seriously , I have to find a way to make this more fun , but how ?! hmm .... 
Since my plans are now off , I guess I spend my night talking to Ladybug and then reading or writing . I'm not even going to get upset that my plans were blown off without a word , I have other things I can be doing . 
Let's just jump , not care what happens . We'll take a chance , and hope we make it and if we don't we'll try again but lets just be carefree and we'll deal with what happens after we jump , and we'll hold onto each other for dear life so we won't be alone . 
I really like when people have names that you don't hear everyday ! It's interesting , how different things can seem . 
I'm tired of 
trying , I'm tired of going out of my way to mean something , I'm tired 
of trying for nothing . If I ever matter or you want me , you know how 
to get me but untill then catch ya on the flip side cause I'm done . 
Ok noooowww I'm off to bed ............ oh wait 1 new notification ... now I have to check it out ! 
Reach out to me like I've done many times to you , let me know I mean something to you , that I am as important in your life as you are in mine ! You mean alot to me , yet I feel like I mean nothing to you and I hate this ! 
Baking Peanut Butter cookies for my mommy and me for breakfast ! YUMMY !! 
if you want someone to be civil and trust you DON " T contradict yourself ! You can not say I love you , I care and you can talk to me about anything , then turn around and ignore them it's bull and I'm over it . Peace out I'm over it 
for once my hang out place with someone is not Walmart !! LOL I love my Walmart girls though . 
" Oh , so was I .. I was wondering , what are we ? " * confused look * " Well , I'm pretty sure we're both human " * giggles * " No , I mean are we friends ... or more ? " " oh " 
It's going to be a Trigun night ! 
* truth is * like this status and i'll tell you the truth is .. ( : 
I like it in a basket of clothes . 
this should be an EXCITING month , going to The Dent Schoolhouse with Orangie and Ladybug , haunted houses and trails , Birthday dinner with the family , then something pretty cool for my birthday , Halloween Party . 
‘If you love someone , let them go . I they love you , they’ll come back . ’” 
I made chocolate chip cookies and they were good !! =) 
Waking up realizing I fell asleep before I did my plans and thinking " CRAP I REALLY WANTED TO DO THAT TOO " 
Going to help Ladybug paint her new apartment then going to her parents for the night . =) 
I like when someone says something simple and they don't sound like they have an accent but the more they talk the more it comes out and the more I feel the need to go " AWWWW " 
Today feels amazing , I've missed sitting outside with a hoodie on and enjoying nature . Tonight I'm sitting by the fire in my hoodie and enjoying it and family . 
Went to the Zoo today and it was free , going back to the Zoo tomorrow for free and to the beach ! 
I realized my life is a cliche of a chick flick 
trying to find music I used to listen to when I lived in the yellow house and I'm not finding much . =( music has changed so much in the past 10 years . 
Wherever I go in life I hope I'm humble and true to who and what I am . 
Now that my niece is asleep on my stomach , I'm going to relax and read for a bit . 
" I'm a ninja ! " " no your not " " Yeah I am " " nope " " did you just see that ? " " see what ? " " exactly ! " =D 
I scream your name it always stays the same I scream and shout so what I'm gonna do now is freak the freak out ! 
I guess it's time for bed and since I'm at Kelly's and she works tomorrow then I'll work on my stories till she get's home . =D 
I really want it to rain , I think it'd be a good day to sit alone in my room , write and listen to music and be left alone to think things out . I need me time . 
I don't mean to be one of those giggling girls when I see a cute guy ... it just kinda happens ! =) 
I hate coming home from a friends , and hearing bad news . 
Lives change like the weather , so remember to be brave 
Children with special needs only want what we all want - to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently . 
My arm is on fire from a rabbit going crazy and scratching me ! 
Today was one of those days where I'm excited to see sleep . 
Just got out of the movies and now headed home , lol fun day . 
Watching How I Met Your Mother , and trying to figure personal things out . =) 
I really don't like scary movies about killer dolls or puppets , I mean it's more creepy then scary . 
Trying to put my niece to sleep and she's crying and reaching for someone when its just us 2 in the dark room can you say creepy ! 
I don't see what's so bad when someone says they don't find the person you like attractive , to me that means " good , I don't have to view you as a threat " and if they do find them attractive it's like " thanks for agreeing with me " LOL 
Hanging out with my niece today . 
Trying to go back to sleep , I'm tired and sore , and sleep feels so welcoming . 
Everything seems perfectly clear right now , there is not an ounce of confusion in my life for the moment , and I love this weird feeling . 
I just learnt that cleaning a wound with hot water deactivates stingray venom . 
" I'm like a hunter of peace . One who chases the elusive mayfly of love ... or something like that . " =D 
" when all the broken hearted people living in the world agree , there will be an answer , let it be . For though they may be parted there is still a chance that they will see , there will be an answer . let it be . " 
Pocahontas makes me wanna go out of state , and just forget about cell phones and computers and just explore and enjoy nature . I now wanna just lay on the beach , walk through forests , sit around a fire with friends and have fun without technology . 
I really don't like the news , it's depressing and it makes me sick and angry . I also don't like how people get kicked out of serving our country cause they are gay , seriously that's their personal business . It's stupid they are not doing drugs , or being dishonorable , they are simply trying to serve our country , why does it matter if they are gay or not ? 
I really love the song Dear God by Avenged Sevenfold , it's a sweet song . 
I helped make dinner and it is YUMMY !!! 
there is nothing like getting a new song stuck in your head and picturing someone singing it and trying not to giggle . 
Pizza day out with the family ! WHOOT !! 
I have Bright Lights and 3AM by Matchbox Twenty stuck in my head and I don't know why . =/ 
I can't wait for Friday , going out with friends and having a great night . Then probably working out birthday plans , and hanging out Saturday and Sunday . =) 
Oh no my pet rock died , I'm going to miss him dearly ! =( 
I want to watch the rain and listen to Stairway to Heaven , that would be purely beautiful . 
off to bed I'm tired now and I just want sleep . =) Peace 
It's weird thinking about how much things change from month to month , it's also weird going through old messages and it becomes clear that everything is different now . 
Even when I'm sick I'm a trooper , I still get up make plans and go on like nothing is different . I've changed my mind , I'm going to lay around all day , sleep , relax and have me time , and if someone doesn't like it too bad it's my sick day . 
This time there is no playing dumb and believing your lies , there is NO going back , I'm done with it . I'm moving on . 
For once I'm going to bed before 6 am , I'm tired and my head hurts goodnight ! 
I think stupid people should come with a sign , or I should have the right to smack them atleast . Just saying 
" can't he go to a nicer loan shark ? " " do you hear yourself they are called loan sharks , not loan bunnies , not loan guppies , they are called loan Sharks , they'll bite your face off " 
I found something that makes me truly happy and keeps my mind off of everything going on around me . It's peaceful and a great escape . 
Watching The House of Wax , and relaxing . 
I actually like it when I mention my celebrity crushes , and people disagree with me or go all O.o ! It really makes me giggle ! 
After this morning's event I think I deserve to be able to lay on the couch all day and not be bothered . 
I love the CUTE nicknames I get from my friends !!! 
Change of plans , Friday night out with friends and having fun , and meeting my Aunt Tammy for the first time sometime this weekend !! This is going to be a good weekend for me . =) 
Watching How I Met Your Mother . 
I realized after 2 years I still haven't got my book back , and I really want it back . =( 
Off to sleep , have a great day everyone ! =) 
Today is a roll over , go back to sleep and try again tomorrow kinda day . I'm worn out 
I felt special today when a guy held the door for me not once but twice when going into a store . =) Manners still live on ! 
NON PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets . 1 ) They live here , you don't . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture . 3 ) I love my pet more then I like some people !!! 4 ) To you , they are animals . ... To ...... me , they are my babies , who are ... short , hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back ! ? Re-Post if you love your pet(s) !! 
Since I have no plans that I know of tomorrow I will invite my Ladybug to go book shopping with me !! =D 
I wanna go to The Dent School House this year , anyone wanna go with me ? I'm a big chicken and I want a group to go with ! 
Trying to think of a costume is kinda hard thing to think of , I wanna be something that is mature but not slutty . 
Love is like war easy to begin , hard to end 
One day I'm going to make my biggest dreams come true and I'll be standing in front of the world with the biggest smile on my face with the people who matter the most . 
I don't normal find Tyson Houseman attractive , but seeing him dance before all the muscles to Jump On It , in that moment he was attractive and I don't know if it was his smile or his dancing but it made me giggle . 
Trying to paint but too many people in one room , I couldn't paint so here I am till later . I guess I'll pick up the night shift 
I didn't think going to bed shortly before 11:30 pm , I would be back up about 4am sweating , wide awake with a headache ! =( 
I like doing funny things when I go to kiss someone's cheek , either making a funny noise or leaning in and whispering " I'm a vampire " ( it's even funnier when someone gasps and jumps lol I love you mom ) 
I LOVE being called sweet names by people , it makes me feel happy . I don't care if it is a male or female calling me them . It's cute when someone calls me hun , babe , baby , sweetie , sweetheart , it's just too cute !! 
Message me a # 1 100 , and ill write a confession about you in my status with your number : 
this is turning out to be a great day , so far !! Happy Birthday Shawn and Ted !!!!! =D 
listening to Banana Pancakes + eating banana pancakes = one AWESOMELY YUMMY morning ! 
I think it's about time for a change , getting my hair either trimmed or cut tomorrow and then I'm doing my own bangs cause I'm getting tired of the blond and pink in it . =) 
Oh goodness that boy's so hot he should have his own theme music that goes bow-chicka wow-wow every time he appears . =D 
A 13 year old boy in Texas shot himself in the head after years of bullying and torment for being gay . Seth Walsh , also 13 , hung himself from a tree . Tyler Clementi , 18 and a freshman at Rutgers University , jumped off the GW Bridge after his roommate broadcasted a video of Tylerwith another guy . Today I STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES in their honor . If you care to STAND UP with me please post this as your status . 
I now have ~ Spare me the details ~ by The Offspring stuck in my head !! =) 
I woke up from a really weird dream , being held down by the dogs and I thought about my plans tonight and got really excited and I feel like dancing . 
I now wanna learn the Jump On It dance , it looks like tons of fun ! =) 
I just realized I haven't eaten a meal since Tuesday evening ! 
I just noticed that most of the friends I have came from Norwood School . =) 
This should be fun . :D Post this to your status and see what people love about you . I love your ___ . 
it's weird looking at people you used to be friends with and knew when your younger , it's even weirded looking at their pictures and thinking they look the same but yet they've changed sooo much . 
im boredd , sooooo like this status && i'll tell you why i like youu . ( : 
I can't wait to go buy Eclipse tomorrow night/saturday morning ! Then Stephie's baby shower saturday evening ! YAY what a weekend ! =D 
I'm talented , I'm the only person I know who can sneeze and crack my tongue ring . Now it's time to play some board and card games with my sister and her friend ! WHOOT ! 
Had an awesome birthday , thanks everyone for the happy birthdays . You guys are the coolest ! 
I'm one happy girl today ! I got woken up to food and a purple camera WHOOT !! 
I don't see how singers do it , I can sing about life and love but to sing a song I wrote about heartbreak , I would tear up or cry while singing it . To think about it and feel everything all over again and to remember exactly what happened to cause you to write that , I think it would something hard to do even though in a way your expressing yourself and venting . 
I'm not even going to lie , that man has everything right going for him . He's cute , smart , funny , strong and fast , he's tough but yet soft . Those tattoos , beautiful brown eyes and a smirk that makes me melt , and I love that fact he's a play baby . 
I have the most awesome niece in the world , she likes to dance and goof off with her aunt Lily , she likes to spear people like Edge and laughs about it , she's just too cute ! 
I had a great day out with family and Ash at the mall , we even had a fun little adventure on the road . Hahaha 
These have been 2 of the hardest days of my life filled with tears , just had to bury my beautiful ferret of 4 years Anna with the help of my brother Michael and my best friend Lisa , thanks you 2 and everyone else who has been there for me it means a lot . 
" maybe you're just a late bloomer " " are you referring me to a flower ? " " No , just saying you're a late bloomer is all " " If i was a flower what flower , would i be to you ? " " A white rose " " Why " " I don’t know ... A rose is the ultimate flower that beats the rest and white because i guess it just represents you and how pure your soul is " 
Late night adventures to Wal-mart with Orangie , that's where all the cool kids go ! YAY !!! =) 
Only the best of friends would have you sneak out of the house with them at 2 something in the morning , to get you ice cream after you've had a horrible tear filled night . Thanks Orangie <3 
Back to writing my stories , and getting lost in my thoughts again for a bit kids ! =) 
" You keep loved ones on your right telling others there important to you and friends on your left , there loved but not as much as your loved ones . " just a cute quote I read in a story =) 
" I'm given all I got to make you stay , Or am I just a roadblock in your way ? 
Cause your a pretty little windstorm , Out on the boulevard 
Something like a sunset , Oh yeah a shooting star 
And I might drive myself insane , If those lips start speaking my name " 
I laughed so hard I cried about a 20 min conversation just about GIANT DONUTS !!! 
So many things I'd say if only I were able 
But I just keep quiet and count the cars that pass by 
LOL oooohhhh how I love my nerds ! they made me cry laughing with their war to save their Skittles ! You guys did great on defeating those samurai toaster stroodle assassins ! Such heroes you are ! 
I hate that awkward moment when your confessing your feelings for someone to someone else and all of a sudden they are behind you and heard it all , so you really don't know how to react . 
So here's to everything , Coming down to nothing 
Here's to silence , That cuts me to the core 
Where is this going ? 
But I knew for a minute , But I don't anymore 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours ... Please participate , it could be fun :) 
" I think I would like to do something for somebody . I think it's good if someone smiles when you smile at them . The beauty of voluntary acts can foster goodwill in the hearts of others . Love which doesn't ask for collateral gives us respect as people . However , it is wrong to try to sustain that . In time the strain will bloom into the flower called Lie , the thorny flower which hurts people . " 
this is the WORST day ever ! I just wanna lay in bed and bawl my eyes out ! 
So don't you worry your pretty little mind 
People throw rocks at things that shine 
But they can't take what's ours 
