keeps getting distracted . I WILL play L4D ... after this song's finished . > : U 
wishes she was a freakin zombie . 
feels loads better now . :D 
can't find the rubber . ;-; * sad * 
can't stop saying " Wananananana ~ " 
needs a new bg for her computer that doesn't say " merry christmas " . :/ 
is sunburnt . ;^; 
Hurt her ankle horse riding . : < 
has fallen in love with Nathan Vetterlein's voice acting . :3 
feels sick . Buhhh . ; n ; 
has lost the game . : < 
needs to draw but has a freakin ' art block . D; 
walked home without her shoes on . c : 
is watching her new guinea pig settle in . ;) 
' s headphones don't work properly . ; ^ ; 
is getting her second MMR tomorrow . :P 
is hoping that Half-Life 2 : Episode 3 comes out some time this decade . :/ 
has to take her piggys to the vets soon . Denzil has mites . :/ 
is watching WALL-E . Again . e u e 
' s asthma might of returned . ; ^ ; 
IS HAPPY AGAIN . :D 
Can't believe I've manged to lose £200 . >:| 
has just lost the game . 
has just had the mother of all panic attacks . Now I'm dizzy and my headhurts . Think I'll go watch Vicar of Dibley . :/ 
has just seen G-Force . ;D 
is going through the long and painful task of installing L4D . :/ * sigh * 
Right , gonna play The World Ends With You , brush Denzil , have a bath and watch Shaun of The Dead again . <3 
Think that I'm going to enjoy ZombieLand more than WALL-E . OH GOD I CAN'T WAIT . 
has had a rotten afternoon . So to cheer myself up , I've just bought Left 4 Dead . :D 
has just had a radom cat walking around the house . :/ 
have to take Banzai to the vets soon . :/ 
has a spider living under her keyboard . I shall name him Paul . 
Zombieland comes out on the 30th . I CAN'T WAIT THAT LONG . * cry * 
is no longer blonde . Coolbeans . 
wants to see The Crazies , even if it isn't about zombies . Hurry up Friday . 
? _ ? 
South Park . <3 
saw the crazies last night . Need to see it again , even if I did shit myself , like , 3 times . <3 
Don't you just love it when you're in the shower and the fuse goes , so you're left freezing and in the dark ? D: 
Perhaps leaving my science course work until the last minute wasn't the best idea I've ever had ... 
God damn Bopit !, stop distracting me ! I forgot how much I loved that thing . D: 
just chillin ' with Kerys , eating tea cake . om nom nom . 
Being stuck alone at school and freaking about your german speaking exam isn't the best feeling in the world . 
Ben & Jerry's Strawberry Cheesecake = heaven in frozen form . 
Some kids annoy the living hell outta me . 
Still in school , asking myself , " why did I take drama ? " 
Drama will seriously be the death of me ... 
That awkward moment when you can't remember how to use an inhaler ... 
Kerys Jasmine Dodsworth is the most amazing person ever . Ever . 
double science . Joy . 
ANOTHER DS is coming out ? Jesus-fucking-Christ . ? _ ? 
Physiotherapy has made me realise I'm not as flexible as I used to be . I feel so old . |l'OTL 
want to go shopping but I don't have anyone to go with ... or any money . Oh well ! :P 
is sick of her lack of confidence . I swear I'm going to take better care of myself . I'm going make sure I'll be able to do what I want , wear what I want , whenever I want . Thank you Countess-Grotesque for inspiring me . :) ( lol I've updated 3 times today . -dork-) 
My new computer is here and working . Very happy . :D 
one little walk can bring back so many memories . I love going for walks . : ' D 
Want to play Res Evil 4 , but dad has stolen the tv . Sadface . 
oh shiiiiiiit , I'm having the mother of all nosebleeds . ; _ ; 
can't believe the number of horrible stares I get when I'm wearing baggy jeans . D: Maybe I don't wear tighter fitting jeans ' cause I lack the confidence because of people like them . They need to take their " fashion sense " and stick up their asses . :| 
hoping I can get my hair cut and coloured tomorrow . If I don't .... I will cry . D: 
Has just been to her new niece , Lily . :D 
Yay , off to Yorkshire ! :D 
has finally had her hair done ! :D 
WALL-E ! Well , that's made my day . :D 
Having a pretty shit day tbh . : < 
R . I . P Pickles . <3 17/12/08 -24/07/10 You'll always be my little baby piggy . xxx <3 
Hot water bottle explodes all over . My face --> ; ___ ; 
Stuck in a crowd of smelly people . There is no escape . 
is off to go see Dara O'Briain . :D <3 
sat in my sister's house , listening to David , my mum and grandma bitching about Stockton . : Y 
mmmm , cake . <3 
getting my hair done . :D ' bout tine . 
R . I . P Banzai . Love you . xxx <3 
Merry Crimbo . tbh , all I want right now is more sleep . :) x 
Guinea pig count in my house has just increased by one . 
Thank's to everyone who's wished me happy birthday ! :D xxx 
Just done 30 minutes of solid running . Feels good man . :D 
bloody hell , London's went all out this year ... I think those fireworks blinded me . : U Happy new year . x 
Just sat designing tattoos , ' cause , you know , that's much more important than homework or coursework ... or sleep . 
