Quote from a Christian Fundementalist idiot : " Can you prove your point or are you just going to spout out evidence all day ? " 
has renamed his iPod : Martin 
Derren Brown Fails . 
is quite liking girls aloud 
Ahhhhhhh ! Raisins ! 
Toblerone , Darth Vader ? And then you stab him . 
There's a Flying hooker watching you hug . 
What have you got against baboons in Mime ? 
Big Red Button ! http://www.milaadesign.com/bigred.html 
Computers have feelings too . http://www.collegehumor.com/article:1752773 
Only Chuck Norris can win " THE GAME " 
A bag o ' weed , A bag o ' weed . Oh , everything is Better with a bag o ' weed . 
is watching LOONEY TUNES ! 
Sex , Drugs , Rock ' n ' Roll and COOKIES ! 
How many people aren't using their Russell Howard Ticket ? 
What does the mango smoothie taste like ? Does it taste like oranges ? 
is nearly in 40th awake hour . 
I have my lip Pierced ! 
What flavour do your chihuahuas come in ? 
Napalm is Nature's Toothpaste . 
There must ALWAYS be a Clown ! 
Blonde , Blonde , Blonde , Blonde , BLONDE ! 
AUUUGHH ! MY KINDEYS ! THE BUTTERY SHRAPNEL ! IT BURNS ! 
Back from a Frances ! 
As everyone else is ... Any else got Rosemary White as a Tutor ? 
Dolphins can see the future with perfect clarity . That's why they're always screaming ! 
BUBBLES !! 
Senor Balloony-head sponsors Dave !! 
I am going to call my kids Ctrl , Alt and Delete . Then if they mess up I will just hit them all at once . 
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves . 
5 ' A*'s , 5 ' A's , 2 ' B's . ( For people who I haven't talked to yet . ) 
Vodka-time . 
Is converting to pastafarianism . Worship his noodleyness ! 
is bored as hell , so Interesting people must talk to me . 
Sobering up Tonight , from a 2 week drinking spree ! 
I want Grinnick the Antelope . 
Tennis is a fickle sport . No matter how good you are at it , a wall will always be better . 
" What the hell is that , Steve ? " " Dunno . Some kind of Cat Dinosaur . " 
has a Brilliant plan : Vodka Pie ! 
" Today , I was thinking about the expression ' revenge is a dish best served cold ' . Then I considered that ' revenge is sweet ' . I've come to the conclusion that revenge is ice cream . MLIA " 
is not drunk , just posessed by a highly retarded ghost . 
Bored of blonde . Is now Purple . 
When life gives you lemons , you burn them with your homemade flamethrower ! 
" Hardcore Dancing " - It looks like epileptic kids trying to swim . 
http://notalwaysright.com/when-mood-swings-attack-part-2/522 Last line especially Funny . 
Life is like a Grapefruit . It's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside , wet and squidgy in the middle . It's got pips inside , too . Oh , and some people have half of one for breakfast . 
Fear My Mighty Pigeon Army !!!! 
Roses are red , violets are blue , I'll fuck you with a rake . 
I don't want to die now . I've still got a headache . I don't want to go to heaven with a headache , I'd be all cross and wouldn't enjoy it 
AHHHHH , Facebook Fucked up good . 
is doing a survey for £5 . 
The way we were , The chance to save my soul , And my concern is now in vain . Believe the word , I will unlock my door , And pass the cemetery ... gates 
" Say one , more word , I double dare you , BRING IT ON ! Its my world , you're in it , It'll take you down in a minute . You can alter your look , and diversify your race , but the truth seems like , a bitch slap In Your Face ! " 
Been Watching Pocoyo . You know you're jealous , Bitches ! 
Might be going to see Toy Story 3D in lunch tomorrow . XD 
Sanity is nothing more than an excuse for being boring . 
is Wondering if T-Rexes could Juggles ? 
It's a Wonderful day , for PIE ! 
The Eyes ! The Red Squirrel Eyes ! 
is Back from adding a Jess to the Cambridge Campus . 
been awake for 12 hours now . 
Facebook now in 1337 . 
lol @ " Never Mind The Buttsecks " 
" I really can't afford to keep eating out this giraffe ! " 
Just found a dead wasp in a bottle of conditioner . WHAT THE FUCK !!! 
Has Baileys .... Oh yeah ! 
has some new Airwalks . 
has made plans to soak Gummy Beas in Vodka , so they swell up . 
http://explosm.net/comics/1777/ 
NOM , French Biscuits ! 
Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap . The flytrap can bite and bite , but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth . But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition . 
Has just cooked Some lovely Chicken 
" Clubbers in the North of England have taken to using dental syringes to inject Ecstasy directly into their mouths . " " This dangerous practice is known as ' E by gum!' " 
Whoop ! Runshaw Time . 
Only a Ginger ... can call another Ginger , Ginger !! 
mmm .... bloody steak . 
Has self-diagnosed with Vestiphobia . 
has decided on a new profession : Time-Travelling Porn Star . 
Curvy Lip Spike be Funnnn ! 
Rocky , Rocky , Rocky , NO . Rocky , Tomato , Sheep , GO ! 
Wants a Christmas Samosa . 
Sleeep Tomorrow . Vimto Now . 
is on the Viking Offenders Register 
His destructive programming is taking effect . He will be irresistibly drawn to large cities , where he will back up sewers , reverse street signs , and steal everyone's left shoe . 
For a large part of the 20th Century , Communism tried to destroy Capitalism . Now in the 21st Century , the Capitalists are showing them how it's done ! 
Has returned from Tesco with Vimto and Blue Curacao ! 
" What a wonderful cupcake , Pato " 
has decided he must get a Penguin tattoo . 
loves how Facebook forces everyone to refer to themselves in the Third Person . 
wants 3 THIGNS ! 
Monsters Inc . is ON ! 
Oh no , Run it's a ... BUMBLEBEAR !!!! 
Woah . AWESOME PARTY !!!! 
Ducks cheat at Poker . 
Henry Loves Crusts ! 
Wine is Umbrella . 
Will the various owners of : A silver iPod Mini , a Blue Hoodie , a red scarf and a stick on moustache , please let me know who owns what , so I can return things . 
Damn ... StumbleUpon has stopped working . 
And I haves 3 things ... 
Haikus are easy . But sometimes they don't make sense . Refrigerator . 
I HAVE TOES !!!! 
And IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII-e-IIIIIIIIIIII will always love Noodles . 
What do you call a gun with three barrels ? 
You can't rub a pig on a Cheese grater , That's Dangerous . 
I don’t wanna bike or fishing pole , I just wanna submarine . I’m gonna keep it in a swimming pool , Gonna keep it nice and clean . I don’t want a fucking pogo stick , I just wanna submarine . Fucking pedal car can suck my dick , Where’s my fucking submarine ? 
Mmm ... Fish Fingers . 
? Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost . It's empty and cold without you here , too many people to ache over . ? 
Anteater Power !! 
Fuck . My left arm is alseep . I can't move my it from the wrist down . 
Misfits = Guuuuurd . 
" Jätkät hei , mä lähen meneen ny ihan oikeesti " " Hei Ankku hei , ennen ku lähet ni kato mitä mä toin sulle " " Ei jumalauta , hyvännäkönen . Siis eiks tää oo siis .... " " On on , sixpack , kyllä " " Eihän sun ois tarvinnu hyvä mies , sitä paitsi meill ' on noita väkeviä " " Nii nii , mut aamuks ! " 
is so watching Lilo & Stitch . 
is watching insects . Insects are Silly . 
loves Jam . 
I need some CHEESE ! 
Mmm ... Liquid Kryptonite ! 
= Win Liberal Emus = New Lemur Alibis . Anagram Fun . 
has a pile of Beer , many Spirits , and one can of Strongbow . 
The Buddhist Hamburger joint : They'll make you one with everything . 
What would bacon do ? 
has just taken apart his speakers to amplify his headphones . 
Strange Quarks are strange . 
Wants a Lovely Buttery Baked Potato ... 
has bought stripey Toe socks . 
wants a Neon Cactus . 
? My heart is black , and my lips are cold . Buses on flame , with rock and roll ! ? 
Vimto + Curacao = Black + Tasty !!! 
WHO EATS ICE CREAM AT CHRISTMAS ?! 
Damn Powercuts !!!! 
Everyone drank all the beer , all the spirits , But the one can of strongbow still remains ! 
" Please tell me you don't actually own a cloak " , " I Own SEVERAL ! " 
Satan's Furry JamHats 
is a Pastry Whore . 
" Hakuna Matata " is Swahili ! 
There's no Pirate Translation for the Dislike Button !!! 
Free Bar on Thursday !!! 
Yesterday I discovered that it's almost impossible to tell the difference between a very heavy Scouse accent ... ... and French 
http://www.theonion.com/content/node/67259 
PURPLE PENGUIN !!! ... of death . 
FUCK YEAH ! Simon ' Ass-raped by Rage ' Cowell . 
is fucking Ill . 
has got a Fever . Anyone know the one and only prescption ? lol 
House to myself ... Time for booze ... 
has a MOTHERFUCKING BLACKLIGHT !!! 
& Jessica Robert Williams dance on Donkey Sancturies . 
XD Black Hair !!! 
has Just lost the Game . 
Penguins don't have pockets . 
" Oh hi ; I'm here from the Internet . " , " What are you doing !? " , " Gluing Captions to your cats . " 
Royal Instiution Christmas Lecture . Trees Are EVIL ! 
3 !!! 
MOTHERFUCKING CHRISTMAS ! 
" I do not fear death . I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born , and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it . " 
There's a flying hooker watching you hug ! Go away hooker ... 
has now gone BLONDE ! 
still Covered in Beeeees ! 
Sic vis pacem , para bellum . 
SOOTY PUPPET ! 
has just watched Dara O'Briain saw Gillian McKeath in half . 
I generally dislike Lee Evans . I do not find his form of " Comedy " Amusing . 
All MY amplifiers go to 12 !!! 
Fia ' Vimtomuffin ' FairyCake 
It's not premarital sex if n o-o ne will marry you ... 
Mmm ... Damn new fucking children only watching blonde people fuck . 
FUck .... Laptop sleeps retaredely slop whjen i'm wasted . 
Leprechaun Pikachu !! 
OMFG Kyle Gass is in Elf ... 
Sand is overrated . It's just tiny , little rocks .... 
Whooop ! Runshaw's Off . To the Sledging ... 
Those who died are justified , for wearing the badge , they're the chosen whites . You justify those that died by wearing the badge , they're the chosen whites 
Way runshaw out tomorrow as well . 
Fuck you Runshaw , I want to sleep tomorrow . 
and Fia ' Vimtomuffin ' FairyCake . Leaders of an Awesome ( yet possibly painful ) New World Order . 
" I'm Covered in Bees ! " 
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart . I want to recognize your beauty is not just a mask . I want to exorcise the demons from your past . I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart . ? 
I was right . Glee has ruined Don't Stop Believin ' . 
I dream of a better tomorrow , where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives . 
What ? The Carthaginians are attacking ? God , I knew they'd do that . What ? They are attacking over the Alps ? Damn , I knew they'd do that . What ? They're coming on elephants ? Where'd they get the elephants ? There aren't any elephants in Europe . 
is so Fucking Rock , so Goddamn Rock , so Motherfucking Rock ! 
I Fucking Hate Catherine Tate ... 
Where's my Fucking Submarine ?! 
If you stick with a Rubik's Cube long enough , all the sides end up Red . 
If an infinite number of rednecks riding in an infinite number of pickup trucks fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs , they will eventually produce all the world's great literary works in Braille 
Fia VimtoBunneh FairyCake skips like a Gay Raptor . 
I feel I must concede Defeat on this matter . Fia ' Vimtomuffin ' FairyCake is definately not Short . ( HONEST ! ) 
Some people are like Slinkies . They don't really have a purpose , but they still bring a smile to your face when you push them down the stairs . 
has just now watched the first ever Tom & Jerry cartoon . From before they were actually called Tom and Jerry . How very awesome was Fred Quimby . 
My husband's Dead , My Son's a leper . Watch me Tapdance ! 
XD . Penguin is one of few English words with Welsh Origins , It means White Head . 
I quite like my name at the Moment . 
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy . 
The Silent killers are ... Rocket Dinosaurs ... In Space . 
You Are What You Eat : " I Prefer Cheese & Crackers ! " 
Absolut Zero : The Freezing Temperature of Vodka . 
“What ? Beavers are real ? I thought they were mythical creatures ! ” 
has just watched The Shawshank Redemption and is about to watch Pulp Fiction . Excellent Night . 
My Haves teh Vimtoooo !!! 
Martin Donlin is Psychic , the Scurvy Curve ! 
First proper Hangover today : Good start to 2010 . 
" Cows - The Natural Predators of the Dyslexics " 
There's no one like you . I can't wait for the nights with you . I imagine the things we'll do , I just wanna be loved by you . ? 
Schoools out for ... Winter ? 
DAMN YOU , JAM !! 
The Toughest Decision of my life : Download or Sonisphere ? 
Fia VimtoBunneh FairyCake is a sexy Marshmallow Beast . 
Parent's Evening + Bomb Scare = Mucho Chaos . 
is afraid of getting raped in the woods by a bear in a clown suit . 
Woop ! Booze Haul ... 
Meet Jim , My imaginary Donkey . 
I don't know how they did it , but Tom and Jerry have just managed to make Drowning Kittens in a sack , funny . 
" Welcome to your new , simplified home page . " How the fuck is it simplified ? They've just piled all the shit possible onto to page ... 
? " Women are only good for 3 things : Cooking , Cleaning and Vaginas " ? 
" Ah Jim . Big Giant Robot Camels . " 
" Wait , people weren’t the first mammals ? " * pauses * " Oh , no , of course . The dinosaurs were here before us ! " 
“What’s ROFLMAO ?! Is it ‘Rolling Around With My Fist In My Arse ? ’” 
is Watching Kyle XY instead of doing the mass of Computing I have to do for tomorrow . 
Giraffe 
" What's Normal ? " , " What's Home ? " , " What are Cows ? " 
MAN THONG !! 
Fuck Yeah ! Wales have won , and I quite enjoy the irony of celebrating with scotch . 
has Shiny , Greeny-Blue Hair ! Fuck Yeah ! 
Chocolate Fish ! 
Of all my 80,000,000 ancestors , one of them MUST be Winnie the Pooh . 
My mouse is suicidal ... 
Excellent . All of the new A7X album's Drums will be The Rev's Handiwork . 
Mulan ... Fuck Yeah ! lol 
There is a hole in my lower lip big enough to see through . 
wants to Create rules for Strip Jumanji ... 
" What are your views on underage sex ? " " SWEDEN ! " 
~ Tilde ~ Power ~ 
" Shikudozukuto Meikitatakikarinari " Apparently , This is my Ninja Name . 
feels he may have said ' Epic ' too many times last night . 
Well , Formspring is a fucking retard ... 
T . O . E . A . R . S . T ! 
is loving me some Nightwish Tonight . 
Picasso , he should have been a taxidermist ! 
That was some Damn good rugby 
Get Asking ... http://www.formspring.me/Uncontinued 
has hurled a tangerine into a laminating machine . 
is Wondering why certain Facebook Apps don't have a Family Block . My sister has just been suggested as a possible Valentine ...?! 
I am in Awe . " Nekrogoblikon " = PIRATE/GOBLIN METAL ! 
The facebook connection doesn't work , so Ask away : http://www.formspring.me/Uncontinued 
" Is space hot ? " " Of course it is . Where else would we get Pineapple from ? " 
Mosh till your arms fall out from your body . Mosh until your legs break in half . TorsoMOSH !!! 
I love the music in the C o-O p Advert . It makes me dance . 
" Hi , I'm a Mac " " And I'm a PC " " Our Name is LINUX , for we are MANY " 
When George Bernard Shaw was a music critic , he dined one evening at a restaurant with a mediocre orchestra . Recognizing Shaw , the leader sent him a note asking what he would like them to play next . Shaw replied , “Dominoes . ” 
YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS TO ME WHEN YOU EAT BAGELS ! 
I'm considering Theming my Party Pirate-Style . 
Martin Donlin . Hyacinth . 
" Beethoven tells you what it's like to be Beethoven and Mozart tells you what it's like to be human . Bach tells you what it's like to be the universe . " 
I AM MUFFIN CTHULU !!! 
Goddamnit , is there one coffee shop in town where I can get a latte without being propositioned for a threeesome !? 
Take My Wife ! 
" One of the pickets that afternoon was outside a hardware store that sold Swedish Vacuum cleaners . " WBC , you never fail to make be laugh . 
Nooooo ... MLIA is down . 
" Life ... is like a grapefruit . It's orange and squishy , and has a few pips in it , and some folks have half a one for breakfast . " 
in Soviet Russia , The Game lose you . 
I'm against picketing , but I don't know how to show it . 
My Mother does not understand me . Why would I not want a Spongebob Poster ? 
Okay , so now I can't view comments . 
" That boy is lonelier than a Widowed trapeze artist with Alzheimers . " 
Just watching Black Books . Bill Bailey is Jesus . 
It is of utmost importance that we repeat our mistakes as a reminder to future generations of the depths of our stupidity . 
Children : You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk . Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up . 
Is it wrong that when people call me a Grammar Nazi , I call them Grammar Jews ? 
Patterns ... 
I do not have one for my sleep . 
" Other searchlights played exotically up and down the right-hand , transparent pillar creating dazzling patterns within it and a sudden inexplicable craving for ice-cream in the stomach of Arthur Dent . " 
Happy World Book Day . Pick up the nearest book , turn to p56 , and quote the 5th sentence . 
WE ARE THE BUNNIES , AND THE SHOVEL IS GOD ! 
Roses are Red , 
Violets are Blue . 
Sugar is Sweet , 
Death is Inevitable ... 
Well , I can safely say I've had a fun fun fun Friday . 
Fuck you Moon ! Why do you hate my camera ?! 
" Non-consensual Sex " sounds so much more romantic than Rape . It has the word " Sensual " in it . :D 
Bob the Fucking Builder !!! 
Well , Nightmare is quite utterly fucking awesome as an album ! 
I truely despise the phrase " LOL , jk " ... 
Fucking Jelly ! 
I really need some kind of new electronic device . I need to name something " Maurice " . 
is a Hooloovoo . 
Thought I'd completely avoided Sunburn today . 
After seeing my face in a mirror , I realised I was mistaken . 
" I will get you off with money . If you indulge my Chin fetish . " 
I now have 3 main wants in the world : An epic Analogue Synth , A Theremin , and a Trrrrampoline . 
Today , I went to " The Pub " . Excellent use of a physics trip . 
" If a guest in your home annoys you , treat them cruelly and without mercy . " 
Mullet with Headlights ? 
I take from all these statuses that england is out ? THANK FUCK ! 
Okay , Completely serious here . If anybody has information regarding where 4 shoes ( not in pairs ) from my house have gone , please contact me . And ask any friends I may not know . 
" How many digits of pi have you memorised ? " " All of them . I'm just working on the order . " 
Corin Williams , everything tastes better in a Martini Glass . 
I wish to make a Freudian analysis quiz . 
Possible Results : Oedipus Complex , Father Complex , Superiority Complex , Raging Homo ... 
Hell yeah . Avenue Q at The Lowry next year . :D 
On headphones : I highly reccomend the " Etymotic 6i Isolator " . They will blow your mind and then your eardrums . 
Spiderman 2 Pisses me off quite a bit . " Nuclear fusion needs Tritium . " " Well what's tritium like ? " " Don't know . Let's not look in to it . We'll just make it a shiny and golden ball . " 
Vestibule . 
I want a top Hat ... 
A Political Party is like a Sexual Preference . You're just choosing who you get fucked by . 
" Peter , who doesn't exist , and Susan , who doesn't exist , and Edmund and Lucy , who don't exist , all went through a magic doorway that doesn't exist , and met a talking lion , they exist but they don't talk and they're not a metaphor for Jesus Christ , who definitetly , definitely doesn't exist " 
OH MY GOD , I CAN'T BELIEVE IT ! South Park is on . lol 
has just seen someone try to argue that " There is only 1 Dimension . The third Dimension . " Science Fail . 
As I'm not going to leeds , I may as well go bungee jumping . 
They're like Dalek Power Rangers !!! 
Hitler is a genocidal fuckhead ... With bunny ears . 
" Yarr , " Big Boobs " has been cast overboard . The sharks eat well tonight . " Words cannot express how much I lol'd 
" I'm a little Teapot , short and stout . Here's my handle and ... Oh , bugger I'm a sugar bowl . " 
" A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely idiotproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete idiots . " - Douglas Adams 
lol Crusha Advert ... 
has driven to Mere Brow and back . I quite like my little car . XD 
Bored , and the word floccinaucinihilipilification is stuck in my head ... 
Australian Pink Floyd stage Show . 3 hours of pure eargasm . 
is as chiq as a giraffe . 
“I don’t want to live in a world that won’t accept pancakes as currency . ” 
Okay , since the plans to see Toy Story 3 today FAILED DISMALLY , is there anybody who wants to go see it in the next 2 days ? 
New Jeff Beck album is fucking amazing ... XD 
Friends , Romans , Countrymen , give my your ears . 
I have a brilliant eBay scheme to sell them . :D 
Women : Can't live with them , can't successfully refute their hypotheses . 
Nothing make you feel more manly , than drinking beer from a little glass . 
Rayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy , Iss my Birfffday ! 
" Have you used the phone in the rain ? Sometimes , that’s all it takes to get the internals wet enough to damage the device . " " Well , yes , but that doesn’t make any sense ! Cows are in the rain all the time and they don’t die ! " 
Apparently , reebok have invented magic trainers that give you a nice ass . 
Eat this cheese , it is my central nervous system . 
Why can I not find a version of Iron Man 2 that isn't in russian ? 
Red Bull in a Martini Glass ... Excellent . 
Where is my kitten powered Time-Machine ? 
" If ignorance is bliss , then knock the smile off my face . " 
lol , I love how Lord of the Rings gives the impression that Frodo is a child . He's 33 at the start , and in his 40s for all of the quest . 
Rayyy ! Eyebrow pierced ... XD 
Lotte Woodruffe will only have kinky sex with certain Pokemon . 
It's sunny and warm , Why must there be fuck all to do ? 
Meh , Screw sleep . 
Over 22,000 Stumbles and only 3 dislikes . 
The internet is my friend . :D 
The greatest line ever from a movie : " Ah shit . Shoot him , Shoot him , Shoot him ! " 
" Memorise the first 3 Digits of Pi , then make up the rest . N o-o ne will bother to check if you are right . " 
" This is the first piece of paper I haven't sexually assaulted in years . " 
There's a Jess Williams again ! :D 
I have discovered I can converse in sentences made up from Black Sabbath Song titles . 
Bodom Tour : Announced . 
Bodom Ticket : Bought . 
Bodom Fan : Satisfied . 
Why does blowing something down mean the same as blowing something up ? 
" A government agency will be set up to paint contour lines on to hills 
and colour roads the same as on maps . This will help people know where 
they are . " 
So , my download ticket has been Dispatched . Any buyers out there ? Only £170 . 
" What did I say about gloating ? " " I don't know I wasn't listening . I was too busy thinking about how right I am . " 
" Hah , you're toast . T.O.E.A.R.S.T. Toearst . " 
Metallica , Slayer , Megadeth and Anthrax . Live from Sonisphere at Cinemas , £15 , 22nd June . Anyone up for some Metal ? 
I'm bored , so I've resorted to the entertainment gained by drinking from a Martini Glass 
Helicopters can't fly ; they're just so ugly the earth repels them . 
I'm born again , With snakes eyes . Becoming ... God size . 
Avenged Sevenfold . Manchester Academy . 27th October or 4th November . Tickets on sale Friday . Anybody interested ? 
So , has anybody drawn Mohammed today ? 
has a Big Book full of Galaxy ! 
So now I have a phone again , but no SIM . Damn you technologies ... 
has just realised I've been subconciously playing with my nipple ... 
" It can't be a bad decision , it resulted in carrot cake ! " 
has just seen a competition to win an iPad . A 
competition that can only be entered from an iPhone ... 
Well my name is Freddy Kreuger 

I've got the elm street blues 
I've got a hand like a knife rack 
And I die in every film ! 
I have a pretty flower in my hair . :D 
Should I bother with sleep just to do that little bit better in Physics ? 
Holy Mother of Fuck ! " Azrael " in Dogma is Earl Hickey ... 
Shine On You Crazy Diamond . ??? 
There is a fine line between Eccentricity and Madness . 
I built a house there . 
George Carlin as a Catholic Priest ... gotta love " Dogma " . 
If you're ever in doubt , throw a pepper in the air . If it fails to come down , you have gone mad , so don't trust in anything . 
Well , it's officially Summer Time . I've just heard Alice Cooper's " School's out for Summer " on TV . :D 
Sarah Stainton , Daniella Silver , James Berry , it appears you three have been involved in Gang-Frape tonight . 
John Preston , your Toaster is a whale . 
Some people say " If you can't beat them , join them " . I say " If you can't 
beat them , beat them " , because they will be expecting you to join them , 
so you will have the element of surprise . 
MuaHaHa ! Even camping in Wales cannot defeat my need for internets ... 
Money can't buy Happiness . It can , however , buy many material possesions to entertain , and that's as close to true happiness as anyone really cares about . 
Type your name - Reuben 
Type it with your nose - reuhej 
Type it with your elbow - derdejhunm bde , 
Type it with your toe - reuben 
Type it with your tongue - reuben 
Copy this onto your status and see how well you do :-) ! 
Okay . I need some Plan to see Toy Story 3 . Anybody interested , or already have some plans I can join ? 
2 B or nt 2 B ? Tht b wut i aks 
Well , this is annoying . Thanks to Wales I am effectively Blind . 
Avenged Sevenfold . Manchester Academy . 27th 
October or 4th November . Anybody interested ? 
Family Guy + Office Space = Win . 
A testament to how bored I am : There are 16777216 possible colours in the standard RGB colour scheme . Didn't look that up . Worked it out ... 
Well , to anyone enrolling at Runshaw in the next few days , remember to look your best . 
The photo they take of you when you enrol , will stick with you for 2 years , and they'll want you to wear it around your neck . 
When YO MAMA sits around the house , she finds herself wishing she'd finished her degree instead of having kids right away , maybe started that business . 
Then maybe she'd have created something she's PROUD of . 
I am Loving the new iPod nanos ... All you need is a screen !!! 
Colourless green ideas sleep furiously . 
Maths - A . Physics - A . Music Tech - A . 
Computing - C . :D Just shows what I can do when I really don't give a shit at all . 
Okay , so what happens tomorrow ? 
What do we do when we get to college ? 
No clue at all ... 
So , so you think you can tell 
Heaven from Hell , 
Blue skies from pain . 
Can you tell a green field 
From a cold steel rail ? 
A smile from a veil ? 
Do you think you can tell ? 
Five zombies . Four bullets . Two zombies . 
" Full Speed Ahead ! " 
... 
" I said Full Speed ! " 
" It's a blimp , Sir . " 
Just bought my Third pair of headphones this year ! £105 ... 
I take what life offers , which is why I carry a spoon ( in the hope that it offers something delicious and spoon-sized ) . 
Please , put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2011 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying ... 93% won't copy and paste this . They have already been eaten by dragons . 
R.I.P. Benoit Mandelbrot . 
This concludes my geekiness for the day . 
You can't put your finger there ... OOH ! PUT YOUR FINGER THERE ! 
That's right , my pretty . Rip the iPod ... 
I shall either wish you a Merry Fucking Christmas , or a Merry Christmas Fucking . 
Your choice . 
Every Base is Base 10 ! 
Every time I hear Randy Rhoads play a solo , I almost cream my pants . 
Its ; chrismtas day so i : m drunks . 
" The next time you decide to stab me in the back , have the guts to do it to my face " 
Love it . :D 
I love all you numbers out there ! Apart from pi , you irrational dick . 
" Cake or Death ? " Since the cake is a lie , this becomes " Lie or Death ? " 
This could describe The Spanish Inquisition . 
Bet you weren't expecting that ... 
" A million dollars isn't cool , you know what's cool ? " " A billio- " " Circles . " 
" Three blokes walk into a pub . One of them is a little bit stupid , and the whole scene unfolds with a tedious inevitability . " 
