I made a purty gingerbread house at Lynette Hull's today ! :3 
-needs a better sleep schedule- Is it bad to sleep from 6-12 midnight and then do my homework ? O.o 
I finally got one of these . Technology fails . I hope y'all quit bugging me now . :') 
Veronica : So ... You're randomly stripping ? Sandra : NO ! I'm taking off one shirt per hour ! Veronica : So it's calculated stripping ? Mr. Pennel : -stares at Veronica as he walks by- XD 
" Baby don't worry , you are my only . You won't be lonely . Even if the sky is falling down ... " 
Best compliment I ever got : " You're basically the perfect person . And I guess people just can't handle that . " :] 
STRESS ! :( Go to PPI Safe Halloween tomorrow , it'll rock !!! 
So ... I'm supposed to pluck off a petal , one by one , saying ' He loves me ... He loves me not' ? Screw that ! * eats the flower * o.o 
* wishes Saturday never happened * 
" So , how'd he die ? " " Ingesting too many sweets . " " Ah , a common occurance the day after Halloween . " " Yup - known as candacide . " 
* insert profound statement here * 
If people are unpredictable , and you don't believe in yourself , what is there left to trust in ? 
Love is like pi - irrational . And depending upon the person you're talking to , excedingly important . 
This is going to be a loooong week ... 
I'm a rectangle ! :D 
Really hates throwing up . :( 
Don't waste your time on me you're already the voice inside my head . ? -- Blink-182 " I Miss You " 
Best part about Halloween ? Candy . For some odd reason , my dad just got 11 bags ... 
First batch of cookies done . 12 more to go by the 22nd . Number of cookies produced per batch : about 60 . You don't have to be in pre-calc to do that math . :3 
Life is like a bag of flour ... you can make some good cookies out of it ! But sometimes , you open the bag , and it's full of little ants , and you're like " D**n ! Why didn't I splurge for the stuff from Dierberg's instead of Aldi's ? " But you're just lucky you bought two bags last time , and the other one wasn't infected by the little vermin , so you can go ahead and make those good cookies , and ... Wait , where was I ? O.o 
Hates life . And just ate an entire frozen pizza . 
I don't like how early it gets dark now . Cuts majorly into my walking time . :/ 
Wishes she could read people's minds . Life would be so much easier . 
Had an awesome date with my Buggy ! :D Now offs to bed ! 
Don't you just LOVE yelling and fighting ? I wish I had my licence ... And too dark for a walk . :/ 
So this has been a lovely f-ing day ! Woke up late after only 3 hours of sleep , had a migraine since noon-ish , and Dapples decided she should take a bite out of Dixie's head , and my arm suffered the consequences . 
' And I envy everyone who's ever hugged him ; for just that moment , they held my entire world in their arms . ' 
Hehe . : c ) 
To like someone and to tolerate someone are two completely different things . Sometimes I wonder of everyone's feelings toward me ... 
Had an awesome time at her party . And really hopes everyone else did too ! -tackles Ally and Savvy for the gift- :) 
Reeeally wishes people would quit asking me if I'm dating him ! * repeatedly pokes relationship status * It says " single " ! I'll let you know if that changes ! 
Wow , I think I've read the first book I've ever really disliked . Stupid Primeau and The Great Gatsby . Can't wait until Christmas break - only about 1/4 of our 10,000 lights up so far . :) 
Only three days left until the new year ! :o 
I got a new violin ! W00T ! :D 
I think someone has murdered me and dropped me into hell . 
Taylor Swift's ' Love Story ' could never happen for two reasons : 1 , girls can't take off their glasses and magically be gorgeous . And 2 , guys are idiots and will never realize what's right in front of them . 
Just when I needed you most , you went and turned your face . Enough to change my knowledge of the entire human race . 
Two things I seem to be really good at : Sleeping at random intervals , and running into random inanimate objects . O.o 
Sometimes , I don't want people to ask me " What's wrong ? " . Sometimes , I don't want people's help and advice on how to fix things . Sometimes , I just want someone to hold me , not say anything , and never let me go . 
gray & white . :) 
Sometimes I wish it was all a dream , that I could wake up and just be 5 years old again . Ahh , that would be nice indeed . 
Happy corporate-endorsed excuse to sell candy and loved-themed merchandising of a chubby , misplaced toddler with dangerous weapons and horrible aim day ! 
" In the middle of the night when I'm in this dream , it's like a million little stars spelling out your name . You gotta c'mon , c'mon , say that we'll be together . C'mon , c'mon ... little taste of heaven . " 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . :) 
" I brought down the sky for you , but all you did was shrug . You gave my emptiness a name ... " 
I watched the sunrise Monday morning . I was late to zero hour , but I didn't give a crap because it was so beautiful . It was a great start to what I hoped would be a great week . But then it slowly started to decline ... 
" Fully alive . More then most ready to smile , and live life fully alive . Now she knows how to believe in futures . " 
Life is like a box of chocolates : no matter what you do , you always magically end up picking the stupid icky coconut one first . 
Was finally warm enough out to walk again ! Need to get back into it , though - legs didn't like me after 8 miles when I'm used to 10-12 . And it was still cold enough I needed shoes . :) 
Stupid pharynx ! Stop getting strep !! I won't be at school tomorrow either . :/ ? " Put a wall around your heart , but also include a door . " -- me 
I ? my friends . G'night! 
" True beauty ... seeps into you . It doesn't make you forget yourself , but totally the opposite . It connects you with everything and fills you with awe that you share the same space with something that glorious . Like a sunrise or a clear blue day . And then suddenly you have this epiphany that there's more to the world than just you and what you want , or even who you are . " 
' You ran away - now all my friends are gone . Maybe we've outgrown all the things that we once loved . Run away ... but what are we running from ? A show of hands from those in this Audience of One . Where have they gone ? ' 
' And when you find everything you looked for , I hope your life leads you back to my front door . Oh , but if it don't , stay beautiful . ' 
You , of you , keep pushing and pulling me down , to you . But I don't know what I want ... 
You never stop loving someone . Instead , the wrenching pain in your heart becomes part of your everyday life . You build up tolerance to it like you would a drug . It's both a gradual and instantaneous process , because then one day , you wake up and realize you're ready to give your heart away again , this time to the right person . 
thinks Rachel Harrison is right ... I'm really a little old lady at heart . I like to bake and sew and make sure everyone is happy . :) 
Someone should help me decide which cake to make : Cookie cake with m n ' m's , rich praline turtle cake , or easy peanut butter chocolate-chip cake . 
Would quite enjoy hopping onto the back of a motorcycle with a guy . But that doesn't mean I enjoy listening to my 40-year-old neighbor revving his motorcycle engine ALL . THE . FREAKIN ' . TIME . >.< 
Hey . So . Thank you for all the birthday wishes . :) And my locker number is C-5280 . If you would like AN APPETIZING AND ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE CUPCAKE , you should stop by before school between 7:15 and the second warning bell . Okay ? Okay . Goodnight . :) 
Look in the mirror : can't stand what you see ? 
Now you know first-hand what it's like to be me . 
But still I smile - twice - and say " YOU ARE GREAT ! " 
Maybe one day I'll believe it instead of feeling this hate . 
Had a good day with Savannah Mourton ! I got two mice ! ^_^ 
is confused . 
" You don't deserve a point of view if the only thing you see is you . " 
" Breathe for love tomorrow , ' cause there's no hope for today . Breathe for love tomorrow , ' cause maybe theres another way . " 
" Something always brings me back to you ; it never takes too long . No matter what I say or do , I still feel you here , ' til the moment I'm gone . You hold me without touch ; you keep me without chains . I never wanted anything so much , than to drown in your love , and not feel your rain . " 
Went prom dress shopping today . Got a beautiful dress and matching shawl ... at Goodwill for $4.50 total . BAM . Win . 
" But seldom do these words ring true when I'm constantly failing you , like walls that we just can't break through until we disappear . " 
" I've been tossed around plenty of times , and I've read between all the lines . You're just another in the grand design , and I'm used to bad news . " 
" When you forget me ... when you don’t remember my name . Not even a memory somewhere in the back of your brain . I won’t be offended , ‘cause I always knew that the day would come when I’m not enough to make you stay . " 
FML MY LONG MESSAGE ABOUT JACKING AMANDA'S FACEBOOK FOR THE FIRST TIME JUST EVAPORATED I'MMA KILL YOU PANDA BASTARDS . >:( 

-- Love Erin 
" Great minds discuss ideas ; Average minds discuss events ; Small minds discuss people . " -- Eleanor Roosevelt 
^ Proof my IQ goes down depending upon whom I'm talking to . Does that make me " two-brained " ? 
I wish I could disappear ; to simply s i n k into the walls , the floor ... anything that would accept me . Because you never will . 
" In the space between yes and no , there's a lifetime . It's the difference between the path you walk and the one you leave behind ; it's the gap between who you thought you could be , and who you really are ; its the legroom for the lies you'll tell yourself in the future . " -- Jodi Picoult 
So what do you think : yes or no ? 
" There is only one true happiness : to love and be loved . " 
Made a miraculous discovery today . You can cook eggs ... In the MICROWAVE ! I feel a bout of lazy egg sammiches coming on . 
has a feeling she will be alone forever , unless she gives up on the idea that the guy should make the first move ... 
" An obvious disinterest ; a barely managed smile . A deep nod in agreement ; a status quo exile . I shirk my obligations and miss all your deadlines . I excel at quitting early , and f**king up my life . " 
" A person's mind is like a port-a-john . It's dark and nasty , right ? But sometimes nature calls and you gotta go in there . First , take a minute to stand inside it - even if there's a line . Close your eyes and breathe in the stink , and pretty soon you won't notice it anymore . When you step outside , the open air will be a brand-new thing , and you'll want to hug all those impatient people in line . " 
Best quote ever . 
Highlight of the day : lending Ariel Nicole Pierce my pencil and receiving a severed baby arm in return . With a rubber band that was accidentaly shot at Mr. Primeau . 
" So wake me when it's through ; I don't want to feel the things that you do . Don't worry , I'll be fine . I just don't want this dream , wake me up inside " 
" Started as a flicker , meant to be a flame . Skin has gotten thicker , but it burns the same . Still a baby in a cradle , got to take my first fall ; baby's getting next to nowhere with a back against the wall . 
You meant to make me happy , make me sad . I want to make it better , better so bad ; but save your resolutions for your never new year . There is only one solution I can see here ... " 
" So get on your way making someone else feel low then higher than they ever thought they could go . You already know I'm giving you up ; you're letting me down . Stop pretending that you're gonna turn yourself around . You already know . " 
" I'm somewhere between happy , and total f**king wreck . Feet sometimes on solid ground , and sometimes at the edge . To spend your waking moments simply killing time is to give up on your hopes and dreams ; to give up on your life . " 
" Don't laugh at me ! " -me 
" I laugh at you in my head sometimes . " - my mom 
Days like today are what ice cream and naps are made for . 
" I'm walking down this road alone and it figures all I'm thinking ' bout is you , is you , my love . My head is in a cloud of rain and the world - it seems so far away . I'm just waiting for the droplets , the droplets . " 
Women don't belong in the kitchen . But I do enjoy being there . :) Blueberry muffin ? 
" ... for everyone who needs someone , there is someone there to need . " 
What I got for Easter : A bunch of chocolate , a cute little stuffed lamb , an arm cast , and a mental breakdown . YAY EASTER ! :D 
Is quite tired of people's negativity about school . While you might hate 99% of the people there , I like and will greatly miss the same proportion . 
I wish I could go back in time , take out a pen , efface . We were both just fine before I ever saw your face . 
So prom ... yeah , it was alright . Unlike the GLITTER THAT'S NOW APPEARED EVERYWHERE ! -.- And while most people changed their profile picture to one from the dance ... I have one of me and my brother when I was 9 . Winning . 
Hey ! Everyone should pick up a copy of Stall Stories outside any of the bathrooms at school tomorrow ! The publication reflects the work of the Creative Writing Club and was assembled and edited by yours truly . :) 
Made a miraculous discovery today : I never get mad . And I mean -never- . In situations where I should be mad , I just end up sad or indifferent . Hmm . 
And everytime someone says I'm wrong , I think , ' that's what you told the crazy mother f**ker who said the world wasn't flat . ' 
Maybe I'm not supposed to be happy ? Everytime I am , everyone else I know gets down . Sad days ! I'd rather be unhappy if I can make everyone else smile . :) 
Hey , if you're planning on walking to little ceasers and then my house tomorrow , meet outside and we'll leave at 10:45 . If it's raining , don't bother . :) 
Things I need to quit doing : 1 ) proctrastinating , 2 ) getting sick , 3 ) eating enough for a small army on holidays , and 4 ) trusting people . 
' If I could see the future and how this plays out ... I'm sure it's better then where we are now . ' 
" I'm no one special just another wide-eyed girl who's desperately in love with you ... " 
" There's nothing here in this heart I can follow . There's nothing here in this soul left to save . " 
Why can't people be open with each other ? Why do we have to whisper behind each other's backs instead of telling the person when you have a problem ? Why can't we just tell someone when we like them ? It would save so much time if they just said ' no ' or ' yes ' instead of laughing at us or changing relationships . But no . We will always be a people who thrive on drama . 
I tried so hard to be everyone's best friend , when all I really needed was to be myself . 
" Yeah , it's plain to see . That , baby , you're beautiful , and there's nothing wrong with you . It's me - I'm a freak . But thanks for lovin ' me , ' cause you're doing it perfectly . There might have been a time when I would let you slip away . I wouldn't even try , but I think you could save my life . " 
" And then I crashed into you , and I went up in flames . Coulda been the death of me , but then you breathed your breath in me . Then I crashed into you , like a runaway train . You will consume me , but I can't walk away . " -Daughtry 
Apparently , my dad can prevent dogs from peeing in his sleep . Isn't that awesome ? I wish I could do that . I love Savannah Frances Linsley Mourton , Grace Scrivner , my new friend Savana Elaine Lee Oshia , and the ghost in my basement . :) 
'' All problems are caused by lack of communication . '' -- me 
" It's obvious that you're dying , dying . Just living proof that the camera's lying . So oh , oh , open wide . This is your night , so smile ... ' Cause you'll go out in style . " -Paramore , Fences 
" We don't truly believe in rheumatism and love until after the first attack . " 
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach 
Which is better : SLU or Truman ? I need a back-up school . Please discuss . ^^ 
I wish I could use words indefinately better then I do . Nothing comes out right . All I tend to do is feel . 
Dear 3 AM : We really have to stop meeting like this . I'd much rather be sleeping with you . That way , I can feel better when I get up at 5 for school . But alas , you don't feel the same way . Such is the story of my life . Let me know if you change your mind . Love , Amanda . 
So , the weather man just said " We are getting HAMMERED ... wetness all over . " I wouldn't have even noticed ... until he himself laughed . o.o 
Life's too short . 
" I leave my window open , ' cause I'm too tired at night to call your name . Just know I'm right here hopin ' that you'll come in with the rain . " 
One could not pay me enough to relive this torture so innocently named " adolescence . " 
" I smoke cotton ! " - Emminence Edwards :) 
is becoming increasingly tired of people . 
I hope everyone enjoys their prom festivities tonight . DON'T DO SOMETHING STUPID ! And while you all have fun , I'm going to sit here in my sickness ... and be sick . :( 
So my brother has shaved his head . * whispers * Dumbo ... 
Two hours until I go see the doctor . It's 67 degrees in the house and I'm still burning up ! :( 
Mental breakdowns are fun ! You should try it sometime ! 
'' They say that ' home is where your heart is , ' but what a shame , ' cause everyone's heart doesn't beat the same . We're beating out of time . '' 
Just watched Lion King for the first time in about 6 years . It was cute . :) Feel really sick though . :( 
Leaving tomorrow to spend a few days in Potosi with my family . Hopefully the weather will be nice and my dad/brother won't be douches . Be back Thursday . 
" I don't want to fall to pieces , I just want to sit and stare at you . I don't want to talk about it , and I don't want a conversation . I just want to cry in front of you . I don't want to talk about it , ' cause I'm in love with you . " -- Avril Lavigne , Fall to Pieces ? 
Random fact for today : It's reeeally hard to put together a puzzle when you're crying . :D 
My three-sick-day movie marathon has ended . Brother Bear , Stardust , Forrest Gump , Mulan II , X-Men Origins : Wolverine , Mean Girls , Hitch , Sky High , Spirited Away , and 40-year-old Virgin . I still can't hear out of my right ear and I'm taking a medicine called " Magic Mouthwash . " Hmm . But I'll be back tomorrow ( hopefully ) . 
No matter what I do , 
I'll never be good enough for you . 
Strung too thin . 
Rasputin day = success . Has summer finally started ? Thank you Alexandra Winzen Savannah Frances Linsley Mourton Jessica Miklich Erin Hyde ... All I ever really needed was someone to see me . :) 
'' What'cha doin ' there , boy ? '' '' I'm happy , pop!'' '' What'cha doin ' with your feet ? '' '' They're happy , too!'' 
Dancing in the rain . Or more like running around like idiots . I suggest everyone try it . :) 
" If God is a DJ , life is a dance floor . Love is the rhythm , you are the music . " 
Kumquat + Banana = Quanana Bumquat ! Kiwi + Kumquat = Kumwi Kiwat ! Ana Heidenreich Veronica Cruts 
So what do polygamists put as their relationship status on facebook ? XD 
I love Mandy-Moo lots ! ^^ 
" Because thats what people do - they leap . And hope to God they can fly ! Because otherwise , we just drop like a rock , wondering the whole way down " Why in the hell did I jump ? " But here I am , falling . And there's only one person that makes me feel like I can fly ... That's you . " -- Hitch 
Why does it seem like everyone is paired up in this city ? :/ 
Was unaware it was possible to dislike yourself this much . o.o 
Huh ... No hot water in the house . I'm too tired and sick to brave the cold shower tonight ... Let's see if my dad can fix the pilot light tomorrow . 
" Basala goolu momala feichy . " Wow my family ... :D 
Can't sleep ... What's new ? I wish my freaking brain would shut off for one minute . 
" You don't know about my past and I don't have a future figured out . Maybe this has gone too fast , and maybe it's not meant to last ... But what do you say to taking chances ? What do you say to jumping off the edge ? Never knowing if there's solid ground below or hand to hold or hell to pay ... What do you say ? " 
Well ... I was quite unaware 10-year-olds had the intelligence to properly use a cell phone ... o , o 
Hey , if anyone would like to , I would love to recieve some feedback on my poems . They're in the '' notes '' section of my profile . :] 
And now my dad shaved off the rest of his hair too . What's next , my mom ? O.o 
" That's when she said ' I don't hate you , boy , I just want to save you while there's still someting left to save . ' That's when he told her ' I love you , girl , but I'm not the answer to the question that you still have . ' Woah , woah . " 
Stupid Charter . Internet and home phone aren't working . :/ 
Panda Watch . The mood is tense ; I have been on some serious , serious reports , but nothing quite like this . I , uh ... Ching ... King is inside right now . I tried to get an interview with him , but they said " no , you can't do that he's a live bear , he will literally rip your face off . " Hey , you're making me look stupid . Get out here , Panda Jerk ! 
I love summer storms . They add needed beauty to rather dull days , and they're the perfect lullaby . 
Only three days into summer ... And I'm bored . :( Things better pick up soon ! 
I am the eggman ... They are the eggmen ... I am the Walrus . KOO KOO K'CHOO! 
" Outside of a dog , a book is man's best friend . Inside of a dog , it's too dark to read . " -Groucho Marx 
I wish I wasn't so afraid . 
I have been kicked off the computer for the rest of the night , for my brother has rediscovered his passion for Runescape and WoW . o.o 
" It's not always rainbows and butterflies ; it's compromise that moves us along . My heart is full and my door's always open , you can come anytime you want . " 
I feel like going on a walk . Someone should come walk with me . :) And I still need numbers . 
I should really watch what I wish for ... Why do I have nobody ? 
Like a piece of the puzzle that falls into place , you could tell how we felt from the look on our faces . We was spinning in circles with the moon in our eyes , no room left to move in between you and I . We forgot where we were and we lost track of time and we sang to the wind as we danced through the night ... 
I have now recieved over 1,000 e-mails from hundreds of different colleges since last summer . 
" Congratulations ! On behalf of the Admissions Committee and the faculty of Washington University , I am delighted to offer you admission to the College of Arts & Sciences Class of 2015 . Our decision reflects our respect for your academic and personal achievements and our confidence that you have much to contribute to our University . " :) 
I wish things never had to change . 
God help me ... 
Life is like man-nipples ... Basically pointless . 
Fruit salad ... Yummy , yummy . :) 
Supposed to get up to 100 degrees on Wednesday . Anyone up to coming over and swimming ? 
is more lost than ever . 
"' Cause I've seen love die way too many times , when it deserved to be alive . I've seen you cry way too many times , when you deserved to be alive . " 
" Well , an airplane's faster than a Cadillac , and a whole lot smoother than a camel's back . But I don't care how you get to me , just get to me . Parasail or first class mail , get on the back of a nightingale . Just get to me : I don't care , just get to me . " 
Has not gotten a wink of sleep ... and school starts in less than 4 hours . This is going to be a great year . :/ 
Comin ' home . :) 
If my birds don't learn to shut their beaks soon , i might have to check into vocal cord removal surgery . Or just be punished for animal cruelity ... 
" I've got a tight grip on reality , but I can't let go of what's in front of me here . I know you're leaving in the morning , when you wake up leave me with some kind of proof it's not a dream . " -Paramore ? 
Swimming today at my house at three ! BE THERE ! 
Thomas H . Eliot Scholarship recipient : $ 39,700 a year O.o 
" I'm strange , and you're strange . Don't want you to change ... " 
Sherlock Holmes ! Going on a hike . :) 
The sun rise was beyond gorgeous . I should probably go to bed now ... 
Swimming today at my house at four ! 
Anyone else love Jimmy Fallon ? " Ukelele music gets annoying when you're tryin'-a get work done . " :) 
So apparently I have a job interview ? Out of the thirteen places I applied , one I didn't apply to called me . o.o Does anyone know anything about Vector Marketing ? 
Almost done with the Wash-U app ! Is slightly disappointed they only had room for 7 extracurriculars . :/ And very frustrated . Would anyone like to write me a 1/2-page peer evaluation ? :) 
My phone drowned to death . RIP :( My SIM card is in an old phone now , though , with the same number . I just lost all contacts . So go ahead and text me , just let me know who it is . 
Happy Independence Day ! It is Sunday , which means I begin my painful quest of seven days without insulting myself in any way , shape , or form . 
On the road . 
" I'm all out of love , all out of faith . I would give anything just for a taste . But everything's here , all out of place . Losing my memory , saving my face . Saving my face . " 
I hate Wal-Mart . -.- 
Recieved another e-mail from Yale , two letters from MIT , and one from University of Chicago ! :) 
Has a slight obsession with Rise Against and Oregon Trail games . o.o 
" In my head these thoughts are deep , but most times I can't even speak . Will someone be and not pretend ? I'm off again in my world . " -Avril Lavigne 
has become so impossibly bored with life that nothing is fun anymore . 
just realized how much she is seriously going to miss people . 
* jumps around happily * I got an e-mail from Yale and a letter from Harvard and Duke !!!!! I guess it's time to actually start applying ? 
" Change is inevitable . Change is constant . " -- Benjamin Disraeli 
I miss you . 
can't stand ignorance . Especially when it's within myself . 
Drive-in movies are great ! You sit in the comfort of your own car and pay less than the price of one movie in a theater for two or three . 
" No news is good news . " -Ludovic Halevy :) 
So sick of the crap people throw my way . 
just wasted an hour recording herself ( instead of applying for scholarships ) to see what her voice sounds like . Found out I have a very high-pitched speaking voice and low-pitched singing voice , and the only song I can decently sing at all is " Holding Out For A Hero . " Now I'm wondering why Facebook is only showing me ads of pandas when I have no where on my profile mentioned liking them and getting ready to leave . 
" It's two steps forward and one step back . I make up in love for what you think I lack . You've got a vampire on your neck . Everybody knows what happens next ... " 
Is sad , because all these new high-tech computers are too good to play Oregon Trail . And my wrist hurts . Sad day . :( 
" If I were an Echidna , Knuckles would be my husband . " XD 
The two most common elements in the universe : Hydrogen and Stupidity . 
“Be what you would seem to be - or , if you'd like it put more simply : never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise . " -Lewis Carroll 
Can't sleep . Being up until 4 the night before school starts watching " The Nanny " -probably- isn't the best idea . o.o 
Had a great lunch with Alexandra Nicole Winzen . :) Things seem to be looking up ! Which prooobably means something will go wrong for someone else soon . That's how it seems to work for me . I apologize in advance . :) 
" Lose the earthquakes , keep the faults . Fill the oceans without the salt . Let every man own his own hand , can you dig it baby ? " 
Being sick ... not the greatest way to start the weekend . 
wishes she wasn't invisible . 
Spending 14 hours at school ... Not fun . Coming home and sleeping for 14 hours straight ... I can accept that . :) 
" You're as easy to read as a book . Too bad I'm illiterate . " - my mom :) 
" But I never told you what I should have said . No , I never told you . I just held it in . " 
Maybe you don't understand the meaning of 24/7 . It's not 24 minutes out of the next 7 weeks . Or maybe you just don't understand the meaning of caring . Caring for someone isn't on your own time . It's ALWAYS . 
S M T . ( no one will probably get this ) :P 
" Something is scratching its way out , something you want to forget about . No one expects you to get up , all on your own with no one around . " 
No me gusta . o , O 
" When you're drowning , you don't say ' I would be incredibly pleased if someone would have the foresight to notice me drowning and come and help me , ' you just scream . " 
" I just want to be like other people . I envy their ease , their laughter , their stories . I'm sure they've got something I haven't . I've spent ages looking in the dictionary for a word that means casualness [ and ] confidence . A word I can put in a notebook in capital letters like a magic spell and make me all better . " 
" Fumbling her confidence and wondering why the world has passed her by . 
Hoping that she's bent for more than arguments and failed attempts to fly . " 
Like this status and I'll tell you why I'm thankful for you . 
99% of people suck . Life is about finding the other 1% worth living for and forming everlasting bonds with them . 
" I'm standin on the rooftops , ready to fall . I think I'm at the edge now , but I could be wrong . I'm standin on the rooftops , ready to fall , fall , fall . " 
Sick of shadows and footsteps . And walking in them . 
Happy Winter Solstice ! ^^ 
So what if Pinnochio were to say , " This statement will make my nose grow " ? o.O 
Now has a laptop . So I can sit here and type this in the kitchen while I make blueberry muffins . :) 
" We've built up a world of magic , because your real life is tragic . Yeah , we've built up a world of magic ... " 
Boredom , thy name is " snow day . " 
Is it bad that I've never had a Valentine , but Valentine's Day is still one of my favorite holidays ? Oh , well . HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY ! And who got Smurf boxers from her mom ? This gal . :) 
The shallower the relationship , the stronger it holds . 
" All because of you , I believe in angels . Not the kind with wings , no , not the kind with halos ; The kind that bring you home . When home becomes a strange place , I'll follow your voice , all you have to do is shout it out . " 
" Your back-pack is a dangerous place . Don't ever put a hamster in there . " :) 
