The smile on your face lets me know that you need me .. 
There's a truth in your eyes saying you'll never leave me .. 
The touch of your hand says you'll catch me wherever i fall .. 
You say it best .. When you say nothing at all .. 
love is like a pair of socks : you gotta have two and they've gotta match . 
S4 Results r out !! 
feeling bored n lazy .. 
Go to Google maps , bring up directions from Washington D.C. to Japan and look at instruction number 48 . 
' My Immortal ' - Evanescence 
This song beautifully portrays how i'm feeling tonight .. 
gonna listen to my favourite songs all night .. :) 
Sometimes your nearness takes 
my breath away ; and all the things I 
want to say can find no voice . Then , 
in silence , I can only hope my eyes 
will speak my heart . 
nothing's on my mind . 
I dont Blv in having bst frnds . V Never Get bak even an ounce of the sincerity n lov v show thm .. 
i hate today :( 
i love Donuts ! :-P 
went out to colg front to take one photocopy .. jeez , the roads r stil crowded .. ppl taking town the boards n stuff they put up for election .. 
Why does mineral water that has 
" trickled through mountains for centuries " 
have a " Use By " date ? ;-) 
Just noticed that the ' lol ' symbol looks like a drowning guy , and all u see is his head and arms sticking out of the water . I bet he's not laughing out loud ! 
Wats wid all the football fever ? Dad's got it too ! : -@ 
What's in a name ? A rose , by any other name , would smell as sweet . 
- William Shakespeare 
good morning , everybody ! It's 2 am in my watch and i'm going to sleep now .. :) ciao 
I miss being a kid . My only responsibilities were running around and laughing a lot . And someone else was in charge of my hair . 
loves the cars in the movie Death Race .. * drools * 
has lab exams starting next week .. :'( 
One day I want to be " Let's Just Take My Helicopter " rich .. :D 
is signing off . 
Facebook needs to add a maybe button for friend requests , some people deserve to wait for a decision to be made . 
back to studies .. 
is missing her li'l bro .. 
Lots of people want to ride with you 
in the limo , but what you want is 
someone who will take the bus with 
you when the limo breaks down . 
Loving people is hard work .. 
And with all different kinds of love around us , it sometimes gets scary ... 
But if we grab hold of each other in everything we go through , then there's nothing more beautiful in the world .. 
Accept that some days you're the pigeon and 
some days you're the statue .. 
My love is a decision , not an emotion or feeling 
That if i made from the heart , will outlast anything . 
FM lab exam thenju .. :'( 
' 50 First Dates ' ---> one of my top ten favourite movies of all time .. 
All my little plans and schemes .. 
Lost like some forgotten dreams .. 
Seems that all I really was doing .. 
Was waiting for you .. 
life is too good to be true .. :-) 
i hate this whether-we-have-exam-tomoro confusion which is exclusive for our CET b4 every series ! 
can't wait to get back to colg .. Missing it already .. 
Can miles truly separate you from friends ... If you want to be with someone you love , aren't you already there ? 
' Everything ' - Lifehouse 
back to colg ! Yay ! :D 
I Learn from the mistakes of others who have taken my advice :P 
Each day I love you more .. 
Today more than yesterday 
and less than tomorrow ... : -* 
certified both records atlast .. :-D now the only thing to look forward to is the Ice Age 3 movie this weekend on tv ! :-P Yay ! 
I love Cello Gripper pen .. :) 
Cellphones can be very irritating . 
Have to buy a card now and then . 
Have to recharge the battery . 
Msgs get delayed . 
but there's one thing i love about it .... 
It connects me to you . :) 
how fast time flies .. wish i could pause and rewind ... 
To walk within the lines , would make my life so boring .. 
I want to know that i have been to the extreme .. 
Wasted the whole study hols . Am gonna b SO screwed tomoro . 
under the watchful eyes of all the teachers in civil engg dept , the lines separating life n hell can get quite blurred ! 
you would never miss your friends when you are with someone you really love .. 
is it really possible to get a really special friend over the internet ? We present the very best side of our nature here . Something which is quite far from what we are in our real lives .. 
I don't need a friend who changes 
when I change and who nods when I 
nod ; my shadow does that much 
better . 
P . S . I Love You ... I simply Adore this movie ... 
exhausted .. Slept for 4hrs yesterday + a cold to top it all off : -@ 
' Gotta Be Somebody ' -- Nickelback 
watched Ice Age 3 .. very nice :-) but i loved the first movie most .. but i totally loved those baby T-rexs !! 
Got Diwali sweets when sis reached here today morning .. :-) 
I would rather be poor in a cottage full of books than a king without the desire to read .. 
why can't any of my friends just get it into their thick head how much i love them ?? and yes , i suck at selecting good friends , but believe me , with my last loser best friend i have learnt my lesson ! No more best friends ! 
I want to live with all my memories , even if they're sad memories . I believe that if i stay strong , someday i'll overcome the pain , and then i'll be glad that i have those memories . I believe that there are no memories that are okay to forget . 
had one hell of a day .. two assignments + two records :-s 
is bored , bored and bored ... 
is fed up of fb . The only true friends are those we make in real life . Then what's the point in mindlessly playing a charade just because that's the way to stay ' kool' ? we post , comment and like . How many of those truly come from the heart ? 
yuck . damn climate . 
exam's been postponed . Confirmed by HOD . 
Never ask why I love you , 
just accept 
that I do , 
and that I will for the rest 
of my life .. 
friday's not a holiday for colleges :( so our exam wont be postponed ! 
There are things I can't force . 
I must adjust . 
There are times when the greatest change needed is a change of my viewpoint . 
i love MTV Tickr ! :) 
ate a lot of sweets today .. < burrp ! > :-P 
only very few can succeed in keeping a balance b/w friends and love . Usually one comes at the cost of the other . Unless you have some really really understanding friends :) 
To Sneha , thank you for being such a friend .. :) 
i love my college ... :-) 
I wish i had a brother .. 
loves the cars in the movie Death Race * drools * 
i love Hide-n-Seek biscuits ! :-P 
exams tomoro .. Freaked out ! 
my mind is blank :-| 
exams .. :( notes photostat eduthu mudinju .. :( 
If my heart was a compass , 
then you'd be my North .. 
College Council decision : if Government declares friday a holiday , S5 Series Exam scheduled on friday will be postponed to 19th Tuesday . 
Life is 10 percent what you make it 
and 90 percent how you take it . 
is head over heels in love .. :) 
I love Maggi noodles :p 
just read that burglars use Facebook 
to see when people aren't home . So 
from now on , I'm at home . With a 
rifle . And a hungry crocodile 
What is love ? Those who don't like it , call it Responsibility .. 
Those who play with it , call it a Game .. 
Those who don't have it , call it a Dream .. 
Those who understand it , call it Destiny .. 
And Me , i call it You .. 
My car sounds like a Helicopter now ! :'( Silencer problem .. I dunno how mom can still drive around in that thing ! And how i can go to college every morning in the same :( The alternative is to walk to college , which i was too lazy to consider till now , one which i am seriously considering now ! 
Heartbreak Warfare -- JOHN MAYER 
I like using big words to sound smart : utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence :P 
Summer Of ' 69 -- Bryan adams 
love it ! \m/ 
atlast , peace ... :-) 
I still find each day too short 
for all the thoughts I want to think , 
all the walks I want to take , 
all the books I want to read , 
and all the friends I want to see .. 
Some people just won't understand what real friendship is even if it's been right in front of their faces for a long time .. They just consider people who give them momentary happiness as their close buddies , and leave out those who silently and really cared about them , in the dust .. With bitter memories etched in their hearts .. 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their handicap is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and loved . Can I make a ... request : is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for atleast an hour ? It is a Special Education Week . 
When you realize you want to spend 
the rest of your life with somebody , 
you want the rest of your life to start 
as soon as possible .. :-) 
P . S . I Love You 
happy diwali to all my friends .. :-) :-) 
Friendship is a pretty full-time occupation if you really are friendly with somebody . 
You can't have too many friends because then you're 
just not really friends . 
is missing someone .. :( 
To my friends , 
thank u for making my life a beautiful one .. i can never love u all enough .. 
Writing . Like . This . Doesnt . Make . Your . Point . Any . Stronger . It Makes . It . Look . Like . Your . Computer . Has . Asthma . 
has got some inside knowledge about Apple's next product : 

I cannot afford it :P 
Facebook is a lot like a fridge . 
When you're bored you keep opening and closing it every couple of minutes to see if there's anything good , but 
nothing ever changes . 
Screwed up big time .. 
wishing all my friends a very happy Christmas ... :) :) :) 
I don't pretend to know what 
love is for everyone , but I can 
tell you what it is for me ; love is 
knowing all about someone , and 
still wanting to be with them 
more than any other person , 
love is 
feeling comfortable and safe 
with someone , but still getting 
weak knees when they walk into 
a room and smile at you .. 
When something bad happens , you have three choices : 
you can either let it destroy you , 
do something about it 
or not give a damn . 
I usually don't care what people around Me 
are saying until they start 
whispering .. :P 
Everyone comes into your life for a reason : some for good , some for bad . They shape us , they form us : some may break us , but in the end they make us who we are . 
I don't have time to hate people who 
hate me , cause I'm too busy loving 
people who love me .. 
Just when I had 
given up , you walked into my life . You 
gave me the strength to face 
tomorrow even though I was afraid of 
the unknown . You gave me love and 
gave me a dream to believe in .... You . 
? 
When the Police officer says , " Anything you say will be taken down and used as evidence against you ! " Your answer should always be , " Please don't hit me again officer ! " ;) 
I can't even take a picture these days 
without someone yelling at me " You 
better not put that on Facebook ! " 
Don't you hate it when you miss 
a call by the last ring , but when 
you immediately call back , it 
rings nine times and goes to 
voicemail ? What did the person 
do after I didn’t answer ? Drop 
the phone and run away ?? 
We all have a thousand 
wishes ... to be thinner .. to have 
more money .. a cool car .. a day 
off .. a new phone .. to date the 
person of your dreams . A cancer 
patient only has one wish : to beat 
this disease . In honor of someone 
who died , or is fighting cancer , or 
even had cancer ... post this for at 
least one hour . 
I love how in scary movies how the person yells out " hello " 
as if the killer is gonna say " yeah I'm in the kitchen , want a sandwhich ?? " 
If you don't go after it , you'll never have it . 
If you don't ask , the answer is always no . 
If you dont step forward , you'll always be in the same place .. 
Thanks to Facebook , I now know 
what everyone's bathroom looks like :-/ 
Men , if the Royal wedding has taught 
you one thing : 
Going bald doesn't 
matter as long as you own a Palace . 
Dear FB Friends/Family : You can't find out who saw your profile . You won't see what you'll look like in the future . There are no free IPads . And you can't see the video of Osama's death ... Not on Facebook . Please 
stop clicking the spam links and exposing yourself and friends to virus risks ! 
