Colts rocked it last night ! Holla 
Something I heard today stuck in my head , Don't ask for permission ask for forgiveness . 
It's the weekend !! Let's get ready for football ! Yea baby !!! Oh yeah Vols could you stop sucking ? 
Begining to think people take McDonalds breakfast way to serious ! My car has been hit 2 times in 6 months and I'm just trying to get a biscut just like they are geez !!! 
At the end of the day the only person you have to live with is yourself . Quotes to live by 
Yay , it's starting to look like Christmas in my house ! My cats love it ! Oh-No ....... lol 
Who will win tonite Payton or Eli ? We shall see ! I love my Colts ! 
Looking forward to a football weekend ! 
Dang It Vols !! You got to play the same in the second half too !! Come on . 
If you get a chance , take it . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody says it will be easy . They just promise it will be worth it ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
My in-laws are in , yay ! They're treating us to a condo on the beach with an awesome view ! Wow , so sweet of them !! Love it ! 
It was great to see my family ! It has been too long ! I promise to keep in touch ! Remember that I Love you ! I made it home safely ! 
I never look back to see where I've been , because where I'm going is more important ! 
Can always count on American Idol for a good laugh .... 
Love me without fear , trust me without wondering , love me without restrictions , want me without demand , and take me for who I am 
Love my Colts !! Sorry Arleen ! 
Happy Birthday to my son Matthew ! OMG he's 17 ...... 
Don't sweat the petty stuff , and most definitely don't pet the sweaty stuff !! : .. 
Hey Virginia .. wake up ! I'm on my way !! Can't wait to see my family !! 
Never let failure get to your heart , and never let succes get to your head . Quotes to live by ...... 
Wow , I just love the way you train your body to get up for work ! And , even on your days off , you still wake up !! Love it !!! Not !!! 
Happiness is something that comes into our lives through doors we don't even remember leaving open . Rose Lane 
It sucks being a " CANCER " . I hate my moody self ! 
Who made up the stupid celebration penalty rule ! Find another job loser !! 
I want my own reality show ........ 
FB remembers birthdays , my phone remembers numbers and dates , my dvr remembers my favorite shows . No wonder I can't remember anything ! 
I just wanna say to Payton Manning , " come on man " ! 
Thanks to all my friends for your special thoughts and prayers ! 
Love the people who treat you right ! Forgive the ones who don't! Life is too short !!! 
How sure are we that there is no such thing as a stupid question ? If you work at an animal shelter and someone walks up to you and asks " Do you have any animals in need of a good home ? " Hmmm 
How Richlands are you ?? -- My Result : You been parking at the King Kone for years !!. http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/124933/referrals/status?aid=100001560292864 
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do . Freya Stark 
Never say you can't do something . Remember , experts built the Titanic , but an amateur built Noah's Ark !!! 
Hey Mel and Dorothy love you guys !!! 
Happy Halloween ! 
When everything seems like an up-hill struggle , just think of the view from the top ! 
I wish heaven had a phone so I could talk to you again . I thought of you today , but that's nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence . I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Re-post if you have someone in heaven you miss . I Miss You MOMMY ! 
I can be changed by what happens to me . But I refuse to be reduced by it . Maya Angelou 
It does'nt matter where we plant our roots just as long as our branches reach toward the sun ....... Ruth Williams 
Don't grow up , its a trap !!! 
Everyone has a crazy side , I just show mine more than normal . lol 
Is so mad right now I should'nt speak !!!!! 
The more I learn about people the more I love my my job ! 
They may forget what you said but they will never forget how you made them feel . Carl W . Buechner 
You can't control what happens in life !! But , you can control what you learn from it !!! 
Learn to live in the moment ......... 
Love is stronger than hate ! Family is for life ! xoxo 
Life is about learning what's worth fighting for , and realizing when strength is more than muscle . 
You never know how strong you are , until it's all you have . 
There are some things we may never understand !! 
Taking one step at a time , great things can happen ! 
...... it's all about taking chances !! 
OKAY ! It's official , I'm tired of being a grown up !! 
I'm stuck with eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich cuz I'm a bad friend ... 
If you don't like my honesty , then don't make me use it !!! 
I really believe karma is no joke , especially for the ones that play the victim when they deserve everything that comes their way . So glad I have grown up !!! 
You cannot force someone to show you respect , but you can refuse to be disrespected !! 
OMG ....... enuff of Charlie Sheen already .. aka " Carlos Estevez " .... shewwwww 
Today's Special : a generous portion of attitude , smothered in a quick temper , with a side of sarcasm .... lol 
Dear People in line behind me at the grocery store , Taking steps toward me won't make the line move any faster . So , BACK UP , and get out of my space !!!!!! 
Who loves Betty White ? HOLLA 
Letting go does'nt mean giving up ..... it means moving on ~ 
Sorry Vol fans ! We did play better this week ! See ya next year Gators ! 
OK if there is 10 fish , and 5 drown , but 3 come back , how many would there be ... stop counting fish don't drown ! :) lol 
Ready for Football Weekend !!! 
Let's win today Vols . Beat those Gators !!!!! 
Just wondering ..... If toast lands with butter side down and cats always land on their feet , what would happen if you buttered the back of a cat and dropped it ? Lol 
Let's Go Vols !!!!!!!!! 
DANG !!! Football gets my blood pumpin'!! 
I have bite marks on my tongue from all the things I should've said but did'nt!!! 
~ Happiness is the ultimate revenge ~ 
A person who never makes a mistake is a person who does nothing ! 
A special shout out to MaKenzie , I'll keep looking for the MOXI doll house !!! 
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams . John Barrymore . 
Hey Melanie ! The next time you feature Zoom , he wants you to mention he likes to sing the blues . Lol 
Fall is my favorite season ! Still waiting for that chill in the air ! But , at least I have football ! 
To all X's in the world .... Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned !! hahahaha 
Did you know female spiders eat the males after mating ?? SMART creatures ... lol =^.^= 
Boo Hoo those pictures of Judas are really hard to look at !!! 
Bye Bye Buckeyes !!! 
What are you watching on TV tonite ? 
Don't underestimate the impossible , Life just might surprise you !! 
... Mistakes make me human . Failure makes me stronger . Love keeps me alive . But its YOU who keeps me smiling ... :) <3 
Decided to lay in the sun today by the pool . Needed to relax ! Had to remind myself it's October !!! 
I love those random memories that make you smile no matter what's going on in life <3 
The size of your next step doesn't matter as much as your direction !!! 
" If you don't have time to do something right , where will you find time to fix it ? " ~ Stephen King 
Is sleep over rated ? Wish I knew ! Ugh ........ 
To the world you may be just one person , but to one person you may be the world ! 
A VOL VICTORY !!!! Oh yea haters , that just happened !!! GO VOLS !!!!!! 
I'm lovin Steven Tyler as a judge on Idol ! 
It takes 3 things to succeed in life- a wish bone , a back bone and a funny bone ! 
Spiders ....... natures little way of reminding us we can all scream like a little girl ... haha 
Life is not always as it seems , neither are people !!! 
Miss you more sunshine ! 
I would love to meet Chef Gordon Ramsey ! 
I believe our finger prints never fade from the lives we touch ..... " Remember Me " . 
Your future happiness may very well depend on your ability to leave your past behind ! 
You haven't failed until you quit trying . 
Everyone is capable of brightening a room ; some by entering , some by leaving ... 
Loving the cold weather ....... my favorite time of the year !!!! 
Tired of being sick !!!........... 
Yes I'm wrong , in all the right ways ! Thanks Pink ......... 
YAY FOOTBALL WEEKEND !!!!!!!!! 
When life gives you lemons , cut them in half and squirt life in the eye !!! 
Every survival kit should include a sense of humor !!! 
I'm an Un-Apologetic AMERICAN ! I pledge allegiance , to the flag of the United States of AMERICA ! And to the Republic , for which it stands , One nation under GOD , indivisible with Liberty and Justice for ALL . I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It's . A shame we no longer do , for fear of offending someone . Let's see how many Americans will re-post this and not care about offending someone . GOD BLESS 
Life is too short , so kiss slowly , laugh insanely , love truly and forgive quickly ............. Unknown 
I've had a freakin ear ache for 2 days !!! And I'm sick of it !!! 
Life is short . Pick your battles wisely . Some are'nt worth fighting !!! 
Your past is NOT who you are , it's who you WERE ! 
Hope everyone has a blessed Merry Christmas !!! 
All that you say , all that you do will become someones memories .... make all memories of you good ones !!! 
You can't keep a good man down !!! I love you Peyton and the Colts !!! 
Dear Facebook , PLEASE make a slap button ! 
I believe the longest and hardest road you will ever take , is the one that leads you back to where you should be in life . 
Find a man who says your beautiful instead of hot , stays awake to watch you sleep , who kisses you on the forehead , who turns to his friends and says " This is her " . I love my hubby ! 
Don't live by what you can accomplish , live by what you can overcome ....... 
Therapy is too expensive ! Popping bubble wrap is free ! 
I can't believe South Carolina is going to beat Florida at the Swamp !!!!!! sorry hubby 
They say nothing in life is impossible -- well you try nailing jelly to a tree ! Lol 
Boohoo !!! Frosty melted !!! 
Every night should close with a fresh , warm , homemade piece of chocolate cake , yummmmmmmmm ........ 
To be yourself .... is a beautiful thing !!! 
I don't have a husband I can live with ; I have a husband I can't live without ! I LOVE you hubby !!! 
Give everything , or nothing at all , be honest , or don't speak , be there or don't be seen , be faithful and trust worthy , or let go and fade away ....... 
As this day closes , the memories we made , still make me smile !! 
Love your life , cuz it's the only one you get ! 
Ringing in the New Year with strawberries and champagne .... yummy !!! 
I am who I am . Your approval is not required ! 
It's ' I Love My Sister ' week . A sister is a friend forever . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this on your status . I Love You Ann Marie and Christine !!! Thanks ...... 
Every day may not be good , but there's something good in every day !! 
Strangers think I'm quiet . My friends think I'm out-going . But , only my best friends know I'm completely insane ! : ... 
Today I may be a lump of coal , but soon I will shine like a diamond !! 
My BF is in town can't wait too see you ...... yay !!! 
Playin fetch with my cat Snoop . Man he's good ! 
Love me or hate me , both are in my favor . If you love me , I'll always be in your heart . If you hate , I'll always be in your mind .... William Shakespeare ...... 
