I'm just remebering the time I let Desiree put nail polish on my nails . I think the color was blue . Don't judge me . Good times . 
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom --- General George S . Patton 
Funny of day : A Greek priest is driving down to New York to see a show , and he's stopped for speeding . 
The state trooper smells alcohol on his breath , sees an empty wine bottle on the floor , and asks , 
" Sir , have you been drinking ? " 
The minister replies , " Just water . " 
The trooper asks , " Then , why do I smell wine ? " 
The minister looks down at the bottle and exclaims , " Good Lord , He's done it again ! " 
Funny of day : Boy : I'm not going back to school ever again . Mom : 
Why not ? Boy : 
The teacher doesn't know a thing , all she does is ask questions ! 

What did you learn in school today ? 
Not enough ; I have to go back tomorrow ! 
Mother : What did you learn in school today ? 
Son : How to write . 
Mother : What did you write ? 
Son : I don't know . They haven't taught us how to read yet ! 
Dante says : Ahhhhhh young grasshopper ! Listen to these words : When entering bug infested woods , bring bug repellant . Otherwise you have bug bites on face , arm , and leg . 
Everybody is talking about taking finals . i'm taking a summer course in college . Why ? 
Just saw Rush Hour 2 . Chris Tucker is funny ! 
Ok I am the biggest moron on the face of the earth . I cannot believe I just screwed myself like this . Oh well , I'm not dead yet . I can still get out of this , but just barely . 
Photo finish -___- 
Funny of day : George was going to bed when his wife told him that he'd left the light on in the shed . He opened the door to go turn off the light but saw there were people in the shed in the process of stealing things . He immediately phoned the police , who asked " Is someone in your house ? " and George said no and explained the situation . 
the Sixers have a record better only than the Clippers . Sigh . I still love those losers though . Those losers . 
I gotta take my sister to the doctor . She's not feeling well . If she doesn't get better , then i'm taking facebook to court ! No i'm just joking around . Right ? 
Funny of day : A Woman was out golfing one day when she hit the ball into the woods . She went into the woods to look for it and found a frog in a trap . The frog said to her , " If you release me from this trap , I'll grant you three wishes . " The woman freed the frog , and the frog said , " Thank you , but I there's a condition to your wishes . Whatever you wish for , your husband will get times ten ! " ( finish in comments ) 
I have been in a heavy poke war with my sister Desiree . I'm asking all of our mutual friends to poke her eyes out ! Muahahahahahaha . My other sisters , Denae and Dallas have been poked and I have control over both of those situations . Just get Desi ... 
My birthday is Saturday + I have 162 friends = 162 writes on my wall saying happy birthday . Can't write on the wall you say ? Well then you can pull out the cell and hmu on Saturday . Let's go ! 
I love snow baby . Turns me ... 
Very sleepy rght now . But im gonna make it . 
Dante's no t-t oo-serious-advice : When dealing with that annoying person , you may end up throwing the arms in the air . " I give up ! " " Why bother ? " " Screw this ! " I'm here to tell you that I don't do that . I just take a sip of Jesus Juice ! Now available in fruit punch . And when I say punch , I mean punch that fruity person right in the face ! Baaaaam ! 
Quote of day : I want you to be everything that's you , deep at the center of your being . --- Confucius 
Scripture of day : Daniel 3:21 -30 . NLT . The highlight of the verses for me is verse 28 : Then Nebuchadnezzar said , " Praise to the God of Shadrach Meshach , and Abednego ! He sent his angel to rescue his servants who trusted in him . They defied the king's command and were willing to die rather than serve or worship any god except their own God " . 
Funny of day : Bob was in trouble . He forgot his wedding anniversary . His wife was 
really pissed . She told him " Tomorrow morning , there better be a gift in the driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds OR ELSE !! " The next morning he got up early and left for work . When his wife wokeup , she looked out the window and sure enough there was a box gift-wrapped in the middle of the driveway . ( Finish in comments . ) 
Hey look everybody ; flat tire ! How wonderful . Hahahahaha i have a flat tire and there seems to be no help available . This is the best last day of a month ever ! ( p.s. please pray for me to get home safely , thanks ) . 
Go to the " I think Dante is cool ! " page and express yourself ! Now ! Hurry ! 
Ok . Right now , I have to give God ALL of the glory for the miracle tonight/this morning . Merciful and a great provider at the same time . SMH He never ceases to amaze me . Never . He's always doing something awesome . And it's fresh material too . No repeats from Him . I've always known he was real but , God is real and you officialy can't tell me otherwise ! 
Funny of day : A 10pm curfew was imposed in Belfast . Everybody had to be off the streets or risk being shot . However one citizen was shot at 9.45 pm . 
" Why did you do that ? " the soldier was asked by his superior officer . " I know where he lives , " he replied , " and he wouldn't have made it . " 
The " funny of day " is back this week baby ! Tell you schoolmates ! Your co-workers ! Your Grandma ! The random guy walking down the street ! Your worst enemy ! Even the mentally challanged ! Your pastor ! Yo momma ! President Obama ! Your favorite stuffed animal . Tell them all !!!!!!! 
Funny of day : A fellow comes to visit a friend . He'd never seen a train or train tracts . While standing in the middle of the railroad tracks one day , he hears this whistle but doesn't know what it is . Predictably , he's hit and is thrown to the side of the tracks . It was only a glancing blow , so he was fortunate to receive some minor internal injuries , a few broken bones , and some bruises . ( finish in comments ) 
And so i'm back . The reason why I left was because I had to study for three tests all to be done on Monday . Yeah . Some weekend . But after reading and writing note with quite a few paper cuts and screaming at my schoolbooks , I think i'm ready for them all . BRING ON THE TESTS !!!!!! 
Um ... I kinda decided to make my own " web page " for my Sixers . Something to work on during my week off from you people ( facebook ) . It is the year of writing ( at least that's what I think God told me ) so it's time to expand my work . So ... yeah . I'm with WordPress now but I do plan on branching out to my own domain once I get some money ... soooo ok . 
10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 
Scripture of day : I have been crucified with Christ ; it is no longer I who live , but Christ lives in me ; and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God , who loved me and gave Himself for me . Galatians 2 : 20(NKJV ) 
Funny of day : Yo mama's so fat , when she works at the movie theater , she works as the screen . Yo mama's so stupid , she put lipstick on her forehead because she wanted to makeup her mind . Yo mama's so ugly , she makes blind children cry . 
Scripture of day : Proverbs 20:24 NLT " The Lord directs our steps so why try to understand everything along the way ? " This reminds me of something I saw a few days ago . There was this little girl trying to cross the street . Her mom had to keep tugging the girl and pull her back . I was smh but then God spoke to me and said ... ( finish in comments ) 
Funny of day :( simplified)A pastor told his congregation that the church needed some extra money and asked if they could give extra . Whoever gave the most could pick out three hymns . The pastor glanced down and noticed that someone had placed a 
$ 1,000 bill in offering . He asked who put it there . A woman raised her hand . When the pastor told her to pick out the three hymns , she said , " I'll take him and him and him ! " 
I-was-bored-so-I-looked-for-a-joke , joke : A guy is sitting at home when he hears a knock at the door . He opens the door and sees a snail on the porch . He picks up the snail and throws it as far as he can . Three years later , there’s a knock on the door . He opens it and sees the same snail . The snail says " What the heck was that all about ? " 
Funny of day : A man hasn't been feling well , so he goes to his doctor for a complete checkup . Afterward the doctor comes out with the results . " I'm afraid I have some very bad news , " the doctor says . " You're dying , and you don't have much time left . " " Oh , that's terrible ! " says the man . " How long have I got ? " " Ten , " the doctor says sadly . 
" Ten ? " the man asks . " Ten what ? Months ? Weeks ? What ?! " 
" Nine ... " 
Quote of the week : 
" Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up " - Jesse Jackson 
Funny of day : One Sunday a pastor told his congregation that the church needed some extra money and asked the people to prayerfully consider giving a little extra in the offering plate . He said that whoever gave the most would be able to pick out three hymns . 
After the offering plates were passed , the pastor glanced down and noticed that someone had placed a 
$ 1,000 bill in offering . ( rest of it in comments ) 
Ahhh back to school . Each of my teacher's gives me a reason to laugh at them . I'm ready for the long study nights , crazy homework assignments , and meeting people that complain about every little thing the professor does . ( not to mention the group projects ) LET'S GET READYYYY TO RUMBLLLLLLLEEEEEEEE !!!!! 
Scripture of the week : 
Luke 10:25 You must love the Lord your God with all your heart , all your soul , all your strengh , and all your mind . And love your neighbor as yourself . 
Dont you wish your teacher was nice like mine ? Dont cha wish your teacher was merciful like mine ? Dont cha ? Yes my stats prof cancelled the test today because nobody was ready for that test , including me . smh . Still have one more test today and then one tomorrow . But again , dont cha wish your teacher was nice like mine ? Dont cha wish your teacher was merciful like mine ? Dont cha ? 
Based on my previous experiance , 5am-10am is my hardest time to stay awake . If I make it to p.m. I'll be fine . Bring it on 24 hours ! 
Funny of day : A little boy opened the big family Bible . Suddenly something fell out of the Bible . It was an old leaf that had been pressed in between the pages . 
" Momma , look what I found , " the boy called out . 
" What have you got there , dear ? " his mother asked . 
With astonishment in the young boy's voice , he answered : " I think it's Adam's underwear ! " ( Last funny of day for a while ) 
Hey I'm trying to be a writer of some sort . I have written one " play " already and I'm working on another right now . If anybody is interested , I can e-mail my work to ya . 
Stay focused on the goal . The goal of goals . People we must unite to give Dante Nelson $19 per person for his birthday . We must focus on our goal ! 
So im taking my test on the computer right ? Im almost done and the computer crashes ! I lost all my work along with other students and so we get to do a test over the weekend . THANK YOU BCC ! I just wanna scream . im so tired and im actually mad . i dont get mad but heres some venting for me in the form of random symbols : *$@* %#$@ ~ * = #%$ 
I'm still learning the lyrics to " Lady in Red " . I like the song but love a lady in red . MmmmmmHhhmmmm ;) 
Funny , Quote , and Scripture of day : Asked to write a composition entitled , " What I'm thankful for on Thanksgiving , " a student wrote , " I am thankful that I'm not a turkey . " 
If the only prayer you said in your whole life was , " thank you , " that would suffice . ~ Meister Eckhart . Psalm 107:1 ( NIV ) " Give thanks to the LORD , for he is good ; his love endures forever . " 
This weekend , I'm going on a date ... with the tv . Sixers play tonight and tomorrow . You can TRY to contact me while I'm watching the games but it doesn't mean you'll get a hold of me . They face the Hawks and then Pacers . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , Sixers ! 
B-Day Shoutout too : Monica , Tai , Steve , Ben , Bukky , Shirley , Tony , Gregory , Isaac , Christopher , Laurie , Ken , Jim , Dallas , Malik , Ethan , Van , Michael , Emily , and Alejandro ! 
JULY BABIES ROCK !!!!!!!!!!! 
I just found a joke but it's not appropiate enough to put as a status . I guess i would tell my grandma so it's not too bad . Like this status and I'll inbox the joke to you . 
Funny of day : Earl and Bob , both obsessed with basketball , never missed their favorite team’s games . They promised , whoever died first , and went to heaven , would come back to earth and tell the other if there was basketball in heaven . ( finish in comments ) 
Weekend Wonder : If the No . 2 pencil is so popular , why is it only No . 2 ? 
Today's halloween . Here are some tips for you trick-or-treaters . Tell every kid you know ! : Top 10 Houses to Avoid while Trick-or-Treating 
10 . Any house that seems to be imploding into a hole in the ground . 9 . Any house made of gingerbread . 8 . Any house that has ornamental lawn Hell Hounds . 7 . Any house whose only entrance is through the basement . ( finish in comments ) 
Funny of day tomorrow should be interesting . It's gonna be soooooo long . Of course , this will be the last funny of day until ... uh ... idk . 
All of my female fb friends are beutiful . I mean it . I hope you ladies know and believe that . 
Funny of day : At the movie theater there was a man laying across two seats . The usher comes down and says " Excuse me sir but you can only use one seat , I'm going to have to ask you to move . " The man just grunts . The usher says again " Sir , if you don't move I will have to call the manager . " Again the man just grunts . So the usher goes to get the manager . ( finish in comments ) 
Funny of the day : 
Why did the math teacher quit ? 
Because of all the problems . 
Ok another rehearsal is done . Oh man being a director is hard work baby . But I wouldnt have it any other way . We still need people to show up . King Harod was nearly a woman . Yup . A woman . King Harod the lesbian . God help us all . I think it will work out in the end . Another practice tonight at 6 . Let's do it baby ! 
Funny of day : A Policeman pulled a car over and told the driver that he was going 50 in a 40 mph zone . 
" I was only going 40 ! " says driver . 
" Not according to my radar , " says officer . 
" Yes , I was ! " man shouts back . 
" No you weren't! " says officer , getting annoyed . With that , the man's wife leaned toward the window and said , 
" Officer , I should warn you not to argue with my husband when he's been drinking . " 
Oh really !? Every single time I start applying for a job , the computar claims that it cant load up pages . Im already pissed off that I dont have a job and now I cant even look for one ? Ha ! Im not going down without a fight , got it ? I'm going to get a job ! Im so pissed I may just explode but Im no quitter . Newspapers , friends , tv , going to the place to apply . Many ways to get the job done . So fustrating though . OMG !!! 
Like wth man ? It takes a gift to lose the way the Sixers lost tonight . You have to lose with your heart and soul . They just lose . I don't believe it . they just freakin lost this game . Turnover after turnover . WTF !!!!???? I'm like just amazed . Only the Sixers can do it . They have the gift of losing . They really do . SMH what a game . They play tomorrow so we'll see how they do . I'm still a huge fan but WTH ? 
Funny of day : A wealthy couple had planned to go out for the evening . The woman of the house decided to give their butler the rest of the night off since they would be home very late , and that he should just enjoy his evening . But the wife wasn't having a good time at the party , so she came home early , but her husband had to stay with the others since several of his important clients were there . ( finish in comments ) 
Foodbank . 
2 versions of joke . Which is better ? #1 : Three young boys were arguing over whose daddy was the greatest . One said , " My dad is the greatest because he is the president of the town bank . " The second boy said , " That is pretty good , but my daddy owns two grocery stores in town ! " The third boy said , " That's nothing , my dad is a preacher , and he owns hell . Last night he told my mom that the Church Board gave it to him ! " 
We can talk about Lebron , Hebron , and Flabron . But at the end of the day it's 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 4 ... 5 ... 6ers ! 
Funny of day : Q : Why don't black people play hockey ? A : Because there's a bunch of white guys skating around with 
mask on , chasing a black hockey puck with sticks . 
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder . The 
bartender asks , " Hey , where did you get that from ? " The parrot replies , " There's thousands of ' em in Africa . " 
Funny of day : An old lady goes to the doctor and says , " Doctor I have this problem with gas , but it really doesn't bother me too much . They never smell and are always silent . As a matter of fact I've farted 20 times since I've been here in your office . You didn't know I was farting because they didn't smell and are silent " . The doctor says " Ok take these pills and come back to see me next week . " ( finish in comments ) 
Three signs you're drunk : 
Your doctor finds traces of blood in your alchohol stream . 
Your career won't progress beyond Senator from Massachusetts . 
The back of your head keeps getting hit by the toilet seat . 
I cant seem to keep my excitement any longer . I , of course , was in the back handling the lights and cast so I can only give the behind the scenes look . I have to say , I handled the whole night very well but I couldn't have gotten it done without my team . Mike , and Josh , thanks for the hard work with the lights . Spectacular job with the communication . My God I have so much more to say . 
And the Sick Saga continues . I got Desi her stupid crackers as well as ginger ale and soup . I got enough to last maybe two days . Sigh . One thing I found is that I am crazy now . Ive been crazy since 1991 . I stared at cans of soup while in the store and proceeded to look around for the soup because I somehow did not see the soup in front of me . Great ! I guess 2 hours of sleep isnt the best thing huh ? 
Whew ! Just finished writing on a few of my cousin's walls : 
" Cousin to cousin we'll always be , 
Special friends from the same family tree . " 
Still not tired . I spent my night ( morning ? ) finishing my " play " . Now I need something else to do ... 
This week's " funny of day " should be cool . Stay tuned ... 
Thanks to Michaela , my streak of getting a new friend every week since joining Facebook stays alive . It won't last forever but I think it's pretty cool . Oooooooh yeah ! 
Funny of day : Ways to be annoying in the computer lab ! 1 . Log on , wait a sec , then get a frightened look on your face and scream " Oh my God ! They've found me ! " and bolt . 2 . Laugh uncontrollably for about 3 minutes & then suddenly stop and look suspiciously at everyone who looks at you . ( finish in comments ) 
Weekend Wonder part 1 : What would happen if , for Christmas this year , I gave half my staff iPads and the other half switchblades . Hmmm ... 
I'm going to write three words , five times per word , on a sheet of paper . I'm going to tear up the paper so that each peice has one word on it and put them in a hat/bag . Every day , I'm going to draw a piece out and that will be my status . The words are : Joke , Scripture , and Quote . Now you'll never know what to expect from me ( as if you already could hahaha ) 
Funny of day : A doctor answers his phone and hears the familiar voice of a 
colleague on the other end of the line . " We need a fourth for poker , " said the friend . " I'll be right over , " whispered the doctor . As he was putting on his coat , his wife asked , " Is it serious ? " " Oh yes , quite serious , " said the doctor gravely . " In fact , 
there are three doctors there already ! " 
Hey so here's the update : I tried to drive home aaaaand my car said no so im stranded at BCC . Called my daddy and he said he could come by by 3:30 . So i'll just wait . Study a bit and isten to some 95.7 BenFM and i'll be ok . 
Oh great now im worried about Desi . She better feel better soon . Why did i have to be such a good big brother ? Yes im bragging about it . Im one of the best brothers in the world . Ha ! Denae is ok but she's developed a cough that i dont like . Im nervous about that too . O.o 
Funny of day : 
Why did the M&M go to school ? 
Because he really wanted to be a Smartie ! 
Funny of day : Ways to die ! #1 Accidentally stabbing yourself in the eye with a spork . Twice . #2 Of starvation , alone on an island -- after everyone else has been voted off it . #3 Struck by a piccolo during a band-camp brawl . #4 " See , these are not wild tigers ; they're just wittle kittens who wuv to be kissed on their wittle white noses ! " ( Finish in comments ) 
Omg are you kidding me ? We finish unloading the plane and we're standing there . It wasnt raining . And one second later , boom ! the rain is coming down like a tropical storm . I kid you not . One second no rain , THE VERY NEXT SECOND , pouring rain . Smh . Life at UPS rocks ! 
Yep . Three more signs you're drunk : 
You sincerely believe alchohol is the elusive 5th food group . 
24 hours in a day , 24 beers in a case - coincidence ? I think not ! 
Two hands and just one mouth .. - now THAT'S a drinking problem ! 
He kept me warm at night 
As I held him close and tight . 
I knew him since I was three 
Today , I know it was meant to be 
For you opinion , I don't care 
It's just me and my teddy bear ! <3 
Crazy day . Tomorrow : School , job hunt , and FoodBank . 
A funny of day : YOU KNOW YOU'RE A HAUNTAHOLIC WHEN ... you're pestered all year by kids who want to know what the theme for THIS year is . you find yourself thinking that one corpse is more attractive than another . you get more excited over a fog machine than a dirty movie . you have more help at your haunt than necessary for an old-fashioned barn raising . you have more than ten sound effect CD's . ( finish in comments ) 
I'm on FB for one reason . 
And that is to make you laugh . 
I hope these jokes are pleasin 
Cause I find them on your behalf . 
I havent been watching Steve Wilkos alot this semester but the past week ive been watching again . I shouldnt have stoped . I would recommend the Steve Wilkos Show to a lot of people but i dont even think a lot of you fb friends could handle it . He's a guy who steps up against the pedophiles (?) , muderers , cheaters , and other types of people . Go Steve ! 
You know you're a die hard fan when your team blows a 17 point lead then make some of the dumbest plays offensively and defensively to end up in overtime and then lose by 2 and you still love them . Either that or ive been inhaling too much jet fuel fumes at work ... 
If you're scared of the dark , but your skin is dark , does that mean you are scared of yourself ? Hmmm ... 
Ladies : If you're going to Abundant Life tomorrow , wear red . I have a present for you . If i see you in red you'll get my present . I love a lady in red . ( must be my friend on fb to qualify ) 
I'm the Tableaux light director for my church's Cantata . I went to a meeting for directors tonight and I'm pretty excited . This role fits my personality perfectly . People have told me I should act but I don't want to act . I'm more of a behind the scenes type guy . Just like last year when I was in charge of the props for the play . I'm not going to spoil anything about the cantata so you'll just have to see it yourself 
This might extend into comments cause I have alot to say . First of all , rehearsal tonight went great just GREAT ! It was only for the lighting , stage crew , and sound people . We have our timing down pat baby . Oh yeah ! Tomorrow is the issue because we have to incorporate the actors in our system . Any of you actors here on fb , if you have a script , make sure you study it to know when you're on . ( finish in comments ) 
Funny of day : A guy is driving and rolls through the stop sign . From out of nowhere , a cop car pulls him over . COP : Do you know why I pulled you over ? GUY : Hey , I slowed down , didn't I ??? COP : You must come to a full stop at the sign . GUY : Stop . Slow down . What's the difference ? The cop pulls out his baton and starts to pound the man without mercy . COP : Well ? Do you want me to STOP or SLOW DOWN ? 
Joke of day : A little boy and his father are looking for bait to use for fishing : 
Boy : Look at what I found ! 
Dad : No buddy , that's not an earthworm . 
Boy : Really ? What planet is it from ? 
Yo yo yo i'm bout to start my ( maybe ) last week of work at UPS . No matter what happens , i will be leaving my signature mark . My goal is always to make you laugh . Time to split some sides ;) 
Where are pencils made ? 
Pencil-vania ! 
saw Due Date . Halarious ! OMG go see it . 
Funny of day : What to do next time you're in Wal-Mart ! Take shopping carts for the express purpose of filling them and stranding them at strategic locations . Challenge other customers to duels with tubes of gift wrap . Re-dress the mannequins as you see fit . Walk up to an employee and tell him in an official tone , " I think we've got a Code 3 in Housewares , " and see what happens . ( Finish in comments ) 
I'm not trying to be a poet . 
I'm just insane for rhyming . 
But I just have to admit 
That the words are coming without me trying . 
Quote : 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Scripture : 
Psalms 119:115 
Get out of my life you evil-minded people , for I intend to obey the commands of my God 
Weekend Wonder : Why do we fix dinner ? Is it broken ? 
It don't make any difference to me 
What the world thinks about us baby 
Cause in my heart I will always believe 
That we were meant for each other , 
Love ain't got no color , 
It don't make any difference to me . 
I put " Boy " in as my middle name . It is my nickname . Now who else is Dante Boy Nelson !? Bring on the Dantes ! I'll take ' em all ! Bwahahahahaaaa ! 
Weekend Wonder : Whose cruel idea was it for the word " lisp " to have an " s " in it ? After eating , do amphibians have to wait one hour before getting out of the water ? Why are there 5 sylables in the word " monosylabic " ? 
Hadassah , my godsister , is over . She's only four years old but she's got the attitude of a 24 year old . Just like Desiree . Now i got three sisters in this house . Godbrother is out of state so im the only guy ( as usual ) . 
Funny of Day : I was mowing the lawn and there were alot of bugs flying around . After cussing out the so called bug repellant , my throat soon realized that bugs are better tasting than imagined . I couldve been on fear factor ! 
One Halloween a trick-or-treater came to my door dressed as ' Rocky ' in boxing gloves and satin shorts . Soon after I gave him some goodies , he returned for more . 
" Aren't you the same ' Rocky ' who left my doorstep a few minutes ago ? " I asked . 
" Yes , " he replied , " but now I'm the sequel . I'll be back three more times tonight too . " 
Been working with kid for about 7 years now , mostly on a volunteer basis . Ive been working closly with 4&5 year olds for about three years . These kids are smarter than you think . They talk about what they hear at home people . Like REALLY talk about what happens at home . They're not dumb ok ? They are more mature than actual adults . My oh my kids are the best . XD 
So I get to work and my supervisor tells me and a couple other new hires that we're gonna be laid off on the 24th of this month . Darn . Then he explains that we're just laid off for that night . Huh ? Just tell me I have the night off instead of telling us we're " laid off " and giving us all a heart attack . Sheeeeesh ! 
I have to say that i'm related to some fine lookin ' people . Both sides of my fam are beautiful . With all of that combined beauty you get me : A gorgeous lookin ' young man ! Mmm-hmmm 
Hi 
Here's a thinking game for you all : What kind of candy do you resemble ? 
Think about it ... 
Funny of day : 
Pastor : " You need to join the Army of the Lord ! " 
Me : " I'm already in the Army of the Lord , Pastor . " 
Pastor : " How come I don't " see you except at Christmas and Easter ? " 
I whisper back , " I'm in the secret service . " 
Scripture of day : 2 Samuel 7:18 -29 NLT . The passage is pretty much David's way of giving thanks to God . Sometimes we forget why we're able to wake up today or how we survive the day . We forget to say thanks for the food and clothes . We need to thank God more often . I know I need to . 
So I'm sitting around thinking about how ima pay for school and buy books for next semester ( yeah I plan early ) and guess what comes in the mail today ? It's just a check for $1800 . ;) I'm telling ya baby , God looks out for his kids ! 
Funny of the day : A woman walks into a pet store : 
Lady : Oh I love this bird ! How much is he ? 
Employee : $40 
Lady : Well can you send me the bill ? 
Employee : Sorry lady , but you have to take the whole bird . 
I gave it a shot but I don't stay friends with pictures of me for long . 
Bonus funny of day : Mr. Jones gets a call from the hospital . They tell him his wife's been in a terrible car accident . He rushes to the hospital , runs in to the ER and says his wife's been in an accident . They tell him Dr. Smith is handling the case and they page the doctor . Doc comes out to the waiting room to see a terribly upset Mr. Jones . ( finish in comments ) 
I just searched my name ( i was bored ) . I now realize that there are more " Dante Nelson " s out there than I thought . I'm not as special as I thought . :( 
What animal comes after beagle ? 
Seagull ! 
Kid : Would you punish someone for something they didn't do ? 
Teacher : Of course not . 
Kid : Good , because I didn't do my homework . 
That’s it folks . To prove to myself that I’m not addicted to FaceBook , I will go a whole week without logging on . So , on Sunday February 6th at 12am , I’m done with fb . Saturday February 12 11:59 pm my “fast” will end and I will return . My number and email are listed in my profile so if you really need to contact me , use those measures . Thank you . 
Uuugh looks like my play wont be able to start being filmed until sometime next year . Still need a location for it . I'm changing the play a bit to adjust the location to open up more options . I gotta keep the cast interested but in case I lose some of them , would anybody be willing to be a part of my play ? It can be cast , crew , or whatever . 
Weekend Wonder : I wonder why we put suits in garment bags , but put garments in suitcases ... 
Funny of Day : 
Joe : Why are you crying ? 
Jim : My dog's lost . 
Joe : I can help put up " missing dog " posters if you want . 
Jim : No that won't help . 
Joe : Why not ? 
Jim : My dog can't read ! 
You're joking right ? You want me to give up my identity for you ? I will laugh in your face . I'm not a follower , I'm a leader . Jesus told me I would face hardships for what I believe in so I know I can ask for His help to stand strong . Personally , I don't have too many friends . I might be able to count with my fingers the amount of friends I have . But I'm at peace because I have my identity . Wbu ? 
Ok so ive been in Managerial accounting and my teacher has this accent ok ? He messes up so words and stuff like that . One of the words is " example " . But instead of saying " example " he says " examble " hahaha toooooo funny . I love that guy ! ( no homo ) 
Quote : It is one of the most beautiful compensations of this life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself . Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Scripture : Proverbs 22:9 Blessed are those who are generous , because they feed the poor . 
Funny of the day : A doctor is talking to his patient : 
Doctor : I have some bad news and some worse news . 
Patient : What's the bad news ? 
Doctor : You have 24 hours to live . 
Patient : Well ... what is the worse news ? 
Doctor : I've been trying to get a hold of you all day . 
Ok so now that im 19 i need to do something crazy . Out of this world type thing . Something i never would think of doing . CLEAN MY ROOM ! 
Lakers Celtics who cares ? It's all about 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6ers ! Go Sixers ! Philly in the hizzy ! Yeah 76ers . We don't need Lakers or Celtics . Forget them both . WHOOOOO-HOOOOOOOO !!! 
Funny of day : A woman responds to a knock on her door to find a young man standing apologetically before her . He says , " I just ran over your cat and I would like to replace it . " The woman says , " Well , you can start by getting the mouse in the pantry . 
Boyz In The Sink is the greatest veggetable singing group of all time . Believe it baby ! Belly Button is their greatest hit ! Love iiiiiiiiiiiiit !!!! 
Why should golfers bring an extra pair of socks ? 
In case they get a hole in one ! 
Look , blood is thicker than water . Yeah we all have that family member(s ) that we would like to run over with spiked tires . But for me , at the end of the day , I'm willing to die for just about all of them . Except for maybe ... ( insert annoying family member(s ) here ) . 
It's funny . Dallas sends me stuff from Cafe ' World and Jasmine sends me stuff from Frontierville . Is that a coincidence that the posts are alternated between the two ? Or are they scheming to take over my wall and plotting my ultimate destruction ? I mean , Jasmine has a couple posts . Then Dallas puts up something . Back and forth . It's awesome . Good job ladies . 
Quote of day : The family . We were a strange little band of characters trudging through life sharing diseases and toothpaste , coveting one another's desserts , hiding shampoo , borrowing money , locking each other out of our rooms , inflicting pain and kissing to heal it in the same instant , loving , laughing , defending , and trying to figure out the common thread that bound us all together . ~ Erma Bombeck 
Let's see the other Dantes copy this picture ! Dante is in the house ! 
So i'm doing medical jokes this week . And let's try something : If you like at least 3 of my funnies , i'll put a funny of the day on your wall next week ! ( it will be on my wall as well so that non-mutual friends can still read it . ) Ive gone back at my previous jokes and my top 3 likers are Monica , Tyeima , and Brittany . 
This weekend should be a blast . 
Time to let go of the past 
The slate must be clean 
Cause I'm almost 19 ! XD 
Ahhh just had a nice chat with a family member . I'm feeling good baby ! 
I saw " The Boy in Striped Pajamas " Very interesting movie . Ironic and very sad on many levels . It was good though . Sigh ... 
A mother mouse and her baby are walking along when a cat attacts them . The mother shouts " BARK ! " and the cat runs away . " See ? " the mother says to her baby . " Now do you see why it's important to learn a foreign language ? 
Ahhhh ... Richard Pryor is funny . Very funny . You really can't tell me otherwise . 
How is it that today is 7/11 and I didn't even see a 7Eleven today ? I want a slurpee ! 
I'll dance and dance 
Like i'm in a trance 
I'll dance in midst of trouble 
Cause I'm safe in my bubble ! 
Funny of day : A guy named Joe finds himself in dire trouble . His business has gone bust and he's in serious financial trouble . He's so desperate that he decides to ask God for help . 
He begins to pray ... " God , please help me . 
I've lost my business and if I don't get some money , I'm going to lose my house as well . 
Please let me win the lotto . " Lotto night comes and somebody else wins it . ( Finish in comments ) 
Weekend Wonder : Did God give us shins just so we can find things in the dark ? 
Weekend Wonder : If cows laughed , would milk come out of their noses ? If so , we could have milk fresh from the nose instead of the utter place ! 
Teacher : Ted , if your father has $10 , and you ask for $6 , how many dollars would he have left ? 
Ted : Ten . 
Teacher : You don't know your math . 
Ted : Yeah , well you don't know my father . 
I am ............ The Laughinator ! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ( inhale ) Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ! 
Weekend Wonder : How can you have a well-rounded diet with three square meals a day ? 
So I was at the dentist . The dentist was flossing my teeth . I'm able look , w/o turning my head , at the nurse . The nurse is handing him peices of floss for when he needs it . Don't you know I can see , while my teeth are being flossed , and while she is giving the dentist the floss , the nurse is flossing her teeth as well ! Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat !? 
This week of funnies are for the foolish Halloween celebraters ! Yes ! ( I'm dressing up as a princess ) ;) Can anybody say trick or treat or restraining order ? 
Just got home from work . 12am- 8:45 am in non stop rain . Aaaaah life at UPS is special . 
Weekend Wonders : So what's the speed of dark ? What hair color do they put on the driver's licenses of bald men ? Should women put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans ? Why do they put pictures of criminals up in the Post Office ? 
What are we supposed to do ; write to these men ? If a man says something in the woods and there are no women there , is he still wrong ? Isn't Disney World a people trap operated by a mouse ? 
Funny of day : St. Peter stood at the Pearly Gates , waiting for the incoming . He saw Jesus walking by and caught his attention . " Jesus , could you mind the gate while I go do an errand ? " 
" Sure , " replied Jesus . So Jesus waited at the gates while 
St. Peter went off on his errand . The first person to approach 
the gates was a wrinkled old man . ( finish in comments ) 
True Story : I'm at school . I go to open the bathroom and omg a dude ( my classmate ) is brushing his teeth inside the bathroom ! What !? As if that wasn't awkward enough , he proceeds to start a conversation with me about a homework assingment ! Huh !? Sorry sir I came to pee , not talk to your foamy mouth . People , wake up ! 
Mom : There were two pieces of chocolate cake in the kitchen . Now there's only one . Can you explain that ? 
Me : I guess I didnt see the other piece ! 
I was at the eye doctor today . While waiting in the waiting room ( duh ) , a woman sat next to me . She somehow falls asleep . O.O What was even more weird was she started talking in her sleep ! And the first time she did , I responded ! Needless to say i was extremely embarrassed by the situation I got myself into . Yeah ... 
An old man is talking to his neighbor : 
Old man : " I just bought this new hearing aid . It cost me $4000 , but it's state of the art . It's perfect ! " 
Neighbor : " Really ? What kind is it ? " 
Old man : 12:30 p.m. 
Wednesday Word : “Woman was taken out of man ; not out of his head to top him , nor out of his feet to be trampled underfoot ; but out of his side to be equal to him , under his arm to be protected , and near his heart to be loved” 
Friend : Hey you sleep ? 
Me : Not anymore . 
Friend : Cool so what's up ? 
Me : Trying to go back to sleep . 
Friend : Oh ... sorry . 
Me : Yeah . 
At William's Eagle Scout court of honor . I knew he could do it . Congrats !!! When i get home i can start on my play starring some of my fb friends ! Oh boy . 
If you expect the unexpected , won't the unexpected become expected ? 
Do you wish to rise ? Begin by descending . You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds ? Lay first the foundation of humility --- St. Augustine 
Hmmm I have not put any Funny/Quote/Scriptures up this week . 
Funny of day : You're too old for trick or treating when ... 10 . You get winded from knocking on the door . 9 . You have to have another kid chew the candy for you . 8 . You ask for high fiber candy only . 7 . When someone drops a candy bar in your bag , you lose your balance and fall over . 6 . People say , " Great Keith Richards mask ! " and you're not wearing a mask . ( finish in comments ) 
I know that somewhere in the Universe exists my perfect soulmate -- but looking for her is much more difficult than just staying at home and ordering another pizza . 
Funny of day : A man shows up late for work . 
Boss : You should've been here at 8:30 ! 
Man : What happened at 8:30 ? 
Excellent game by the Sixers baby . Took it right to the end . Like i said , they are a very good team . their record is very mis-leading . Great game but that's like the 4th time theyve lost a the buzzer . It hurts . 
The funnies this week have been lame . I just looked back at them and was disgusted ! I thought I was gonna cry . I should read these jokes for punishment . This isn't good at all . Not . At . All . I'm going to have to put up funnies this weekend too . Smh . 
A book never written : " Bad Hair Days " by Dan Druff 
To be honest , Ive had an upset stomach since yesterday afternoon . I thought it would be better by now but no . But i'm gonna finish what I started . 
Wednesday Word : The true meaning of Christmas is right here ...... For God so loved the world that he gave his only son that whoever believed in him would not perish , but have everlasting life . --- Jesus . All of the other things at Christmas like being together and giving or whatever is nice and all , but that's not Christmas . Jesus being born to save us all is the reason . Nuff said ! 
Funny of day : A woman got on a bus with her baby . The bus driver said , " That's the ugliest baby I've ever seen . " Upset , the woman gave her fare and took a seat . A man next to her asked her what was wrong . " The bus driver insulted me , " she fumed . The man said , " He shouldn't say things to insult passengers . She said , " Yeah ! I think I'll give him a piece of my mind . " " Good idea , " the man said . " Here , I'll hold your monkey . " 
Only about 10 hours of sleep in the past 72 hours and i should be tired but school semester is almost over so im freakin excited ! Today , two classes end . Monday , one of my other classes should end . not sure about the last one though . Point is , I just can't wait for CHRISTMAS BREAK BABY ! 
Funny of day : Don't have any treats ? Here are some tricks for Halloween . 1 . Give away something other than candy . ( Toothpicks , golf balls , bags of sand , etc . ) 
2 . Wait behind the door until some people come . When they get near the door , jump out , wearing a costume , and holding a bag , and yell , " Trick or Treat ! " Look at them , scratch your head , and act confused . ( finish in comments ) 
Funny of day : There were three fathers to be in a hospital waiting room , waiting for their babies to be born . The first nurse comes out and tells the first father , " Congratulations you're the father of twins ! " He says , “Wow ! I'm the manager for the Minnesota Twins " ( finish in comments ) 
The past week of funny of days were made up by me . I want to pick a theme of jokes for this week but I don't know what ... 
Funny of day : A preacher trained his horse to go when he said , " Praise the Lord , " and to stop when he said , " Amen " . The horse started going toward the edge of the cliff . The preacher got excited and said , " Whoa ! " . Then he remembered and said , " Amen " , so the horse stopped at the edge . The preacher was so relieved that he looked up to heaven and said , " Praise the Lord ! " 
Proud father : My boy has been plating ball since he was 8 months old . 
Coach : Really ? He must be awfully tired ! 
Last day at UPS . Supervisor said he put a word for them to keep me . The only reason i would stay is because after three months of work , you get a automatic raise in salary . Yeah . They lay you off right before the raise so they don't lose money . Let's see what happens . I dont really care what happens though . 
Why isn't gambling allowed in Africa ? Because of all the cheetahs . 
There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest . He sent in ten different puns , in the hope that at least one of the puns would win . Unfortunately , no pun in ten did . 
Hope is lost for now 
Wish we could last 
I sometimes say " Ow " 
Cuz we ended way too fast . 
-Dante 
1 hour away . I can see the finish line ! Go , Dante , go ! 
Yo mama so dumb she got hit by a parked car ! Oooooooooooooohhh Dante you a mess ! 
I look at my watch and can tell 
That I don't do sleep well . 
Maybe I should take some sleep pills 
Before the sun comes over the hills . 
Monday Movies , Wednesday Words , Friday Funnies , and Weekend Wonders . It's about to be on . 
going home early . super pumped . time to be the best bum i can be since school is over now . mmmmhhmmm ! 
Story : A new Pastor in a small Oklahoma town spent the first four days making personal visits to each of the members , inviting them to come to his first services . 
The following Sunday the church was all but empty . Accordingly , the Pastor placed a notice in the local 
newspapers , stating that , because the church was dead , it was everyone's duty to give it a decent 
Christian burial . ( rest of story in comments ) 
Hey the Sixers won today too . Yaaaaaaaaaay ! 
And all of a sudden , I miss my S.C. family . :( 
I love sarcastic people ( like me ) . 
Friends come and go 
That's whay im glad to know 
That I have a family 
To stand by me 
Funny of day : There will be a meeting of the Board immediately after the service , " announced the pastor . 
After service was over , the board gathered . 
But a visitor came as well . 
" My friend , " said the pastor , " Didn't you understand that this is a meeting of the Board ? " 
" Yes , " said the visitor , " and after today's sermon , I suppose I'm just about as bored as anyone else who 
came to this meeting . " 
My apple allergy has progressed to the point i have trouble breathing when i eat or drink apples . But apples are my favorite food . Im thirsty and there is an almost full bottle of apple juice available . I am fully prepared to die . Seriously . I will be drinking that juice tonight . God bless you if i die . 
Love , Dante . 
Funny of day : The CIA had an opening for an assassin . After all of the background checks , interviews , and testing were done there were three finalists , two men and a woman . For the final test , the CIA agents took one of the men to a large metal door and handed him a gun . ( finish in comments ) 
Yup it's 3 o'clock . 
My clock says tick-tock . 
I should just sleep 
But the things on my mind are too deep . 
I hate this feeling 
Of my thoughts stealing 
Yes my thoughts are on a quest 
To steal my much needed rest . 
Funny of day : Then there's the woman who goes to the dentist . As he leans over to begin working on her , she grabs his balls . 
The dentist says , " Madam , I believe you've got a hold of my privates . " 
The woman replies , " Yes . We're going to be careful not to hurt each other , aren't we ? " 
You know Santa hates you when : 8 . Kid's letter to north pole comes back stamped , " Dream on , Chester ! " 7 . Kid asks for new bike , gets pack of smokes 6 . Along with presents , Santa leaves hefty bill for shipping and handling . 5 . By the time he gets to your house , all he has left is foam packing . 4 . Christmas day , your kid wakes up with a Reindeer head in his bed . 
I was in my statistics class on Monday . We're taking a quiz . i finish before some guy in front of me . i watch him pull out his calculator and guess what he puts in ... 115-100 . and then he writes it down . smh we gotta stop letting the computer do the work . we gotta use our minds . 
Funny of day : Pauly came home from his first day commuting to work into the city . 
Mrs. Pauly noticed he was looking peaked and asked , “Honey , 
are you feeling ok ? ” 
“Not really , ” Pauly replied . “I’m nauseous from sitting backward 
on the train . ” 
“Poor dear , ” Mrs. Pauly said . “Why didn’t you ask the person sitting 
across from you to switch seats for a while ? ” “I couldn’t , ” replied Pauly , “there was no one there . ” 
Friend : How did you break your arm ? 
Me : See those stairs ? 
Friend : Yeah . 
Me : Well , I didn't . 
Funny of day : " I hope you didn't take it personally , Reverend , " an embarrassed woman said after a church service , " when my husband walked out during your sermon . " 
" I did find it rather disconcerting , " the preacher replied . 
" It's not a reflection on you , sir , " insisted the church goer . 
" Ralph has been walking in his sleep ever since he was a child . " 
This guy is staring at me like he's met his soulmate . Wth ? Dude i know it's valentine's day but cmon get a clue . There's a girl right next to you . Sheesh . Im in chemistry so i guess he's looking for a little " chemistry " . smh 
There are some interesting characters in my family . I love you guys ! 
Funny of day : A minister told his congregation , " Next week I plan to preach about the sin of lying . To prepare you for my sermon , I want you all to read Mark 17 . " The following Sunday , as he prepared to deliver his sermon , the minister asked for a show of hands of who had read Mark 17 . All hands went up . The minister smiled and said , " Mark has only 16 chapters . I will now proceed with my sermon on the sin of lying . " 
Shhh both of my sisters are asleep ! I have wrapped their gifts that i bought and now they are under the tree . Big brother strikes again ! Bwahahahahahahaaaaa 
12 hours into the birthday . Still havnt slept . Feeling ok but tired and weak at the same time . We'll see what happens ... 
This week's funny of day are jokes i made up myself . Hope you enjoy ! 
My profile is slowly becoming more of a laugh zone everyday . I'm actually a pretty serious person in person but here on facebook , I'm the Laughinator . Here to make you laugh all day long . It's good for the soul FYI ! 
Funny of day : Her husband had been slipping in and out for a coma for several months yet she stayed by his bedside every single day . When he came to , he motioned for her to come nearer . As she sat by him , he said , " You know what ? You have been with me all through the bad times . ( finnish in comments ) 
Good , Bad , and Ugly : 
Good : Your husband understands fashion . 
Bad : He's a cross-dresser . 
Ugly : He looks better than you . 
Funny of day : A man is strolling past the mental hospital and suddenly remembers an important meeting . Unfortunately , his watch has stopped , and he cannot tell if he is late or not . Then , he notices a patient similarly strolling about within the hospital fence . 
Calling out to the patient , the man says , " Pardon me , sir , but do you have the time ? " ( finish in comments ) 
I havent been able to get on the internet on the computer . im done with fb until probably Monday . too much to do this weekend to be distracted . Goodbye . 
Weekend Wonder : If Burger King and Dairy Queen had a kid , would that kid make ice-cream sandwiches ? 
A riddle for the day : 
Arnold Schwarzenegger has a big one . Michael J . Fox has a small one . Madonna doesn't have one . The Pope has one but doesn't use it . Clinton uses his all the time . Mickey Mouse has an unusual one . Liberace never used his on women . Jerry Seinfeld is very , very proud of his . Cher claims that she took on 3 . We never saw Lucy use Desi's . 
What is it ? ( I'll give answer @ midnight ) 
Nurse : Doctor , there's a man here to see you in the next room . 
Doctor : What's the problem ? 
Nurse : Well , he says he's invisible . 
Doctor : Tell him I can't see him right now . 
I seriously need a hug . 
Just one more week . July babies rock ! XD 
Welp school tomorrow . I don't think i'm ready . But I gotta do what I gotta do . Classes Monday-Friday . Fun . 
1 week till my mommy's birthday ! 
So I said there wouldn't be anymore funny of the day for a while but I have stumbled on some great work . This week will have the best funny of the day stuff . I guarantee it ! 
Quote : People are like stained-glass windows . They sparkle and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in , their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within --- Elizabeth Kubler Ross 
Funny of day : In heaven there were two lines . One said " Men who were bossed by their wives , " and the other one said , " Men who weren't bossed by their wives " . There was a big line for the first one , but then the man who was checking peoples name in the book of life saw one man in the other line . So he told the guys to wait . He asked the man why he went in that line . The man replied , " My wife told me to . " 
Yo mamma so dark , when she got out the car , the " check oil " light came on . 
The pain is here . 
This is truely clear . 
But you have nothing to fear 
For Help is very near ! 
( This is not the funny of day . But this was too funny to pass up ): A ten-year old , under the tutelage of her grandmother , was becoming quite knowledgeable about the Bible . Then , one day , she floored her grandmother by asking , " Which Virgin was the mother of Jesus ? The virgin Mary or the King James Virgin ? " 
Funny of day : Two NBA basketball referees were walking through the countryside and they noticed some tracks . The first said , " Deer tracks ? "" No , " replied the second , " Bear tracks . " The conversation ended abruptly when the train hit them . 
Weekend Wonders : Why do fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing ? If you can't drink and drive , why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor , and why do bars have parking lots ? How does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the mornings ? Why is it that when you transport something by car , it's called a shipment , but when you transport something by ship , it's called cargo ? 
Aha ! Made it back before 7 . Yea Boiiiiii ! Now to get some sleep for my 8 clock class . Lucky Ducky 
So far the day has been great . Thanks for the Birthday wishes so far guys . I will be commenting on each of your post at the end of the b-day . 
Funny of day : A man comes home from work and finds his wife admiring 
her breasts in the mirror . He asks , " What are you doing ? " She replies , " I went to the doctor today , and he told me I have 
the breasts of a 25 year old . " The husband retorts , " Well , what did he say about your 50 
year old ass ? " She replied , " Frankly dear , your name never came up . " 
The world will soon be mine ! Booowahahahahahahaaaaa bwahahahahahaaaaa ( coughing . take a sip of water . ) Baaaaahaaaaahahahahahahaaaaaaa ! 
! amieyT lol who knows what this is ? 
Ok people here's the deal . i have to do an accounting test tomorrow due on Thursday . i vollunteer at my church foodbank every Wednesday . should i do my test or go to foodbank ? i think i can only do 1 . 
Welp this is it . School starts Wednesday and I'm changing the funny of the day time to early morning instead of the afternoon . Start your day off right ! Every morning is aa blessing . XD 
Oh i didnt realize that it's friday the 13th . See I have a life so I didnt concern myself with that crap . 
Dante's-not-too-serious-advice: If you are to be famous you should die . " How do I die ? " you ask ? Well , it's as simple as taking a Life Boomerang Pill ! When you take a pill you experiance what it would be like to die a certain death . Different pills include : heart attack , falling off a bridge , and getting a bullet to the head . And after becoming famous , the pill brings you back . It's a win-win ! Order now ! 
Funny of day : Q . Why did the farmer win the nobel prize ? A . Because he was outstanding in his field ! Q : What do you get when you drop a piano down a mine shaft ? A : A flat minor ! 
A mushroom walks into a bar , sits down and orders a drink . 
The bartender says , " We don't serve mushrooms here . " The mushroom says , " Why ?! I'm a fun guy ! " 
It's gettin cold in here ( so cold ) So put on all your clothes ( cause I am ... in to cold . Im gonna put my clothes oon ) 
Still havnt slept all day . I'll admit Ive nearly fallen asleep but I'm not ready to quit . It's still my b-day . 
Three signs letting you know you're drunk : 
You lose arguments with inanimate objects . 
You have to hold onto the lawn to keep from falling off the earth . 
Your job is interfering with your drinking . 
( three more tomorrow ) 
I Dante Nelson will be awake for all 24 hours of my birthday . Ive done it twice before . Let's see what happens ... 
I look so young , I think I can go try trick-or-treating tonight and not have the police called on me ... 
Funny of day : Two little ladies were shopping in the mall when Joanne smiled : " My cat can really play chess ! " With a shocking expression , Angelina praised Joanne's cat : " Really ? It must be very smart ! " Just when Angelina finished her sentence , Joanne said : " Well ... Actually , I don't know about that . I usually win three out of four times . " 
Who would like to act ? You know , act ... in front of the camera ... in a movie ... I'm not entirely sure if it's going to happen but a little something i wrote is possibly being filmed and if anybody is interested in being part of the cast , let me know . You could inbox your number too . 
He tried to tell me a story 
But all I got was hot breath 
Oh it made my eyes teary 
And I felt close to death 
Like this if you wanna read 1 or both of my " plays " . I'll need your email address . 
On my way to my brother's b-day party . I have 5 girls that are considered my sisters . I love them but ive been waiting for a brother for 18 years . I finally got him last year and i'm just sooooo happy about it . I love him ! 
( not serious ) BREAKING NEWS !!! : 45-year-old Amy Brasher was arrested in San Antonio , Texas aftera mechanic reported to police that 18 packages of marijuana were packed in the engine compartment of the car which she had brought to the mechanic for an oil change . According to police , Brasher later said that she didn't realize that the mechanic 
would have to raise the hood to change the oil . 
What did Delaware ? 
She wore a brand New Jersey ! 
( yeah i'm bored ) 
I'm looking at the profile pics of my friends and I'm starting to get all of these memories of what shows I used to watch . Dexter's lab , Hey Arnold , Angry Beavers , 2 Stupid Dogs , Tom and Jerry , PowerPuff Girls and other shows of the like . Aaaah good times indeed . 
I'm going to visit my Boy Scout troop 86 today . Today's funnies of day are dedicated to them . 
Jordan Dreads Murray , I know how you feel . O.M.G. these men want to be my friend . Not only is the dude retarded looking , but his whole page is in a different language . WTH ? Get away from me you sicko ! Im not your nigga , homie , or dawg ok ? Im locking my doors and windows for real ! 
Sigh 
Cry 
Die 
Just another day 
Wish i could go away 
To a place that's new 
Just me ... and you . 
Funny of day : One morning , a mama cow and her three baby cows were out grazing in the field . The first baby cow comes up to the mama cow and says , " Mama , why is my name Daisy ? " And the mama cow said , " Well sweetie , when you were born , a daisy fell on your head . " And the first baby cow trotted off , satisfied . ( finish in comments ) 
I lost a friend today ( she's not dead . just our relationship ) . Looks like the Laughinator needs a laugh . She will be missed . I'm just going to take my time and grieve . Maybe look at some past " Funny of day " s ........ or something . 
When you see " Laughinator's joke " that means it's my joke i made up . Booyah ! 
Funny of day : Recently , a guy in Paris nearly got away with stealing several paintings 
from the Louvre . However , after planning the crime , breaking in , evading security , getting out and escaping with the goods , he was captured only two blocks away when his econoline van ran out of gas . When asked how he could have overlooked such an obvious error , he replied , " I had no Monet to buy Degas to make the Van Gogh . " 
2 days till my mommy's birthday . Get ready ! 
How about those Lions ? 
Yo momma is so fat , she broke her leg and gravy poured out . 
Ooooooooooooooooh Buuuuuuurrrrrrrrrrrnn ! 
Laughinator's joke : Bob : I locked the keys inside the car again ! Tim : Oh dear . How will you get them out ? Bob : I don't know . I guess I better just call AAA . ( AAA shows up ) AAA Guy : Ok what's the problem ? Bob : I've locked my keys in the car and my friend is locked in the car now . ( AAA Guy looks inside car ) AAA Guy : Sir , why can't your friend , who is in the car , get them ? Bob : Oh ... I guess so . ( continue in comments ) 
Quote of day : Men who for truth and honor's sake 
Stand fast and suffer long . 
Brave men who work while others sleep , Who dare while others fly ... 
They build a nation's pillars deep 
And lift them to the sky . --- Ralph Waldo Emerson 
Ok so since i'm not doing any funny of day this week , like this status and you'll get a joke on your wall ! Yay ... 
My doctor visit today confirmed these things : I'm all muscle and no fat . My BMI is too low . I need to gain weight but the weight has to be muscle . Since my genetics are calling me to be very overweight , my doctor would prefer for me to lift weights . I guess I gotta hit the gym . Also , my sisters and mom still claim they see my grey hairs . If I really do have grey hairs , I've had them for over a year . Sigh ... 
Laughinator's joke : Dante : Hey what's up ? Dante : Not much . Dante : Yeah I feel you . I'm hungry . Dante : I didn't know you were a whole contry ! Wow . Dante : What are you talking about ? ( smh ) Anyway , I think I'll eat a sundae . Dante : Why would you want to eat the sabbath ? You don't like church ? Dante : Huh ? I love church ! 
Funny of day : The phone rings at FBI headquarters . " Hello ? "" Hello , is this FBI ? "" Yes . What do you want ? "" I'm calling to report my neighbor Tom . He is hiding marijuana in his firewood . "" This will be noted . " Next day , the FBI comes over to Tom's house . They search the shed where the firewood is kept , break every piece of wood , find no marijuana , swear at Tom and leave . ( Finish in comments ) 
You should like this status if you think liking statuses for whatever reason is corny . 
Drivers be careful . Still icy roads out there . Give yourself time to drive at a slower pace . Even pedestrians need to be careful . You can take this anyway you want but you better be careful out there or we're going to have to sit down and talk about safe driving . I don't want to see my fb fam hurt . Let's show winter who's BOSS ! 
Santa may be real . I never thought he delivered presents though because the house I was in had no chiminy . My dad tried to tell me some nonsense like this : " Oh I just leave the key under the mat so he can come in through the front door . " Please ! But there are too many fat , white , males with white beards walking around to deny his existance . ;) 
Funny of day : A wealthy man decided to go on a safari in Africa . He took his faithful pet dachshund along for company . One day , the dachshund starts chasing butterflies and before long the dachshund discovers that he is lost . ( finish in comments ) 
Yoooooooo . Denae Nelson is seriously funny . OMG ! I'm just now catching my breath . When she is pissed at inanimate objects she is off the hook ! Best hour of my life for real ! 
I love my sisters : Nea(Denae ) Desi(Desiree ) Dassah(Hadassah ) and DT(Dallas ) and my baby brother Abraham ( I finally got a brother ! ) <3 
Weekend Wisdom : If at first you don't suceed , skydiving is not for you . 
Last year's Thanksgiving : Let me tell you hahahahahahahahahahaha my stomach hurts hahahahahahahahahahaha I'm gonna pee hahahahahahahahahahahaha . 
This year : ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
A lot can change from a family feud huh ? 
Weekend Wonder : If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide , is that considered a hostage situation ? 
Funny of day : Sad News Please join me in remembering a great icon of the entertainment community . The Pillsbury Doughboy died yesterday of a yeast infection and trauma complications from repeated pokes in the belly . He was 71 . ( finish in comments ) 
Funny of day : There was a millionaire , who collected live alligators . He kept them in the pool in back of his mansion . The he also had a daughter who was single . One day , the millionaire throws a party , and during the party he says , " I have a proposition to every man here . I will give 1 million dollars , or my daughter , to the man who can swim across the pool full of alligators and emerge unharmed ! " ( finish in comments ) 
Me and my new friend are off to a good start . I think i got lucky cause this person slowly is starting to resemble one of my sisters . Yup it's a she . No she's not my gf . But she is cool . Keep her family in prayer . They're going through a difficult time . 
Quotes of day : “The key to change ... is to let go of fear . ” --- Rosanne Cash 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” --- Maria Robinson 
“Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever . ” --- Keri Russell 
Funny of day : Two women were sitting in the doctor's waiting room comparing notes on their various disorders . " I want a baby more than anything in the world , " said the first , " But I guess it is impossible . "" I used to feel just the same way , " said the second . " But then everything changed . That's why I'm here . I'm going to have a baby in three months . " ( Finish in comments ) 
I dont enjoy playing the alto saxophone . It never really was my thing . All of my band directors and instructors have told me i have a great ability but you have to have heart . I do not have that heart to get to the next level . I dont want to go to the next level . 
The Sixers got blown out this weekend . It's a shame . I still love watchin them though . They suck though . They really , really , really , really , really , suck . But that's my favorite team . Seriously . 
Laughinator's joke : A man phones a mental hospital and asks the receptionist if there is anybody in room 27 . She goes and checks , and comesback to the phone , telling him No , the room is empty . " Good , " says the man . " That means I must have really escaped . " 
Funny of day : Shakey went to a psychiatrist . " Doc , " he said , " I've got trouble . Every time I get into bed , I think there`s somebody under it . I get under the bed , I think there`s somebody on top of it . Top , under , top , under . . . you gotta help me , I`m going crazy ! " " Just put yourself in my hands for two years , " said the shrink . " Come to me three times a week , and I`ll cure your fears . " ( finish in comments ) 
Wednesday Word : I put a few quotes and/or scriptures for us all to think about . If you have a fancy quote or want to share a scripture , I can put it up as part of " Wednesday Word " . " If someone you love hurts you cry a river , build a bridge , and get over it . " ~ Unknown " You are responsible for your life . You can't keep blaming somebody else for your dysfunction . Life is really about moving on . " ~ Oprah Winfrey 
Weekend Wonder : What will 2011 bring ? 
Funny of day : The following are real conversations Directory Enquiries operators had with 
callers , as revealed in interviews with staff at the Cardiff DE Centre . Caller : I'd like the number of the Argoed Fish Bar in Cardiff , please . 
Operator : I'm sorry , there's no listing . Is the spelling correct ? Caller : 
Well , it used to be called the Bargoed Fish Bar but the B fell off . ( Finish in comments ) 
Funny of day : . What did the corpse ' mom do when her son was bad ? A . Ground him . Q . What do you call a monster who poisons corn flakes ? A . A cereal killer . Q . Who are some of the werewolves cousins ? A . The whatwolves , the whowolves and the when wolves . Q . What did Dracula say after reading all these jokes ? A . They suck ! ( or they bite ! ) 
House 
Things We've Learned From Horror Films .... If you find that your house is built upon or near a cemetery , was once a church that was used for black masses , had previous inhabitants who went mad or committed suicide or died in some horrible fashion , or had inhabitants who performed satanic practices in your house move immediately . ( finish in comments ) 
Still looking for a cast for my ( hopeful ) " movie " . I need three women who are in mid-30's and a young woman in early 20's . Let me know if you're interested . 
I spent most of day with Desi . I barely got to talk to my other sisters , Denae and Dallas . But all three are busy . I'm putting on my " I miss my sisters and i'm very sad " face . :'( 
Green Bay ! <3 Oooops I mean Eagles get it together ! 
today's agenda : take my last two finals . Write my " Weekly Wizards article . Put up my Wednesday Words on fb . Go work at foodbank ( 3NK is playing today . come check it out at around 4pm ) And then go to a director's meeting for the Christmas Cantata (?) ( spelling ) Let's do it ! 
Funny of day : A man came home from work sporting two black eyes . " What happened to you ? " asked his wife . " I'll never understand women , " he replied . " I was riding up in an escalator behind this pretty young girl , and I noticed that her skirt was stuck in the crack of her butt . So I pulled it out , and she turned around and punched me in the eye ! " ( finish in comments ) 
Sixers hanging on . Proud of them but how long can they hang ? 
There was this haunted house on the outskirts of the town which was avoided by all the townfolk - the ghost which `lived ' there was feared by all . However , an enterprising journalist decided to get the scoop of the day by photographing the fearsome phantom . When he entered the house , armed with only his camera , the ghost descended upon him . ( finish in comments ) 
We got Abraham's gift . We left a bit early but i gotta say , he's definately a ladies man . And he's so smart . God he's smart . And he's just a cutie . His smile lights the room . I'm so thankful God gave me a brother . 
I 
Too believe in Jesus Christ . One of my facebook friends challenged all 
believers to post this on thier wall ..... In the Bibble it says if you 
deny me in front of of your peers , i will deny you in front of my 
Father , at the gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God 
...... and are not afriad to show it then , repost this . 
I'm ready now . I've written down the websites . I've selected the jokes I will use . The . Funny . Of . Day . Is . Back ! And with a vengance ... 
I have a dirty mind . Nasty . Filthy . Digusting . Triflin (?) Just plain dirty . 
Funny of day : Once there was a mirror that sucked people into it if they lied . So this brunette walked up to it and said , " I think I am the most beautiful person in the whole world . . . " and it sucked her in . Then a redhead walked up to it and said , " I think I am the most wonderful person in the whole world . . . " and it sucked her in too . Then a blonde walked up to it and said , " I think . . " and it sucked her in . 
Quote , Scripture and Funny ( in comments ) of day : Thanksgiving dinners take eighteen hours to prepare . They are consumed in twelve minutes . Half-times take twelve minutes . This is not coincidence . ~ Erma Bombeck . 1 Chronicles 16:34 O give thanks to the LORD , for He is good ; For His lovingkindness is everlasting . 
Do you want to know the weather for Thanksgiving ? Read the comment ... 
Last week I didn't have any funny/scripture/quotes . This week I'm back . So ... tell your friends . Yo momma . Tell Obama ! Tell your stuffed animals and imaginary friends . Tell the guy who been stalkin ya for the past month . Tell your boss/teacher . Tell God ! Let ABC , NBC , CNN , TBS , FOX , BET , and HBO know too . Make sure you remind Santa when you send him your wish list . The Christain Comedian is BACK !!!!! 
Funny of day : A cowboy rode into town and stopped at a saloon for a drink . Unfortunately , the locals always had a habit of picking on strangers , which he was . When he finished his drink , he found his horse had been stolen . He went back into the bar , handily flipped his gun into the air , caught it above his head without even looking and fired a shot into the ceiling . ( Finish in comments ) 
Take it as a compliment when the devil attacks you . He only attacks people who are a threat to his plan . It means you're doing something right in God's eyes . Take the devil's challenge head on and keep up whatever you're doing to piss him off . ;) 
Funny of day : Q . Why did the ghost go into the bar ? A . For the Boos . Q . Why didn't the skeleton dance at the party ? A . He had no body to dance with . Q . Where do most goblins live ? A . in North and South Scarolina . Q . Why did the headless horseman go into business ? A . He wanted to get ahead in life . Q . Why didn't the skeleton go to see a scary movie ? A . He didn't have the guts . ( see comment ) 
Sixers lose again . Elton Brand with a great game . Maybe the best i've seen as a Sixer . Other than that ... ugh . 
Has anybody found this interesting ? Big companies use either red or blue as their color theme . Target vs Wal-mart . Allstate vs State Farm . Walgreens vs Eckerd . Marshalls vs TJ Maxx . Can anybody think of any other color battles ? 
Funny of day : About two weeks before Christmas , a little Catholic boy decided to write a letter to Santa . He started " Dear Santa ... " , he thought " No , I will go to a higher authority " , so he decided to write a letter to Jesus . 
" Dear Jesus , If you get me a bike for Christmas , I will be good for two weeks .. " 
" NO NO NO NO I can't be good for two weeks " , he thought to himself . ( finish in comments ) 
Scripture , Quote and Funny ( in comments ) of day : Psalm 100:4 Enter His gates with thanksgiving , And His courts with praise . Give thanks to Him ; bless His name . 
Thanksgiving Day comes , by statute , once a year ; to the honest man it comes as frequently as the heart of gratitude will allow . ~ Edward Sandford Martin 
I didn't realize how powerful my praying has become . It finaly hit me when I prayed with a group of people and some lady that I never met before commented on how strong I sounded ( I was praying for her health ) . She felt more hope because I took the time to pray with her . Yaaaaaaay ! God is good ! 
I just got home from work . Now I can go to my 8 o'clock class to take a test . Hmmm ... good thing I already have two 100's in the class huh ? 
Weekend Wonder : If people from Poland are called ' Poles ' , why aren't people from Holland called ' Holes ? ' Why do we say something is out of whack ? What is a whack , anyway ? Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery ? If a pig loses its voice , is it disgruntled ? Why is a person who plays the piano called a pianist , but a person who drives a racing car not called a racist ? 
Welp now that I'm done with women , it's time for a change . There's a change coming to fb soon . 
Trying to put up the " Funny Friday " stuff but Mr. Slow Computer has other plans . Be safe on the roads out there . I'm kind of a safety nut so every time it snows I'll be preaching safety . I might even inbox you a nice little lecture . Sigh five minutes have gone by since I started writing this status . Slooooooooowwww 
Funny of day . ( to Boy Scout 86 . Thanks for the good times guys ! ) Q : What do you call an Eagle Scout with a crew cut ? A : A bald eagle . Scoutmaster : " Tenderfoot , how did you get that black eye ? " Tender Foot : " Sir , I was hit by a guided muscle with a knucklear warhead ! " Scoutmaster : The only way to acquire a new skill is to start at the bottom . Tender Foot : But I want to learn to swim . ( A lot more stuff in comments ) 
I think I stepped up my game with the funnies today . I'm still not satisfied however , and I will continue to pump out funnies on Sunday . 
I let her go . I guess I gotta move on . Sometimes even family can't stay in your life forever . Shake my head . 
Funny of day : The Wolf Man comes home one day from a long day at the office . 
" How was work , dear ? " his wife asks . 
" Listen ! I don't want to talk about work ! " he shouts . 
" Okay . Would you like to sit down and eat a nice home cooked meal ? " she asks sweetly . " Listen ! " he shouts again . " I'm not hungry ! I don't wanna eat ! Alright ! Is that alright with you ? " ( finish in comments ) 
Can't wait for Wednesday night . Everybody takes a back seat to what happens Wednesday night . Seriously . I might even forget about posting a funny cause i'll be getting ready for the event . Can't wait ! 
I'm super pumped about the Sixers this season . Saw a lot more energy than I expected . Collins is doing a pretty good job here . Holiday needs to bounce back but Turner was great ! Especialy his " duel " with Dwyane Wade . Overall , they got blown out but didn't give up as they almost pulled off a comeback and upset . That's why i'm pumped . Good job guys . 
The Q/A's are everywhere . I can't believe it . It's gotta be bio-terrorism . They put something in the air and then who ever breathes in enough of it , starts telling people to ask them anything ! My God ! And you'll be at your computer instead of work . Next thing you know , the economy will be detroyed and because of all the time sitting at the computer , well be too fat to defend ourselves . IMO of course ... 
Funny of day : These are ways to scare your neighbors ! Give em a try ! 1 . Order pizza and other food to their house and pick it up at their doorstep claiming that you don't have a phone . 2 . Stand over the plants in your yard with a hose and Scream , " I have your life in my hands , bow down to me ! " . Then point at each one and declare them good or bad plants , while watering the bad ones . ( finish in comments ) 
The Sixers start tonight . This ... is ... it ! 
Funny of day : Two campers are hiking in the woods when one is bitten on the rear end by a rattlesnake . " I’ll go into town for a doctor , " the other says . He runs ten miles to a small town and finds the town’s only doctor , who is delivering a baby . " I can’t leave , " the doctor says . ( finish in comments ) 
Funny of day : There were three applicants for one job that required " The Powers of Obvervation & Attention to Detail " The first applicant enters the interviewers office & is told " the job requires the powers of observation & attention to detail . What do you notice different about me " He responds by commenting " You have no freaken ears " ( Finish in comments ) 
Hey ... Dante's Funny World is like the funniest page ever . You should visit it sometime . Like , really like , the best like , page like , ever in like ... a fergillion years . Like far out . Peace . 
Im so ashy that : i put michael jackson to shame . i scare the kkk . people are waiting for me to melt with the rest of the snow . i look like a chocolate and vanilla icecream swirl . i need some lotion . 
I'm allergic to my favorite food , Apples . I have shortness of breath and the inside of my tummy has an unscratchable itch when eating or drinking apples . So why am I drinking this apple juice ? It is because I love apples . Yes there is pain but I'll live ... I guess . Apples rule ok ? Gimme a break . 
Funny of day : A young boy enters a barber shop and the barber whispers to his customer , “This is the dumbest kid in the world . Watch while I prove it to you . ” The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other , then calls the boy over and asks , “Which do you want , son ? ” ( finish in comments ) 
Man if i ever saw or heard my sisters get abused ... i guess i'd be in jail . The things i would do to that abuser ... and ive seen many horror movies with many ways of dying . i have an imagination . That abuser would be sorry . 
Ok i know it's nice out . But let's keep the clothes on ok ? It's not hot outside . Those short sleeve shirts and shorts gotta go . Hey 50 year old lady ? Can you put your shirt back on ? We dont have that kind of weather yet . Thanks in advance . 
LOL we're taking our microeconomics quiz right ? 5 minutes into the quiz , one of the guys turns in his unfinished quiz saying , " I'm sorry . I just can't . " And then he walks out the room . That was only a quiz . What will he do for the test ? Toooo funny . Smh 
I don't care what you say . Santa is real ya heard me ? I've seen toooooooooo many old white guys with beards going down to the waist ! No wonder he knows when you're awake or sleep . He's all over the place . Of course he'll get the gifts delivered . He knows what you did last night at that party too ! 
Family will burn you . Intentionally or not they will burn you . Im looking in the mirror cuz i know ive burnt people . But there's a limit and she broke that limit so Dante logic says to cut her loose . Bye-bye . 
Funny of day : Laughinator's joke : If you can't laugh at yourself , I'll do it for you . 98% of the time I am right . Why worry about the other 3% But I don't have an " any key " on my computer ! The fridge light DOES go out . Now let me out of here !!!! I can't remember the last time I forgot something . Should women have children after 35 ? No , 35 children are enough ! 
JaVale McGee . 
JaVale McGee ... again 
Oh had fun with Kwam Tyseim Lurry and Jasmine Vance at church today . Working in the Children's church is awesome . I'm in my 7th year doing it . Still as fun as first . Oh yeah ! 
Oooooh my blogsite and my position as Washington Wizards correspondant is gone . Deleted . Bye-bye . Some things happen to the site and it had to be shut down . It was fun while it lasted . :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( Super bumed . 
So 3NK needs to practice for the first time for a " concert " to be played on Wednesday . We've played these songs before so it shouldnt be much of a problem . We also have the ability to learn new songs in one day ( at least I do ) I've been playing for almost 11 years so i've played many many types of songs . Let's see what happens . 3NK ALL DAY ! :) 
Well my agenda is altered . And i can say bye to my money . Hope school works out . Back to square one . :'( 
thought it was morning sickness but looks like im wrong . feel weak and tired and sometimes light headed . but i know there are people is a much worse state than me so ima just get through school today and be thankful im not on my death bed . You should be thankful too ... 
Just so we're clear , Dante Lifeless Nelson is a concentration of my negative energy . He and I are the same person but while I ( try ) to bring the positive in everything , Lifeless is 100% negative . I would not recommend you being friends with him if you're a very positive person . Ok ? Just warning ya . 
Got another 100 on my second accounting test . Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! 
Like this status if you don't want to like this status . 
Someone's notifications just got blown the heck up . Hope that person aint mad at me ! O.O ( all part of the plan ) 
I Have Three Nipples And I'm Proud Of It ! Yeah ... it's like that . 
I don't like watermelon and I'm black . Is that a problem ? For me , when I eat it , I feel like i'm drowning . There's too much water . And if you're not drowning , then the water is all on your face . Now you look like a greedy slob drinking a melon . Is it just I get the most watery melons every time ? Is there some special tecnique to eating one ? Should you have a lifegaurd on duty ? I'm lost . 
There's a new health crisis out there . It's called " ILDS " I'm not sure how it started but it's spreading . But I don't think I want it to stop . ;) 
Quote from a note : Quote from a note is a ... quote from a note . More specifically , the note " Top 5 People Who Inspire Me " I share a person from inside the list . Here's #5 on my list in the comment . Who inspires you ? 
It's hump day ! ;) School in the morning , foodbank in the afternoon , and Sixers tonight . 
Wth happen to Dora the Explorer's voice !? She's American now . Wth !? 
I'm watching Steve Wilkos and the mom on here has admitted to " taping her 6 month old son " and locking him in a closet . Telling him to " go sleep in the fucking trash can " She slaps his son when he cries or laughs . So mad right now . And she said all of this with no emotion at all . Her reasoning is because the boy looks like his father and she hates his father so she takes out her hate on the poor baby boy . WTF !? 
If I saw that happen to my baby god-brother , the only thing that could stand in my way is God Himself . Nobody's touching my family , ok ? Don't get it twisted . 
Quote from a note . #4 on the list is my Auntie Odette ! Who inspires you ? ( read the comment ) 
After the depressing day , it was nice to sit back and watch Sixers destroy Wizards . I'm waiting for more hopefully good news later ( tonight/tomorrow ) . Mmmmhmmmm 
Quote from a note . #3 is my great-grandmother . Who inspires you ? ( read the comment ) 
Ive been listening to James Brown maybe a bit too much . I find myself with the urge to scream when i hear any kind of music . Even as i write this status , im listening to a " Jump&Jive " CD . It's a collection of songs that " got us through the war " ( WWII ) My goodness , my musical taste is all over the place ! 
Quote from a note . #2 is my mommy so you know I'm bout to bring it , son ! ( get it ? SON ? ) Who inspires you ? ( read the comment ) 
Um so I'm at the bank ready to cash the check and I realize I forgot my account info . I start to head to my car to run home and get it ok ? I get to the car and this woman walks up to me . She stands right in front of the driver's door . Excuse me ? Are you blocking me from getting into MY car ? Wtf ? And then she proceeds to start a conversation with me ! Huh ? ( finish in comments ) 
Quote from a note : #1 is my daddy , a real man ! Shoot ... he's one of the best in the business . Who inspires you ? ( read the comment ) 
Hmmm ... I'm not tired ... I'm just going to lie down and hope I fall asleep . :'( 
Someone came to me in church and now I have to choose : Help out with something my heart is not in ? If I do , it would mean leaving my #1 passion to help with this other thing . The ushers at church are short of men and need me but if I do it , i wont be able to work in children's church , which Ive been doing since 2004 and love teaching the kids . I'm torn in two ( 2 ) ( 1 pair ) . Got some things to think about now . :'( 
Ok people , Desiree Nelson and I are bout to have a Mario Cart duel for the ages on Tuesday . Just wanna let you all know , the next time you see her , she will probably be crying . And you will know why : I DESTROYED HER !!!!!!!!!!!! Also , Dallas Thompson keeps harrassing me about the family reunion . IDK IF WE'RE GOING ! OK ? These ladies are crazy . smh 
Funny of day : Q : What did the ghost buy for his house ? 
A : Home moaner's insurance ! Q : Where do vampires learn to suck blood ? 
A : Law school ! Q : What's in a ghosts nose ? 
A : Boo-gers ! 
The best thing about kids is that they don't look at the clothes , skin , or other things . They befriend strangers ( I mean other kids ) like it's nothing . Why do adults look at the skin , clothes , cars , home , and other things ? Shouldnt we be just as accepting as kids ? We adults have some growing up to do . Seriously . 
Sigh ... please pray for my mommy's daddy . They found him in the middle of the street tonight . Not too sure what happened . He's alive , but couldn't remember things like who the president was or how he fell or where he was . Sooo ... thanks . 
I dont think im going to last much longer like this . Ever since i started working , ive been so tired and weak . ive lost 10lbs already cause i lost track of my diet and ive nearly hit myself with my car twice . :'( 
First 10 of " 50 Fun Things to Do in an Elevator " ( whole list is at Dante's Funny World ) 1 . Make race car noises when anyone gets on or off . 2 . Blow your nose and offer to show the contents of your kleenex to other passengers . 3 . Grimace painfully while smacking your forehead and muttering : " Shut up , dammit , all of you just shut UP ! " ( finish in comment ) 
I am Dante Lamar Nelson and I am a Danteholic . 
Bad Christmas tree : 8 . Two feet tall , forty feet wide 7 . Salesman's opening line : " You're not a cop , are you ? " 6 . It looks like a broom handle with lots of coat hangers 5 . While you sleep , it gets drunk and takes the family van for a ride . 4 . " Duraflame " is printed on each branch . 3 . It's very small and says " air freshener " on it . 2 . Rabbis have better Christmas trees than yours . 1 . Constantly bragging about its " trunk size " 
Bum bum-bum another quiz bites the dust . Bum bum-bum another quiz bites the dust . And another quiz gone , another quiz gone . Another quiz bites the dust . HEY ! Another on the way . Another quiz bites the dust . LOL I'm loving it baby ! 
Ok Dante be careful here . Last time you were looking for a job you became very depressed . School finances were breathing down your back and your " Im a man so I should have a job " pride was hurting big time . You just have to keep looking for a job and praying the right oppertunity comes along . Keep your head up cuz if you become depressed like before , you're done for . Sigh 
as soon as i change my relationship status , i get in the car and hear these words : go on now go . walk out the door . just turn around now . cuz ur not welcome any more ... coincedence ? i think not ! 
With my blog work done , and after watching the re-run of the Sixers victory , I'm finally going to go to sleep . Havnt been sleep in almost 24 hours . But before I go , I have to say this : To all of my female friends , You are beautiful in my eyes and in God's . You are too valuable to be treated like crap by ANY man . Remember that . That is all . 
4 days till my mommy's birthday ! 
I made up my mind on Tuesday but waited to see if anything could change my mind . I'm no longer ushering at church . It's just gonna be me and koinonia kids . If I could do both , I would . But , it is what it is . If anybody wants to usher , let me know though . They need more . Male or female . 
Funny of day : Signs you need a new roommate : 10 .. Has posters of creepy Newsweek covers with " Doe " and " Lewinsky " over his/her bed ... 9 . Sings the ending to the Flintstones as " an all gay time ... " 8 .. Mumbles incoherently to a now green piece of cheddar cheese . ( finish in comments ) 
Uh-oh ! Looks like it's " Advertise A Facebook Page " week ! You betta tell yo kids , spouse , pastor , convicted criminal , momma , Jesus , ABC , NBC , TBS , TNT , 3NK , random guy on the street , doctor , yourself , Obamas ( all of them ) , Dante Nelson , your pet(s ) , that guy robbing your bank , your TV , yo grandma , and that person that you talk to every once in a while but you're not really friends . Tell them all ! 
Funny of day:There's a Knicks fan with a nosebleed seat in Madison Square Garden . Looking around , he saw an empty seat courtside . So , he went to the empty seat . When he got to the seat , he asked the man sitting next to it , " Is this seat taken ? " The man replied , " It was my wife's seat . She passed away " " Sorry for your loss . May I ask why you didn't give the ticket to a friend or relative ? " " They're all at the funeral " 
Well ... when do you give God the glory ? All the time . Is that complicated ? Nah . Is it easy ? Yeah . When we do good unto others , we have done glory to God . It's just that easy . This isnt a Staples commercial , this is life . 
I told you I was going to the meeting tonight . The boys are fine . A couple of em made Eagle and a couple are on thier way there . Some new faces also . The patrol name that I gave years ago as well as the flag I hand made were still being used so I was proud of that . Always nice to see old friends . 
I guess my status this morning was God talking to me . I didnt know why I put that status up . Like it came out of nowhere . It just leaped into my heart . But then , after my last class of the day , I ended up helping a female BCC employee carry boxes . She had lost her balance and all of the boxes fell . Others walked by but I stopped and helped . I ended up doing exactly what I wrote . So ... to God be the Glory ! 
First page of " Advertise A Facebook Page Week " is 3 Nelson Kids . Just a group of people who play musical instruments ( musicians ) . We only play for Abundant Life Fellowship Church . Right now , we're currently working on recording some songs specifically for our family members that can't make it to a live performance . Check the page out ! 
So I noticed why everybody was changing thier profile pics . I'm so in . 
I wish this computer would work so I can take my final . if not , im screwed . Geez 
" Advertise A Facebook Page " This page , Chicken is not my page . Desi and cousin Domo made the page and made me an administrator of the page . It's about chicken ( duh ) . So ... I dont know what else to say . Check the page out ! 
Sigh ... the girls in my family are just too attractive . Wth am I suppose to do ? The men are always gonna try and get in their pants . That just means I'll have to step up my game . My sisters will not be taken for a ride . Neither will the female cousins . Not while I'm around . If those pigs think they can take advantage , they're in for a rude awakening . Mhm oh yeah it's not a threat ... it's a promise baby . 
A black couple were going to a Halloween party in a couple of days so the husband tells his wife to go to the store and get costumes for them to wear . 
He comes home that night and goes into the bedroom and laid out on the bed is a Superman costume . The husband yells at his wife , " What are you doing ? Have you ever heard of a black Superman ? Take this back and get me something I can wear . " ( finish in comments ) 
I don't think i'm asking too for what I want from a girl . The most important thing is that God is the top priority in her life and that I see my sisters and/or mom in her . Lots of people have chosen their mates based on who they lived with during childhood . That's not too much ... right ? 
If , for some strange reason , I end up getting married and have a girl , I might just name her Dantesha . Mmmmm yummy . 
Dante's Funny World is the page I made to make everybody laugh . So go there and laugh . Right now . Click it . Do it . You know you want to . Laugh ... 
School got on my nerves , Foodbank was a pain . Then the Sixers do this . What a day . 
Well Sixers lose again . The player of the game would have to be Andres Nocioni . Great game offensive and defensively . The team is playing with heart out there . Brand had a nice game as well . Time to go play the Pacers next . 
Ok we all know what tomorrow is . And I know I have at least one friend here on fb that is a Black Friday Shopaholic . So to that friend(s ) I say , be careful out there . Here is some personal advice for you : Make sure you're wearing the helmet and pads . Sometimes having a stick helps too . When pushing people out of the way to get the last pair of shoes , use the elbows . That'll stun your opponent . ( more in comments ) 
good news : it's all a big misunderstanding and im " allowed " to usher again ! bad new : i have reached the end of my rope and im done with the bs at foodbank . ive worked with 5 year olds more mature . im tired of it . 
I Am A Great Man of God and I Am A Great Woman of God are twin pages . Share scripture , prayer , fellowship , and just being a great person of God . I'm on the verge of deleting the woman page since a friend of mine showed me somthing even better than that page ( check out the page for more info ) . But , still , check the pages out ! 
How did a severly fat baby turn into a underweight man ? Guess that's life . 
Alright . Thanks to my friend Jazzy and my mommy , im going to take my open book final instead of going to foodbank . Kinda feel guilty bout leaving the seniors hanging but school is more important . Believe it or not this was a hard decision . Sigh ... 
wow some week . idk . it's only Friday but to all my fb friends , have a great weekend . my week was full of frustration so im looking forward to it . btw , i like candy . i want some candy ... 
im in chemistry right now . im all the way in the back . i hiccuped and while hiccuping , i let out a large belch . EVERYBODY turned their heads to me . It was awesome . right now , im trying to hold in my laughter . Great times !!! 
I got a nice fat check in the mail , Sixers beat the best team in the east , second best in the NBA . This week was HELL until now . Good job boys 
I'm big on family . Mine is the best of all time . Believe it baby ! <3 
Im recovering from a food attack from Desi . She became so obbsessed with eating crackers . Problem is , there are no crackers in the house . So she pretty much was telling everybody she was in the mood for crackers . She's a cranky one for sure . God hep us all !!! 
Funny of day : So i'm in my Stats class and during the lecture , two of my classmates start flirting with each other ! Not funny yet ? How about the fact i was right in between them !? Still not funny ? How about I started taking notes on what they were " whispering " to each other ? Yeeeeeeah it's like that . Just another wierd moment in my wierd life . I'm a wierd guy though ; so it's cool with me . 
Ok well 1 more day till mommy's birthday ! 
We're goin to Virginia this weekend . Ima watch my Desi play some soccer games in the tournament . It's the first long trip since the death . Should be interesting . Last year , her team was destroyed . But ... hopefully ... they play better . 
Let's see who responds to this question : What is your favorite song ? Give the title and artist . 
Jesus . 
Cant sleep . Now what ? 
My Sixers leading at the half . But all season they've had problems keeping thier leads in the third . They won two striaght but the Hawks have offensive weapons that can bring the team back . 
made it to Virginia baby . praise God for travlin mercies right ? we gonna have some fun . bye for the weekend fb ! love ya . 
:'( 
Friday Funny : Jemima was taking an afternoon nap on New Year's Eve before the festivities . After she woke up , she confided to Max , her husband , ' I just dreamed that you gave me a diamond ring for a New Year's present . What do you think it all means ? ' ' Aha , you'll know tonight , ' answered Max smiling broadly . ( finish in comments ) 
Cantata . Who saw it ? It was great . Ok im done talking cause if i keep going i wont stop with all of the details . 
Answer this : Why am i going to work every night when i'm spending more money to go to work than what i make . And it has taken its toll on my health too . So tell me ... why am i still going to work ? No answer right ? Exactly ! Smh . Makes no sense to me . 
Back hooooome . Mhm yeah Desi won game MVP cuz she da bomb ! It was cold and windy down there , son . You all can stop missing the Nelsons cuz we're back . Look out Jersey ! 
Breaking News : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On and crashed into We All Have Problems before coming to a complete stop at Get Over It . Any complaints about how we operate can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-waah or email to whocares@notme.com . Reporting LIVE from Quit Complaining ! ~ If you like this , re-post to your status 
Today's agenda : Go to class and secretly wish I could just get an " A " in everything . Go to Wal-Mart and get some stuff for work . Go home and unpack the packege that should have arrived by then . Sit on my bed and cry for no reason . Take a nap . Wake up and cry because I have to go to work . Make sure Daniel isn't at the strip club ( again ) . Go to work and wish my supervisor was cool . 
Question : Here's what happen . I was at school , ok ? I held open a door for a young lady . She said " thank you " and I said as innocent and casual as possible , " your welcome pretty lady " She must have been offended cuz she said , " You pigs will do whatever it takes to get in a woman's pants ! " So the question is , was I wrong for calling her a " pretty lady " ? Im so serious this did happen to me . Smh 
Got a 98 on my Business Law test . XD 
My Wednesdays have been odd all year . Some have been very negative , some just never end quick enough . But today and last week , very cool . In the words of Annie : " I think I'm gonna like it here " 
shoot . i cant sleep . what in the name of all that is holy am i gonna do !? idk . 
Oh snap do you know what tomorrow is ? That's riiiiight , it's a week before my dad's birthday ! And if you thought the countdown to my mom was off the wall , you have no chance of standing for dad . We bout to go in on this , son ! Bring . It . ON ! 
Oh boy 7 days till daddy's birthday ! The countdown has begun . 
" Any man can be a father . It takes someone special to be a dad . " ~ Author Unknown 
Ok Sixers vs Cavs . They lost the first two meetings against them . I think they will win though . We will see . I like Jodie in the lineup and hope he continues to shoot the ball well . 
Birthday countdown : Man : Uh Houston ? We have a problem . Houston : What is it ? Man : We're out of fuel and there is nothing close enough to stop . Houston : Oh man tough break . Before you all die , you should know something . Man : What ? Houston : In six more days , it will be Christopher Nelson's birthday ! Man : -_- 
The greatest gift I ever had 
Came from God ; I call him Dad ! ~ Author Unknown 
3 days till my mommy's birthday ! 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! MY GENERATION GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . THEY NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE ! LET'S SEE HOW MANY AMERICANS WILL RE-POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE !!!! 
ok tell me why the guy has on just a t-shirt and shorts on out here . wth !? im tired of the cold too but wearing that will not bring warm weather any sooner . next time this happens , someone is getting smacked . that's the Dante Promise ! 
You know you need to eat more when your Wii Fit game tells you you're underwieght AAAAAAAAND when you compare your thigh to you 13 yr old sister and your thigh is obviously smaller . SMH I wasnt kidding when I said ive been losing wieght from school and work . Oh boy 
5 days till daddy's birthday ! Say whaaaaaaaat !? When I say birthday ; you say 5 . Birthday !... Birthday !... Birthday ! Good job . <3 
He didn't tell me how to live ; he lived , and let me watch him do it . ~ Clarence Budington Kelland 
aaaaaaaaand im done ! Bye-bye baby 
IT'S NOT EASY BEING A GUY Pity us men ......... 
If you put a woman on a pedestal and try to protect her from the rat race , you're a male chauvinist . If you stay home and do the housework , you're a sissy . 
If you work too hard , there is never any time for her . 
If you don't work enough , you're a good-for-nothing bum . 
If you cry , you're a wimp . 
If you don't , you're an insensitive jerk . ( finish in comments ) 
Aha ! No more pictures of Dante Nelson . Not that any one will really notice . 
I'm having trouble as to how my Sixers beat the Bulls and lost to the Kings . We need consistantsy . 
Quotes of day : “The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live . ” Flora Whittemore . Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever . ” Keri Russell . “Be the change you want to see in the world . ” Mahatma Gandhi 
5 days till mommy's birthday ! 
I'm about to shave ... my ... face . Oh ... yeeeeeaaaah . ;) 
In the words of Moses Malone , " Fo , Fo , Fo " more days until daddy's birhtday ! 
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty . ~ Author Unknown 
Almost ready to go to work . But let's be honest : Who on facebook cares ? 
At foodbank , one of the ladies thought i was a girl . So tell me fb family : Why did she think i was a girl ? Was it because i have tits ? Did i have a dress on ? Ive put on lipstick before but that's nothing to be concerned about . So what if i dont like football . Im a man ! So what if there's a dress in my closet . Im a man ! Did she see me buying tampons in Walmart ? Heck no ! Help me out . 
I had no idea it was 80° outside . based on what she's wearing , i must be crazy to wear this heavy coat . i shouldve put on a t-shirt like she did too . smh i gotta stay current with the weather updates i guess . 
Boom baby ! Three days till the birthday ! Speaking of " 3 " , three things that I got from my father will stay with me till the rest of my life : Nipples . Yessir I've got three nipples , just like my daddy ! Btw : I Have Three Nipples And I'm Proud Of It ! 
Sometimes the poorest man leaves his children the richest inheritance . ~ Ruth E . Renkel 
Oh man did I just get accepted to Wilmington University !? Let me just read my letter that says , " Congratulations on your acceptance to Wilmington University ! " Hmmm ... I guess that means I'm in . Ok good . Dont have to worry bout that anymore . But today was a tough day , especially at foodbank . Wednesdays ... sigh . 
Ok Sixers . National scale here . TNT baby . Show your stuff . 
LOL my mom is like upset cuz dad just called her and she has to go to were he works cuz he locked his keys in the car . Hahahahahahahahahaha HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! Bahahahaha oh my goodness . Great times in Nelson History ! 
Oh boy two days till birthday time ! As you may have saw in a previous status , dad locked his keys in the car . This is the second time I remember this happening . Love him just the same . Hahaha 
“Good fathers make good sons” ~ Author Unknown 
I guess people whose name starts with " D " are the best after all ! 
one day i will dance 
like there's ants in my pants 
and i will sing a song 
while walkin round in a thong 
IT'S RANDOM DANTE-NESS ! are you scared yet !? 
we'll just pretend it's not snow . 
omg ever since day one these two girls just come to class and talk talk talk ! and i cant hear the lecture . patience is running thin . soon Dante is going to tell , not ask , for them to shut up , go home , and get a life ! omg ! 
Oh my one more day ! LOOKS LIKE MY CAPS LOCK BUTTON IS ON . CAN'T WAIT FOR THE BIRTHDAY !! Hahahaha but he's a great man ( in case I didnt tell you ) . I'm very glad that I came from his sperm . HA ! 
“And in the end , it's not the years in your life that count . It's the life in your years . ” Abraham Lincoln 
Screw it . -____- 
Hey ... where did Fred go ? Fred !? 
Well it's daddy's birthday ! His name is Christopher and you can comment a birthday wish or write on my wall . Happy birthday daddy ! Love ya <3 
I'm going to bring back Funny of Day jokes on my profile ! But only for a week . In honor of my dad , I'm sending out the jokes like crazy . If I didnt get my sense of humor from grandma ( and grandma is dirty ) , it was from daddy . I told you this birthday was gonna be off the hizzy ! 
For Chocolate Lovers : If you've got melted chocolate all over your hands , you're eating it too slowly . Chocolate covered raisins , cherries , orange slices & strawberries all count as fruit , so eat as many as you want . The problem : How to get 2 pounds of chocolate home from the store in hot car . The solution : Eat it in the parking lot . ( finish in comments ) 
Guy walks into a bar . BAAM ! That must have hurt . 
Let's see if i can make up a joke right here at school . hmmm .... oh ok why did the chicken cross the road ? Because there was a mob of black people chasing him with frying pans ! Aha ! Yes ... i went there . 
i think we've all heard of this one : " Guy enters 10 puns into a pun compitition hoping for a higher chance to win . Sadly , no pun in ten did . " We've heard of that , right ? Still funny ! 
Ok Ok rehearsal time . Let's go get done baby . Im the lighting director so I go some stuff to do ! Another rehearsal for tonight too for lighting , sound , and props . Here we go . 
Oh yes ! i got the last few props that i need for the shoot Saturday ! Lookin good Nelson , lookin gooood . I just need to make sure the cast knows what they have to wear and then ... lights , camera , action ! 
Got an 80 on my History test -_- . But that was better than what I expected . :( . also , there's this girl in my class that loves red just like me too . She had a red binder , a sexy red jacket , and a lovely red car . I'm going to look up the lyrics to " Lady in Red " and memorize them . I love red and people in red . XD 
Desiree and Denae look just alike . Amazing . 
People ( aka Dante Nelson ) who feel the need to tell you that they have an excellent sense of humor are telling you that they have no sense of humor . 
think about it ... 
As we stood in formation at the Pensacola Naval Air Station , our Flight Instructor said , " All right ! All you dummies fall out . " As the rest of the squad wandered away , I remained at attention . The instructor walked over until he was eye-to-eye with me , and then just raised a single eyebrow . I smiled and said , " Sure was a lot of ' em , huh sir ? " 
Hope everybody enjoyed thier Christmas . If you dont celebrate Christmas ... i hope you enjoyed your Saturday ... i guess ... 
This is an actual radio conversation released by the Chief of Naval Operations , 10-10-95 , MSG #H0000115020ecb52EMHS 
#1 : " Please divert your course 15 degrees to the north to avoid a collision . " #2 : " Recommend that you change YOUR course 15 degrees to the south to avoid a collision . " ( finish in comments ) 
Teacher : " Billy , make a sentence starting with the letter ' I ' . " 
Billy : " I is ... " 
Teacher : " No , no , no , don't say ' I is ' , you say ' I am ' . 
Billy : " OK , I am the ninth letter of the alphabet . " 
This year will be fun for me . You know how ? Because I'm ready for my screenplay to happen . I've been working hard to do what I can to make this thing happen . It's the year of writing . I've got even bigger things I want to do with my blogsite , and I'm ready to write my third play . I think this play is gonna be about a few of my facebook friends and I'll share it with you guys . Oh I'm pumped ! 
Ok it's been over half way through the semester . i can honestly say that my Microeconomics professor's favorite word is " uh " . His favorite phrase is " wait let me figure this out ... uh ... " Here we go ! 
Ok people I ate my daddy's food . Ive been just messed up all day . Pray over your food . 
Teacher asked George : " How can you prove the earth is round ? " 
George replied : " I can't . Besides , I never said it was . " 
Little Johnny wasn't getting good marks in school . One day he surprised the teacher with an announcement . He tapped her on the shoulder and said , " I don't want to scare you , but my daddy says if I don't start getting better grades , somebody is going to get a spanking ! " 
It has begun . My war with animals has begun . Only one side will win . I've tried everything short of killing , but too late , it ends here . They will not get in MY trash again . I'm tired of cleaning that yard full of trash . It ends here . Start off slow , but my skills are now perfected over the winter . Determination at its strongest . Ive seen enough dead animals so I certainly will not freak out . Bring it on . 
Look out ! Dante's got a corny joke ! Why did Dante write a joke as his status ? Because he wanted to make somebody laugh ! HAHAHAHAHA it's so terrible ! Yes ! Horrible . 
The child comes home from his first day at school . Mother asks , " What did you learn today ? " 
The kid replies , " Not enough . I have to go back tomorrow . " 
Awesome ! 90 minutes of sleep . Good start . Make sure you pray for the government . Im just glad my faith is in God and not our government . Im not too worried about anything right now . 
Teacher : " Why are you late , Joseph ? " 
Joseph : " Because of a sign down the road . " 
Teacher : " What does a sign have to do with your being late ? " 
Joseph : " The sign said , ' School Ahead , Go Slow!' " 
My God ! This feeling inside of me . The urge to comment on every status I see . Just a witty remark . Must ... not hit ... comment ... button ... 
I seemed to have been hacked by my soft side . It seems that a few of my family members have a heart from me . I wonder how that happened ... ;) 
RIP Shirley Nelson . Dante loves you . 
Happy Birthday to my Uncle Timmy ! Love that crazy man . <3 
I took this status from Denae Nelson . " Well hello there , beautiful person who just read this status ;) " Mmmm 
Ok so it's going to be close to 90 degrees tomorrow . Fine . Whatever . But please ... for the love of God ... have some decent clothing on . Nothing too revealing . Looking at the weather , I see I have about two more weeks until my allergies take over and the usual no sleep , no appetite , and the personality change begins . Sigh . 
Sixers ! Aha ! Time and time again . They find ways to lose each time . They have the gift of losing . Perfect . Did you see the game ? Awesome . And I still love them , even after that . Ha ! I guess I'm a true fan , huh ? Or maybe I'm still high off those airplane fumes from UPS ... 
Scripture , Quote , and Funny of day : 1 Thessalonians 5:18 in everything give thanks ; for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus . 
Thanksgiving is America's national chow-down feast , the one occasion each year when gluttony becomes a patriotic duty . ~ Michael Dresser 
Bored today ? In the comments , read what you can do to spice up you day . 
There we go ! I have no social life ! That's it . I figured it out . Im so smart . Aaahhhh I have found my identity . My destiny . My life's work . Thank you . 
Lala hmmm ... 3 A.M. Waitin for 3am son . Walls will be posted on . You ready ? Think Im kidding ? Maybe I am . We'll all see . <3 
Well it's about 3am . And as I promised , the posting shall begin ... 
Ok It is done . I have made my posts . Enjoy your gift ladies !!!!!! 
I'm brown . You can be black and white or mixed or whatever . I'm brown . If possible , I'll be filling out applications and my race will be brown , otherwise , it will be " other " . I'm not dark enough to be black . I don't look like my driveway , a hockey puck , Batman's cape , or my goodyear tires , ok ? Ha ! How do ya like that ? 
Friday Funny : A young couple moves into a new neighborhood . The next morning , while they are eating breakfast , the young woman sees her neighbor hang the wash outside . That laundry is not very clean , she said , she doesn't know how to wash correctly . Perhaps she needs better laundry soap . Her husband looked on , but remained silent . ( finish in comments ) 
Did I make any of you facebookers laugh today ? No . Is it my job ? Yes . Time to fix it before I get fired ! Cuz if I get fired from this , not only will I have no job in this reality , but no job in Dante's reality either . Unemployed bum . :) 
Omg my allergies are attacking way too early . I need like two weeks . Usually , the begining of May is when I start my transformation . I dont think it is a major cause for concern . If I get it out the way early , I have more time to enjoy cutting the grass ! Yaaaaay ! This'll be the bestest two weeks ever in the history of me wanting the pain to go away-ness . 
Off to work baby . Hope I get home before 7 this time . I'm feeling lucky . MmmmHmmm lucky ducky . Like this status cuz I said so . 
Guess I was wrong . Allergies are up and running . My throat is so bad , I put Barry White to shame ( my voice is that deep ) . No nose problem yet . No personality change yet . No hope yet . The annual change has begun . Two weeks ! 
To all of my fellow allergy sufferers , stay strong . Times well be hard but remember you're not alone . Ironicaly , I do want to be left alone . I wont complain to you all about my stupid problems if you will keep up the good fight . Deal ? Cool . And remember , stay strong my friends . We'll get through this . 
Oh great . Well who ever wished for snow , got their freakin wish ! 
Only the Sixers can blow an 18 point game and then lose . ONLY THE STUPID SIXERS CAN LOSE A GAME AFTER LEADING FOR THE FIRST 48 MINUTES ! WTF !!!!???? 
Boy I can be a real anti social person . Alot . 
6 days till my mommy's birthday ! That's right im doing a countdown . Dont like it ? Then how about you just delete me as a friend cause i love my mommy and that's that punk ! And just wait until it's daddy's b-day ... 
Wednesday Word : Psalms 70 NLT version ( it will go to comments ) Please God rescue me ! Come quickly Lord and help me . May those who try to kill me , be humiliated and put to shame . May those who take delight in my trouble be turned back in disgrace . 
Im going to attempt to make a new friend . Im already this person's friend on facebook but we're more aquiantances than acual friends . Let's see if that person catches me before i make my move . I barely talk to anybody on fb so anybody is a target ! ;) 
Well Im back to normal . Whatever . 
Inbox me if you want to learn of a freaky physical trait of mine . ( I already know you won't . I'm just making a point to a cousin of mine . ) 
It's not looking good for 3NK . We are very very very close to putting down the instruments . It's a shame . 
C'mon act like you know . Im always ready for the jokes : What would you get if you crossed the Easter Bunny with an oversterssed person ? An Easter basket case ! How does the Easter Bunny stay fit ? EGG-xercise and HARE-robics ! What is the Easter Bunny's favorite state capital ? Albunny , New York ! How many Easter eggs can you put in an empty basket ? Only one – after that it’s not empty any more ! 
Weekend Wonder : Why don't we ever see this headline : Psychic Wins Lottery ? Why is the man who invests all your money called a ' Broker' ? If you take an Oriental person and spin him around several times , does he become disoriented ? 
Whew ! Sixers scared me for a second . I almost thought they would win the game . But I'm glad the real Sixers showed up down the strech tonight . Those turnovers , fouls , and bad shots are what I am used to seeing . They better stop with this whole " playing actual basketball " 
I guess I'm a writer at heart . I even text " your " or " you're " instead of " ur " . I do use lol and omg though . I even use apostrophes and commas . I capitalize my sentances too . I even write " text " instead of " txt " I understand terminlogy but just don't use it . Shake my head oops I mean smh I'm not normal . 
Ok ok here we go . Now some of you that don't know me well wouldn't understand this weekend wonder but here it is : A little kid asks his father , " Daddy , is God a man or a woman ? " " Both son . God is both . " After a while the kid comes again and asks , " Daddy , is God black or white ? " " Both son , both . " The child returns a few minutes later and says , " Daddy , is Michael Jackson God ? " 
There ya go . Answer that . 
Now that they opened thier gifts , let me tell you what my sisters got from me . I got Desiree " Epic Mickey " and I got Denae three different watches . Each one is purple . I got three because all of her previous watches broke by freak accidents . Now she has something to choose everyday to wear . I love Denae and Desiree . 
Homeschooled fams go through too much crap . I'm taking a stand right now . I'm fed up with it . 
It's my mommy's birthday ! I love my mommy . Mommy is the best . You can write birthday wishes on my wall . Her name is Tiffany and she's the best !!!!!!!!!! YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY ! 
One Final down , 4 to go . School ! Also , I was going to say something meaningful about bin Laden but I realize that Im not much of a serious person . Instead , to match my personality , I will make this comment : Now I need to find me a new hide&seek partner . I wanted him on my team for cops and robbers ( I was a cop ) but he went to the robbers . If you're surprised at my statement ... you need get to know me better . 
I just want you all to know , I'm in love with sarcasm and we have a very healthy relationship . It's just perfect . Sorry ladies but Sarcasm is the one for me ! 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
Dante Nelson ... bored ... 
Funny Friday : A mother and her son were flying TWA from Kansas to Chicago . The son ( who had been looking out the window ) turned to his mother and said , " If big dogs have baby dogs and big cats have baby cats , why don't big planes have baby planes ? " The mother ( who couldn't think of an answer ) told her son to ask the stewardess . ( finish in comments ) 
:'( dont ask . :'( :'( :'( just venting . :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( 
Denae Nelson really set the tone for this one . Im going to write a series of short stories . It's gonna be called " Late Night Stories Told to Denae " . Every once in a while I come in Denae's room 2 or 3 in the morning and tell some " extremely ridiculously impossible to happen in real life " stories . These stories are the ultimate representation of what goes on in my mind on a daily basis .... bwahahaha ! 
" It's a different life view when you're a comedian . Everything's a joke , everything's stupid , everything's fake , everything's phony . " --- Jerry Seinfeld 
And that's how I live baby , yeah ! 
Summary of day : -_- :'( -_- :) took a nap XD 
Aww some of my little cousins are popping up on facebook . <3 And I continue to not age . Amazing . 
Had rehearsal today . We need more people tomorrow morning at around 9 . We need more cast members including Shepherds , an innkeeper , wisemen , a soilder , angels , and King Harod . We had people sign up but no one came tonight . If you signed up , please be at church by 9:30 am on the 18th . The Cantata is going to be great but we need you there . Once again , I'm not giving away any surprises . You just better show up . 
Sixers didn't get swept ... just sayin . 
Good Lord help me . I took 3 finals and got my last 2 tomorrow . Then ... Im done . I dont want to hear about school , smool , fool , drool , bull , and the other junk . 5 classes is enough to say goodbye ! 
Well ... I love you all . Just so you know . I truly care for each of you . GROUP HUUUUUUUG !!!!!! <3 
Can i get a " heyyy " ? Can i get a " whoreee " ? What ? Oh it's just " Ho " ? My bad ... 
Someone asked me why I was so funny today . I told him this : I was bitten by a radioactive comedian and now have turned into the Amazing Comedian ! You think Im kidding ? Someone bit me like 7 years ago dude . No lie . Right on my ear like Tyson . Crazy day . 
Car window doesnt roll down ? Check . AC doesnt work ? Check-no wait ! I think it works ... no . Never mind . Still doesnt work . No money to fix anything ? Check . Projected to be one of the hottest summers in a while ? Check . I almost thought I would have a ventilated car to drive in but WHEW !, I'll be able to burn up instead . Close call . 
I used to be afraid of the dark . Im just glad my skin wasnt so dark . Because ... I would be afraid of myself ...? 
Dante's gettin a new look . His page Dante's Funny World , is getting a change too . Old friends will be deleted and new friends will be made . Mhm it's bout to be on ! 
Lol im sorry for my explosion . Im done with fb . You wont have to deal with those personal statuses anymore . 
Have you ever been frustrated to the point where you walked outside and yelled at the top of your lungs , " IT'S OK TO DANCE WITHOUT PANTS !!! " ? No ? Just me ? Well that's just great . Well I'm proud of what I do . Humph . -__- 
Weekend Wonder part 2 : This is what happens when kids ask questions : 
It happened in the kindergarten class , 
Right at the table where they were having snack . 
Joanie asked the question and they all sat back : 
" Mr. Slater ? Can Santa Claus be black ? " 
( finish in comments ) 
Last day on fb . I would say I'll miss ya but ... I'd be lyin . Bahahahaha ... haha ... ha ... ( sigh ) . Anyhoo , it's for the best if I go . See ya suckers ! Oops I mean ... uh ... hmu !...? 
is in a relationship with comedy . <3 
Yeah <3 Hadassah <3 had a birthday party at her school today . She may just be a godsister but boy she could fit in with the Nelson's just fine . She's 5 years old . But she's not a brother and with soo many sisters , I think I might have to have some sort of competition to determine my top 5 sisters cuz that's the limit I'm looking for . 
Mom threw her back out and Desi is sick . Happy freakin New Year ! I'm kidding . But they are in the previously mentioned pain . Now Dante has to step up his healing game . This family gets bed-ridden almost every month and I'm left to pick up the pieces . I love it ! Love my family . Ironic since people dont want me in thier room and now I have to be in there to help . Bwahahahahahahahaaaaa ! 
Only two more days to live ! What ever shall I do ? But seriously , it doesnt matter when the world ends , ok ? And nobody knows so don't listen to anybody . And whether this weekend or 2012 or whenever else the world ends , there's no reason to get all worked up about this crap if you already know that Heaven is where you'll be when time is up . And that's that . 
Fellow drivers : Obviously , the snow is here . Make sure you drive safe and smart . Make sure you give youself at least an extra 10 minutes of traveling time so you dont have to feel rushed to get to work or whatever . Dont do anything stupid . Take your time . I dont want to lose any of my fb friends in careless car accidents . Love ya and done my lecture . Bye ! 
So I was at choir rehearsal tonight . There was this lady that had a hole in the back of her pants directly at the center of where the crack of her behind would be . Can you say , UH-OH !!!!! ;) 
Fridaaaaaaaaaaaaaay ! Friday is the last day of the famous WTF part of the week so f*ck it and enjoy . Also , there's this kid that goes to my church , 7 or 8 years old . He had a seizure yesturday so keep him in your prayers :'( 
Still in bad mood . I feel kinda worthless . But you know what ? I really don't matter . There are people with bigger problems than me . Ima just suck up my problems and keep on walking . 
I hope we all learned something from yesturday . Some people will call themselves Christians but will say some foolish things . Watch what you hear . More importantly , READ THE BIBLE ! Learn for yourself . Do your own research . I would say more but I'm not wasting anymore time addressing all of this foolishness . 
Happy Valentine's day to Dante Lifeless Nelson . He's such a great guy since he's me . So that means ... I love myself . Yeah ... it's like that . 
Dr. Greg House is insane ! WTH !!? 
I think I have a problem . The 5 year old version of me would cry at anything . ANYTHING ! The 9 year old version would sit there and laugh at me , and the 16 year old version of me would make the most sarcasticly mean jokes about me . What does this mean ? Means I'm pretty much a baby turned beast . Cure ? I just don't know . A future version of me might fix the situation . 
One night , Dante decided to walk in a dark room . The light was in the middle of the room . After destroying his shin and saying things he shouldnt , he turned on the light . Electricity !!!! 
Heart hurts cuz I miss a certain group of people . Uh ... but here's a riddle : I killed one fourth of mankind . Who am I ? 
I made a mistake at foodbank today . I allowed myself to listen to a woman tell a series of short stories that started out with when 3 Nelson Kids would play for foodbank again . In the end , it was about Memorial day and she showed me her red white blue sandles she was wearing . My mistake was looking at her feet . They looked ... my goodness ... my eyes will hate me forever . Nightmares are comin tonight ! 
No I'm just not able to take it anymore . Disney-Pixar movies are just so wonderful . Finding Nemo , Toy Story , Up , Monster's Inc ., and the be getting me . Emotions might get the best of me . Now please note I said Disney-Pixar movies . I actually dont care for regular Disney movies . Almost hate them ( except for Lion King and Aladdin ) . I dont like musicals ... 
Funny Friday ! : The teacher was lecturing on map reading . He spent the class explaining about latitude , longitude , degrees , and minutes . Towards the end of class , he asked his students , " Suppose I asked you to meet me for lunch at 23 degrees , 4 minutes north latitude and 45 degrees , 15 minutes east longitude ... " A student's voice broke the confused silence , and volunteered , " I guess you'd be eating alone , sir . " 
Once you get to that point that you have nothing to live for , no hope , or nothing to lose , you are then able to run through Wal-Mart with no pants on . Or walk so that everybody can get a good look ;) 
Wow next Saturday is Desi's birthday . My little lady'll be 14 . Major changes came to the Nelsons once she was born so we use her age to keep track of the length of time that the change has been in effect . 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately ... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world and they know who they are ? 
Wanna read somethin dirty ? No ? Stop reading then .... ok you made it this far so here we go : Me and my saxophone got into this fight because my sax seems to think that I'm not blowing it's wood hard and often enough for its satisfaction . Ya know what I mean ? ;) 
I told her I was an honest person . She decided to test me . She asks , " Do these pants make my butt look fat ? " I told her yes . She was extremely offended . THe lesson in this is this : Dante Nelson keeps it real . Yet another reason why I shall be single forever . 
I thought people only had up to two arms What is that growing on his face ? A third arm ? Oh ... that's just his nose ... 
Life is good . I'm allergic to apples and peanuts . Apple is my favorite fruit . My favorite snack is peanutbutter covered apples . Life is good . 
It's my sister , Desiree Nelson's birthday today . 14 baby ! If you didn't know before , now you know ! Btw , her birthday is the ONLY birthday I care about in June . All others are below . It's all bout Desi . I love Desi-Nesi and I wanna wish a happy birthday ! <3 <3 <3 <3 
Going to Denae and Desi's dance recital . Denae danced in the first show and she doin the second . Kinda mad cuz now that's less time with Desi . But the day is all bout her , the birthday girl , so if she's happy , im happy . 
Mmmm baby ;) 
Hi everybody . 
Me and Denae are trying to start a project . Quick ! Ideas for a storyline are needed . Ready ? Set ? GO ! ( really let me or Denae know of ideas please ) 
So we're going to foodbank and Im hoping none of the old people ( oops I mean advanced age people ) do not have any problems in this heat . 
Im not sure why Wednesdays are always tough for me , but they are . Gettin real tired of it ! It's hot outside baby ! -_- 
Yeah baby i know the words to " Lady in Red " by heart . Hmu if you want me to sing for ya baby . I would prefer gals to call but if the guys wanna swing that way i guess you'll have to find someone else to sing cuz it's not coming from me ! 
Hey guess what ? My uncle sent us an email saying a cousin of mine commited suicide by standing on the train tracks and letting the trian hit him . Please keep that family in prayer , please . Thanks . 
Desi graduates 8th grade today . I just have to make sure i dont get all emotional and junk . Just had the birthday and the recital and now this ? Desi-Nesi blowin up baby . <3 
And the Month of Desiree continues . She starts a soccer tournament today . 2 games today and 1 game tomorrow . if her team does well enough , they play a 4th game for the championship tomorrow too . but if that happens ; say bye bye to 3NK . Bitter-sweet ? 
Man I feel like talking like Elmo man . Dante is bored . Dante has some good news to share soon . Dante is thinking about bringing " funny of day " jokes back for his loyal fans . Dante thinks he is better than Elmo in every way . Wait ... Dante KNOWS he is better than Elmo ! Yeah ! 
3NK played today at church and I completely stopped breathing while playing the song . So what I'm saying is I think after 11 years of it , I'm officially tired of the Alto Saxophone . Done . 
I guess the real team won tonight . 
I wish I was in Cleveland right now . 
Hi everybody . Love you all ! 
I have my list of priorities for different ministries at church : #1 Children's church #2 Foodbank #3 Ushering and #4 Worship Choir . I would put each of my nipples on a number but then I only have three so the choir wouldn't be able to have one . Too bad . 
I reckon I wanna ride me one of them grass grazin , milk makin cows one of these days . 
I'll bet God talks to Himself since when He talks to Jesus and the Holy Spirit , He's talking to Himself anyway . So there is no problem when I talk to myself because I am two different people . HA ! Take that sweetie . Or I could be crazy . Yeah . That could be it ... 
At Hadassah's graduation . She's moving up from pre-k to k . She's growing up so fast . Love my sister . <3 
Well im at choir but im still trying to figure out what the heck my first post will be for The Sixer Sense . Maybe singing a song will bring something to mind . 
Sean wanted me to expand my writing exposure by joining twitter and following the top sports writers as well as other bloggers from FanSided . So if you're on twitter , you can follow me @Dantewrites . I wont be tweeting much but when I do , it's going to be about writing . Cool ? Cool . 
Ok I've made the decision to stop production on my movie . My heart was not completely in it . Instead , I'm working on a new project . One that matches my personality . 
So I'm not a kid anymore . So what's the deal with Trix cereal ? Would I be in the " silly rabbit " category or are adults part of the kid's thing ? Or maybe it doesn't even matter what adults do ; it's the silly rabbit that gets rejected . I can't even remember the last time I had Trix anyway . In fact , I don't even like Trix that much anyway so why am I even talking about this ? 
Happy Father's Day to Chris Nelson : The man I got my 3 nipples from , the man I got my alto sax playing ability from , the man that has been there for me since I was in mom's belly , the man who's bailed me out of a lot of problems I got myself into , the man who works hard to make me happy and healthy and cared for . Love you daddy ! 
Working on another play . It's called " 2000 And Jesus " . It's a what if scenario of if Jesus came to earth for the first time in the 21st century instead of when he came according to the Bible . He's got a mom ( God's wife ) and a couple other surprises that make it a Dante original ! 
Awesome ! I'm feeling very sad for the past two days and I'm not sure why . But hey ; we all have our down time right ? :) 
If you want live updates on the NBA draft go to " The Sixer Sense " Sean will hook you up . Im at chior rehearsal so im missing some of the draft :'( 
NBA draft was nice . Think the Sixers made the right move at 16 . But now comes the possible lockout . Last lockout ended with the NBA season lasting only 50 games . I want the whole 82 please ! 
Covering the NBA is more hard than I thought . But hey , love it all day . Update : NBA and the Player's Association had a meeting yesterday . Did not end well . The deadline before the lockout is June 30th . They plan to meet next Wednesday so if that doesn't work out ; lockout . I wonder why they can't meet sooner . 
The girls are out of the house today . It's just me mom and dad . We gone party like it's 1991 up until 1994 . Yeaboiiiiii ! ;) ( probably just sit around looking dumb , smh ) 
I probably should eat something . Havent had anything in over 12 hours . This is a bad habit i have . I need to eat more but i never feel like it . <3 Quiznos 
Oh my goodness sperocius it's black history month isn't it ? I forgot . I havn't done anything for this month is years really . Now that I took a black history course last semester , I'm actually thinking about my past . I'll just do something for the month I guess ... or whatever ... 
I just want you all to prepare your news feeds . July 1st begins the July Baby Celebration Month . I'm going to celebrate this month by posting a song for ALL 31 days of July . These songs are some of my favorite songs that I have ever heard . 31 artists . 31 days . Get . Ready . To . Party ! July babies rock !!!!! 
So ... I applied for a writing postion and I got it . And ... it's a paid position so ... it seems that I will be paid to write . I gotta go through traning and stuff . The categories that they gave me to write about is Sports , Business , and Technology . So , kind of excited . It's not going to replace a real job but it's money coming in so it helps . I'm not going to say it's official yet though . Not yet . 
See ? This is why I shouldn't stay up like this . Then I start thinking about things that make I shouldn't . 5+8 = 37 . And I convince myself that that math is correct . And then , in the morning , I'm wondering why I was thinking about these things . Oh well . Some of my better ideas for writing projects pop up during this time . 
I have submitted my first article for review . Hoping they approve it ( no I want them to deny it ! smh ) . My fingers are crossed baby ! 
He who has it doesn't tell it . He who takes it doesn't know it . He who knows it doesn't want it . What is it ? 
It's official , there will be an NBA lockout . :'( Let the boredom begin . 
July Baby Celebration Month Begins ! 
Check out NBA.com . They were not kidding about getting rid of any mention of any NBA player . I'ts completely changed . Even has more of an WNBA feel . Smh 
Finished my second article . I'm hoping more people read . More readers = More $$$ . 
I encourage you to read my post " Being thrifty in the poor economy " I've go some advice in there as to how we can wise up with out money . It's the accounting student in me talking . 
Minnesota is in the middle of a Government shutdown . Preparing an article . 
Hey everyone ; do your research . The NBA lockout is a different look this time . From all the info I have recieved , the owners are a big reason for the lockout , not the players . It's a shame . I wouldn't put much blame on the player's greed since it's coming from the owners . 
Crack me up how when an animal goes crazy people say " I can't believe it . Why would he do that ? He's been trained but he just snapped . " Hey guess what ? They're animals . How can you be surprised when they act like it ? You really can't believe that the tiger tore off your arm after you beat it with a stick ? And then they have to be put down even though it's their natural way of life to DEFEND themselves from harm . Sad . 
I should be sleep but Wanda Sykes is too funny . 
I wrote two articles today . One was about Facebook , Skype , and the leading music streaming company in Europe . The second one is about South Korea and the 2018 olympics . Links comin soon buddy . 
Yao Ming retired . Aww man . 
Ever heard of a singing group called " Boyz in the Sink " ? Not kidding they are one of my favorite groups of all time . Look them up ;) 
I love it when grandma threatens to kick someone's ass . And yes ... it is a quote . Im such a chip off the old block too . 
VBS is like a family thing . Got my godsister and two little cousins in my class . I'll try not to play favorites but c'mon ... is that really possible ? Smh <3 
VBS was so nice today . One of the little boys gave me a Veggie Tales sticker of Jimmy and Jerry ( yeah I know the names still ) and one of the girls painted me a picture . Awww thanks kiddies ! 
Hey this little girl at VBS said " I only play catch with Dante cuz he my best friend . " See , me and her were playing catch and a boy wanted to play too . She just held on to the ball and would not give it to that poor boy , while repeating that quote over and over . And I got another picture from the same girl as Wednesday . Didn't think I was that special . :) Pizza party tonight ! 
I played a song with my godsister on Thursday . It went great . There is potential . I think it has come down to this : I think either she will eventually join 3 Nelson Kids or 3NK will just shut down . I'm thinking 2012 will be our last year but I haven't talked to the girls yet to see what they think . One of these events will happen though . 
Both me and Dante Lifeless Nelson are getting messages from hot girls ( yeah they look hot ok ? ) Anyway , I'm not interested in being friends with a pair of breasts ( seriously some of the profile pics are just tits ) . I'm more of a personality type of guy . Yeah . But i guess there are some guys that are only interested in that . Smh my sisters are NOT peices of candy ! 
I guess I better start thinking about how to celebrate my birthday ! I have nothing planned . Smh . Last year I stayed up all 24 hours of my day ( my own tradition since 2004 ) But this year , since it's a Sunday , I'll just do church and maybe go bowling . I like icecream cake too . Hint hint ... 
Jesus loves me , this I know . For the Bible tells me so . 
God made you very special and He loves you very much --- Bob the Tomato . 
Smh i wanna sleep but too much crap is on my mind . Crazy . 
Alright so me and Dante Lifeless Nelson are having a contest to see who gets more birthday wishes on their wall ( from our mutual friends of course ) make sure you only write on my wall . Thanks ! 
Curb Your Enthusiasm , Hell's Kitchen , and Degrassi . The rest of my summer's looking gooood . 
Obviously , the guy who attacked Rupert Murdoch went to clown college . 
Ive been on twitter for quite some time now . I prefer fb but that's me babe . Twitter has good qualities too though . 
I talked with the girls concerning 3NK . We're gonna think about 3 possibilities : #1 Change the name of the group to match our age . #2 End the group in 2012 #3 Train our godsister in the ways of piano which would lead us back to #1 . Any ideas ? 
Wow I didn't think this could happen but I have officialy run out of funny things to say . I'm burnt out . :'( I guess I'll completely lose my sense of humor on Sunday . Unfortunate . 
One of the strangest things about being accepted to Wilmington U was that I did not even recall sending an app for admission . That letter came as a complete surprise . Oh well , I'm not complaining . 
Praise God !!!! 
Birthday boy is goin bowling . Is that a nickname ? Triple B ? I am the Triple B : Bowling Birthday Boy . That's niiiice . 
Hey it's your Triple B ! Got my turkey while bowling cuz im like that . Beat my dad twice ( and that's almost impossible ) Triple B working ! 
Oh thanks for taking the time to write on my wall for the birthday . You didnt have to , especially with all the nonsense I be talkin bout . Love ya and I shall thank each individual post ... eventually ... sometime after midnight ... yeah that works . 
Yay told ya I would give my thanks . Thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes . The age of 20 was not on my mind 6 years ago , meaning I did not think I would survive to this day . I finally believed it yesterday . That's a deep story to talk about another day . Thanks again <3 ! 
Yay I got some good news . I just realized I could save a bunch of money by switching to Geico ! But that's not my news . My news is that I never was losing money since I have no money ! That's good ... right ? 
Sorry everyone ... never heard of Clarissa Explains It All . Just waiting for Doug ... 
Ha I forgot about the two " Dougs " from Nick and Disney . 
Hey I hope your day was a blessing . I really do . 
:) I'm a head usher in training at church now , and it hasnt even been a year yet . My first day on the job is this Sunday as I will be the acting head usher for the youth when they usher for service . Like my boy Spongebob says : Iiiiiiii " m ready ! 
I'm sitting here looking at this cinnamon gum wondering if I should chew a piece or not . I could be using this time in a more productive way like play a video game , go pee , or maybe even look up funny stuff on the web . 
I never seen a tornado face to face until last night . As much as i wanted to be scared , i had to be a big brother and keep my cool for my sisters since we were the only people in the house . I hope we got the worse of the storm . I have to admit , it's a fasinating sight ; a tornado . 
It seems after talking to a few people and driving around , just a small amount of people were affected by the tornado . That's good news . We're all fine . Last year a tree fell right on the house but this time it was ok . I'm just tired from all that stress but I'm still gonna go to church ( oh yeah ! ) Uh ... goodnight then ( comment or " like " so I know I'm not dead please ? thanks ) 
I'm annoying . I fully accept this fact now . 
Last time i heard thunder ; a tornado hit the house . Not cool . 
End of writer's block = Facebook fast . Let's do it . 
Like the profile pic ? Of course you do . Now you'll know when I'm on a facebook fast ! I feel my time on fb is slowing my writing process right now so I gotta do this . I'll only be on since Skyword wants me to share content I write on social sites ( that's why I'm on twitter and soon Google Plus ) . Other than that , you won't hear from me . I've got a play , to work on as well as work in general . Bye :) 
Finished ACT I of my play " 2000 And Jesus " . There's three ACTs in all . My notifications have blown up since my fast . I won't be checking them till the fast is over . Whenever I finish my writing projects is when the fast ends . But let me know if you wanna read the play . I'll hook you up . 
Alright so during my fast I have completed the first act of my play , wrote 6 blogposts , and 2 news articles plus the notes for 3NK . That's productive for me . All since Tuesday . Now that i've caught up on my writing , Im ending the fb fast ... for now . I do plan on pumping out a couple more articles this weekend though . Gotta get that $$$ ! 
I am now a victim of Late-Night-Thoughts-Keeps-You-Awake Disorder . This happens too often but while I'm awake I might as well try and find a cure . Drugs ? Warm milk ? Death ? Trick my mind into playing Simon-Says and say " Simon Says go to sleep " ? Hmmm ... 
Wow not even two months on the job and my manager has already recommended me for a promotion . XD $$$ 
If you read my lastest note you'll see what I'm about to do here . It's the beginning of PAW which stands for Parent Appreciation Week ( and if you grew up without parents , maybe you could do GAW which is Guardian Appreciation Week ) . Anyway , all week my statuses will be about parents . 
It's not only children who grow . Parents do too . As much as we watch to see what our children do with their lives , they are watching us to see what we do with ours . I can't tell my children to reach for the sun . All I can do is reach for it , myself . ~ Joyce Maynard ( That's what I see with both of my parents in school . Dad got his degree a few years ago and mom is currently in school now ) 
PAW : If you have never been hated by your child you have never been a parent . ~ Bette Davis ( Yes they've gotten on my nerves , probably never hated them but still ... ) 
PAW : Don't handicap your children by making their lives easy . ~ Robert A . Heinlein ( Oh dont worry , by this quote , my life was not easy . They taught me how to do many things for myself . They taught me how to be independant instead of doing everything for me . ) 
A war started today . I had a talk with a WU person and she had such a terrible attitude . I want to make a comment to degrade her but she all the work for me . She also told me that I could not go to WU . Really ? Im generally a nice guy but Im not afraid to kick you in the shin . It's time she and WU saw what I can do . Dont piss me off cuz ima fight back . :) 
PAW : Your children tell you casually years later what it would have killed you with worry to know at the time . ~ Mignon McLaughlin . ( I've been doing this recently haha ) 
PAW : Sing out loud in the car even , or especially , if it embarrasses your children . ~ Marilyn Penland ( thanks alot dad ... ) 
Oh great :,( Tuesday will be better . 
PAW : A parent's love is whole no matter how many times divided . ~ Robert Brault 
Well the week keeps getting better . Laptop charger decided to not work today and the laptop finaly ran out of juice . I did see this coming and already ordered a new charger a few days ago . Good times . Good times . 
PAW : I have no favorites when it comes to my parents . Both give certain qualities that I need . Both parents are important and though I believe that single parents can do a good job , it's not the ideal situation to be in . Dante Nelson . 
PAW : If you want your children to improve , let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others . ~ Haim Ginott ( I dont know if they let me overhear , but Ive gotten boosts of confidence from the good things I hear about myself ) 
PAW : I need my mom , no matter what age I am ...... My Mom has made me laugh ... wiped my tears ... hugged me tight ... watched me succeed ... saw me fall ... cheered me on ... kept me going strong ... and drove me a little crazy at times ! But , my Mom is a promise from God , that I will have a best friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom ! ? 
So ... this week has been a ride . Um ... this week took me in the closet and had its way with me . And I just took it . :( I'm hoping next week will will be better . Did some serious thinking about myself . From now on no more jokes . Haha im kidding ; you know Ima still be a clown ;) But seriously this week was tough . 
PAW : I don't believe professional athletes should be role models . I believe parents should be role models .... It's not like it was when I was growing up . My mom and my grandmother told me how it was going to be . If I didn't like it , they said , " Don't let the door hit you in the ass on your way out . " Parents have to take better control . ~ Charles Barkley 
PAW : As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices : take it , or leave it . ~ Buddy Hackett 
PAW : Character is largely caught , and the father and the home should be the great sources of character infection . ~ Frank H . Cheley 
News flash ! I just figured out how I want to die . It's the perfect scenario . I'm ready buddy . Oh and im not even kidding . 
Yeah took me a nice nap son . Feeling all fresh and junk . Some big things coming this week honey . Mmmmmm yeah it's bout to be on ! 
I'm not going to waste your time with a corny status . Instead , I'm going to waste your time with a status that claims it wont waste your time . O.o 
I could spend hours trying to think of the perfect status that has some humor and yet can give you a different approach in life . But hey ... 
TGIM ! Eh ... guess it only works for Friday ... 
Hmm ... probably should've gone to bed . Now Im stuck . I cant sleep all day but im starting to feel tired . Great job Nelson . Great job . 
I really need to get out of my shell . I should just go to the next party I hear about and party so hard my great grandkids will feel the hangover . 
I just love my dad in the kitchen man . Love it . It's always an adventure . 
Yeah ! It's about that time again . Actually , it's shell time . It's the time in my life where I just don't feel like talking to anybody . Cool right ? So enjoy your quiet time since I wont be bothering anybody anytime soon . :) Let's get it on ;) 
Im like a really proud brother right now man . My sister finished in the top 15 for the " National American Miss " beauty pageant for the state of New Jersey and qualifies for the national title in Hollywood . That girl is something special ! 
Slowing de-personalizing my profile . 
Everybody be cool . I felt the quake too but let's get real here : It was almost nothing ; especially when you consider where the epicenter was . They had a real earthquake . Let's just all calm down ok ? Gosh . It really could have been worse . A lot . Worse . 
Dang I just do some really stupid things . I should have a weekly post of the stupid things I do . I know how to laugh at myself . It could be called " Saturday Stories of Stupidity " . How's that ? Stupid ? Boy I hope so . 
My household is going through something hard right now . It's times like these where I have to remember that not all of my family will stab us in the back the way " she " did . Still feeling the effects of that crap . Pissed , sad , thankful , all at the same time . Complicated . 
Dang ... my body said no sleep tonight . And I have a long day today . But this is what I was born for baby . No wait ... I did have a 15 minute nap at about 11pm last night . That will get me through . Yay . 
Great start to the long day . Got my books and ready for school on Thursday ( no im not . summer's gone too soon ) . I do regret not being able to sleep all night though . Im so tired right now i could get shot and not even feel it . You could electracute me and I wouldnt feel it till 2018 . My goodness . 
I would hope nobody is living in fear of Irene . It could and probably will be bad but when you personally know the most powerful force in the universe you tend not to be scared as much as you could be . God doesn't want us to live in a spirit of fear . That being said , Im going to be prepared for the worst . If you're feeling a bit nervous and uneasy , visit Dante's Funny World for some hurricane jokes . I'll be posting today and tomorrow ( cant promise Sunday since I may lose internet access ) . 
Hey Abundant Life Fellowship members ! Both church services for Sunday , August 28 , 2011 are cancelled due to the approach of hurricane Irene . Spread the word to other members and check abundantlife.org for more details ( like signing up to receive notices for events like this ) 
Do not call during the hurricane . It's advised you only text . 911 calls or other emergencies are the exception . And wait till after the hurricane to check up on loved ones if you're going to call them . Read the 3 links on my wall that I posted earlier . More tips in there . 
There's been a few reports of deaths from the hurricane . Why ? Being outside . Stay indoors and away from your windows . It probably won't be windy enough ( at least where I live ) to blow your windows out but debris could still fly in through the window ( in fact , an 11 year old died when a tree branch came in . ) Rebuttal : Only about 3500 people have died from hurricanes in the U.S. since 1940 . Just be smart and you have a chance . 
Tornado ? Oh ok good . I was afraid my August would only include an earthquake and hurricane . Everything is better in 3's! 
Wth and wtf ? Dad just left for work . Irene if you mess with my dad ima f you up . 
FB ticker ! Now you know exactly when you friends do anything . So easy to stalk . Love it love it loooooove iiiiiiiit ! <3 
Oh dear . I think I'm a robot . Darn . Now I must find my destiny . 
Who is that girl with me in my profile pic ? That's one of the top 15 most beautiful girls in New Jersey ( in the age range of under 10 ) . That's my sister baby ! <3 
I'm going to be blowing up your feed on the 30th and the 31st of this month . Why ? HOW SWEET THE SOUND !!!!!! The voting for the competition will end on the 31st so you gotta vote . For who ? Abundant Life Fellowship Church ! Yes they are in a great position to win this thing and some big $$$$ so go to " howsweetthesound.com " and vote . They are in the Washington D.C. region . 
BCC starts back up today . Not for me though . Tomorrow is my first day . Im so excited :'( 
Ok well all month you will be introduced to my lovely 3rd sister , Hadassah . She's a cutie . 
Dang school is gonna be a trip this semester ! And ive only had two of my four so far . 
Dance . 
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a dehumidifier ... I put them in the same room and let them fight it out . Then I filled my humidifier with wax , and now my room is all shiny . 
I bought a self-learning record to learn Spanish . I turned it on and went to sleep ; the record got stuck . The next day I could only stutter in Spanish . 
I can remember the first time I had to go to sleep . Mom said , " Dante , time to go to sleep . " I said , " But I don't know how . " She said , " It's real easy . Just go down to the end of tired and hang a left . " So I went down to the end of tired , and just out of curiosity I hung a right . My mother was there , and she said " I thought I told you to go to sleep . " 
I'm preparing something 9/11ny . It's a debate on a possible overreaction of the attacks . Yeah I know that sounds crazy but there possibly was an overreaction . Sigh ... ever since school started I feel just ... bad . So bad . :( no wait :'( yeah . 
I'm done with school . Screw it . I dont even care anymore . I don't know what it is . Ive just grown tired of the bull-sh ... well I'm just tired . Im usually looking forward to it but this semester feels so bad and it's only been one day of classes . Maybe give it some time I guess . 
You know that " Old Navy " commercial that is being run in the hole ? It just so happens that the song they're playing is one of my favorites . I ... just ... love it . Also , I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day because that means it's going to be up all night . Like right now . Stupid foot ! 
I would like to apologize to all of my cousins . And I cannot , will not , explain why right now . Just trust me when I say I will always love you . 
I was having a nightmare at UPS . To help me get over it , I wrote those notes . Perhaps I should consider doing the same for BCC too . Perhaps . 
Hadassah started school today <3 Hope she has a better attitude than me . She's growing up so fast . 
Sunday : Offended a friend . Monday : Frustrated my mom . Tuesday : For some reason , I decide to randomly put my car in park after pulling up to the red light . Then I try to accelerate for about 4 seconds before I realize why I wasn't moving . Great week so far Dante . You're such a great member of society . 
A bit later today , I'm going to post on my blog , as well as write a note about a possible overreaction to the 9/11 attacks . My grandmother was born on 9/11 and has shown full support on what I'm going to be talking about . I think it's going to be an intresting read . It's something many people have not talked about alot . It's not going to be some crazy emotional ride ; I can promise that . 
Yeah I never was gonna drop out of school . But I am done with it . Done . My grades will most likely suffer . Im just going to make sure I memorize the material and take my exams . A " C " is fine with me . I've already been accepted to a couple of schools ; one of them sent me back to grab a few other courses from BCC . That's it . If Im asked " how's school Dante ? " My answer will either be " I don't know " or " I don't care " . And that's that . 
Yesterday I saw a chicken crossing the road . I asked it why . It told me it was none of my business . 
In life you easily glide ; with God on your side . Yuck . Ok here's one : Evil can never flood ; cuz you're covered in Jesus ' blood . Uh ... ok what about this : I'm filled with God's power ; every single hour ! Ok that was good . Nah , just ok . Yeah . It was ok . 
Today is Friday right ? It just doesnt feel like a Friday . How do you " feel " a day of the week anyway ? It's Tuesday . 
Any closet is a walk-in closet if you try hard enough . 
If a word in the dictionary were misspelled , how would we know ? ( ok we can agree I have no life ) 
Last week the candle factory burned down . Everyone just stood around and sang Happy Birthday . " But no one knew who's birthday it was so nobody blew out the candles . 
Let me write on your wall . 
Denae just finished a cake . I'm bout to gain me a couple of pounds . I should start baking again ... I started before her ! Lol . Good times . 
Happy birthday to my Grandmother aka " Mikki " Her name's Lucille ... Anyway , most of my insane commentary comes from her so if you've met me ; you've most likely met her . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 Yeah you're gonna have to guess her age cause Im not telling :p 
My facebook pages : I Think Dante Is Cool !, I Am A Great Woman of God , I Am A Great Man of God , Dante's Funny World , and 3 Nelson Kids have all the same message : Let's take time to remember the victims of the 9/11 attacks . 
Let's face it : We're going to drown in all of this rain . Meanwhile , Texas is as dry as my skin after a long hot shower . TMI ? Probably . Do I care ? Nah . 
Hey all , I'm writing for STACK Media . They're a magazine geared towards athletes . So , they just started it up and to write for them was invite only . I got invited so I'm one of a few writers there . This program is a branch of Skyword . Just more chances to get $$$ . They are always looking for new writers . If you have a desire to write , let me know . There are many types of programs to write for ; for any type of subject . 
Why is my " study buddy " not able to speak english ? Why has he not been to class all of last week ? Why can't I ever have someone who's breath doesn't smell like a man who got sprayed by a skunk and then fell into a dumpster full of vomit ? Why am I always the one everybody assumes would know everything about school ; like I work there or something ? Why are all of these questions coming from only one class ? Why is this status asking questions that none of you fb friends can answer ? 
Great so Two and a Half Men and House are both coming on TV Mondays at 9 . I've got a tough decision to make . I do have Comcast so I can watch the other show On Demand . Still , which show to watch first ? I'm leaning towards House though since it's a whole hour . 
Just one of those days . I'm not acting like a normal person . I'm drinking my Dr. Pepper and I must have not closed my mouth because the Dr. Pepper spilled all over me . Oh yeah ... it was in the middle of class . Take the " cl " off of " class " and that's what I was . Dante is just slowly going down hill . 
I might get in on this " LinkedIn " stuff . Waiting for Google+ to open their doors for more people to join . I'm not a social person ; just need more viewers for my articles . We'll see . 
If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flipper , which one would you think liked dolphins the most ? I'd say Flipper , wouldn't you ? You'd be wrong , though . It's Hambone . 
I really picked the wrong time to not care for school . I'm taking Cost Accounting , Intermediate Accounting , Macroeconomics and U.S. History . That's not good . And I still do not care . :) 
Wow I'm looking at my feed and I swear 5 straight statuses of my friends either talking about how long the day was or how long the night will be . Amazing . Good jobs guys :) 
I had 241 friends at the start of the week . Now it's hovering around 238 . I must have been too much for a few people huh ? Looks like Ima have to change my personality to try to win back people because I'm ever so desperate to have friends . Haha I'm kidding ... Ima be me . :) 
If a kid asks where rain comes from , I think a cute thing to tell him is " God is crying . " And if he asks why God is crying , another cute thing to tell him is " probably because of something you did . " 
Reports are saying that two NBA owners are just about the single reason why the NBA Labor talks took a bad turn . There was almost an agreement until these two owners opened their mouths . It's stuff like this that make me side with the players more and more . Oh well . 
We all have goals . We all make plans to reach our goals . Plan A , Plan B and so on . But if you reach Plan Z and still can't reach your goals , it may be time to let it go . Seriously . I've gotten as far as to make a Plan T before I finally succeeded . Unless there are more than 26 letters in the Alphabet ? I just learned the original version ! Haha ok well I'm done with that . ( great now I'm humming the ABC's song -_-) ENJOY YOUR NIGHT PEOPLE !!!! ( caps lock off ) 
It's that " Late Night Talk " man . You can do all things through Christ who strengthens you . Boom baby . 
I'm not alive . I'm a zoombie . I've died 3 times from laughing . Don't ask me how I came back . 
Ok w ... tf ? FB keeps changing ! Stop it ! Please . 
Give it a couple weeks and Facebook is just going to throw its hands in the air and become Geocities -- Andrew Lynch . 
Ok I guess I don't really hate the fb changes . But c'mon ... what was wrong with the layout before ? Time to have a talk with Mr. Z ... 
I run a few fb pages . I gotta say ... there are changes there too . 
It's hard for me to make friends . But once I make one , I'm extremely loyal to them . But if they backstab me , I'm not easily swayed to accept that person in my life again and I usualy shut them out . I ALWAYS have my family's back as well , but there is a limit even for them . Dang . 
This guy on XFactor is showing is nuts all over the place . WTF !? 
I'm suppose to have something done for school tomorrow . " instructor " says if I don't bring my rough draft of my paper , I'm not going to be able to stay in class . And my response to that statement is I really don't care . I don't have a rough draft for a paper that is due late October because of my other assignments that I'm concerned with that are due tomorrow . I will be kicked out of class early . Plain and simple . And I will be liking my own status . 
If you want to be a fb stalker , that " ticker " on the side really helps you out . You know when some " likes " something and comments on everything . You already can tell about the profile pic change and who the person is friends with , but now you know even sooner . Kinda creepy ... Then the subcribers thingy . Sheesh . But it's all good baby . Aaaaaaaallllll good ! 
Facebook fast . Be back whenever . 
Hey so I'm going to be doing some academic work on Sunday and Monday . Do not talk to me . I am going to be going through social withdrawal . All sent messages , texts , emails etc will be responded to Monday night or Tuesday at the earliest . Love ya and bye ! :) 
Facebook Fast is over ! But my week is looking busy . But I'm in a strangely good mood . 
I'm going to be spending most of my Facebook time on my pages . Once the pages are of even greater quality , most of my statuses will originate from the pages . Some of the things you'll be getting are jokes , scripture , and news articles I write . Basically you'll be getting a nice mix of content from my pages . 
