Ish very tired 
Is getting sick of hearing about New Moon already 
I haven't been on here in forever o.O 
Hates Arguing 
Likes chocolate and all of it's choclatey goodness 
My cat stole my chair 
I hate stubbing my toes D: 
My earing/ear got stuck in the spiraly phone cord . I'm still stuck D: 
needs good music . anyone have any suggstions ? 
Ricola , you're my favorite thing right now 
Stupid cold , go away . 
I have the flu .... 
is still sick , and not going to school 
I wanna lose 15 pounds . 
I miss Sarah Fakhoury more than she misses me . 
And that is all :] 
I want ice . In all the streets tomorrow morning . 
Thank you . 
Helping out at a homeless shelter tonight :) excitement 
I think it's funny how I start the weekend with so many plans with people . 
But then no one seems to follow through , or cars don't work . 
Oh poo . 
Rawr . 
I can't get myself motivated . At all . 
Sometimes people add me and I'm like o.O You know me how ? 
Drove a manual today . :] 
No telling what tomorrow holds . 
Who let , who let this feeling die , when all I did was try ? 
Who let , you let this feeling die , 
I can't get you out of my head , my head . 
You're the flame that burns me so I know that I'm still alive . 
Three hours of sleep is not enough . 
GR . 
I give myself a billion points . 
YESSSS 
I've rediscovered Bayside in all its glory . 
I think I'm in love 
" Religions are like penises . It's cool if you have one . Even if you are proud of it and show it off a little . But it's not okay for you to shove it down my thoat . I dont think it's right to judge people or force your opinions on them " 
I SEE NO SNOW . 
So stop telling me there is some . 
I think I want straight hair . 
Too hard to compete with all the straightness . 
Yes no school :] 
Dear snow , I love you so much . I just need to know why you lead me on so much . 
Sincerely , Thinks you're kind of rude . 
See one beetle , and now i'm all twitchy because I feel like EVERYTHING is crawling on me . 
ew . 
It's 50 degrees in this house and our heater is broken . ahaha . awesome . 
Gonna go for a run 
Yaaayyyyy :] 
Lookin at a car today . C : 
So Whats your opinion on Chevy's ? 
Ya know , the car . 
Maybe I won't talk to anyone for a few days . 
I wonder how easy that would be C : 
How about there just be no school tomorrow . 
Oh , if I was head of the place that decides that . That would be GLORIOUS . 
Loves senaida 
By your patience , No . My stars shine darkly over me ; the malignancy of my fate might , perhaps , distempter yours ; therefore I shall crave of you your leave that I may bear my evils alone . It were a bad recompense for your love to lay any of them on you . 
-Shakespeare , Twelfth Night 
And my friends were like " Whatever , 
you'll find someone better , his eyes are way too close together 
and we never even liked him from the start . 
And now he's with that tart . 
Apparently i havent updated this since monday . Oh hey look , i updated it :) 
I like how my cat gets into my garbage and throws it EVERYWHERE . 
Haha , She's so cute ... 
I got out of the shower , went to wipe off my face and a beetle crawled off the towel onto my face . 
TAKING ANOTHER SHOWER NOW . 
Is a confusing person . I tend to confuse myself , too . 
Amazing the things I do . 
" You're not as brave as you were at the start 
Rate yourself and rake yourself , 
Take all the courage you have left 
Wasted on fixing all the problems 
That you made in your own head " Mumford and Sons is pretty amazing . And don't tell me that they aren't , because I will not care . 
Made brownies for me mothers birthday . 
:] 
I'm bored sooo 
like this and ill tell you what the TRUTH IS about you :) 
Just watched all the episodes of Skins . 
Noowww I'm off to bed ! :] 
" You know , you're kind of pretty when your face doesnt mess it up " 
I enjoy coral :) 
I'm nootttt going to school today . 
That awkward moment when you realize the guy you think is really hot is gay . 
AWESOME . 
Argumentative essay , You can go suck it . 
I just misspelled a word so badly , not even spell check knew what I was talking about . 
I feel so smart C : 
" And , this , is my brain 
It's torturous analytical thoughts 
Make me go insane 

And I use mouthwash 
Sometimes I floss 
I got a family 
And I drink cups of tea " 
I find it awkward when people put themselves down then call me pretty . 
You're pretty too . So shush . 
Just got back from hanging out with Bailey Marie-Anne Anderson 
I love herrrr 
Tell me the first word that comes to your mind . 
Who wears short shorts ? :D 
I don't , I prefer not to have my crotch almost showing . 
ASLDKFJADSLKFJADSKLFJ ; ADSLKFJ 
I just rammed my head into a hook that hangs clothes . 
My head hurts >.< 
Going to go read " A Yellow Raft in Blue Water " 
This book doesn't sound entertaining . They could at least pick good books for reading assignments . 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? Jesse Spero , Collin Todd , Samantha Howell , Maria Coleman , Jose Mabie 
I think I'm alright :] 
I feel like writing . I just can't put anything down on a page . 
Well , what a bummer . 
I am happy . 
I am very , very happy . 
Coral . 
Please Tell me why I woke up with " I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts " stuck in my head . 
Haha , I hope this week goes by quickly . 
That moment when you're dancing to the song in your head , and you notice people are looking at you strangely . 
Stupid coconuts . 
If I say no to you it most likely doesn't mean yes . 
Don't push it . 
Long day . 
My bed beckons me . 
Loneliness 
Or should we say something more ? 
Oceans arise 
Washing over me 
Cold company 
Dark shades of harmony 
Chasing the lies no one believes 
Who says we die ? 
Before we live 
I promise you walls of grace 
to carry on 
When we're lost 
We'll find a way 
-Shiny Toy Guns , I Promise You Walls . 
I can honestly say that I despise Algebra 2 . 
Brittani Maddoux I felt like putting this here . I hope your birthday was wonderful <3 I miss you lady . 
Like this and I'll tell you why I haven't punched you in the face yet :] 
Bed . How I love thee . 
Goodnight ! 
Noticed I have paint in my hair from the preschoolers this morning . And on my pants , my shirt , my sock and my shoes . 
Thank god it's washable . 
All my friends make me so happy <3 
I love all of ya . 
If you poach snow leopards eggs , they will all die . 
That is all . 
Playing starwars legos with a 7 year old is my kind of friday night 
" You have to let go of me so you can go to bed " 
" No ! Never ! " 
" Oh , and why not ? " 
" I don't want you to leave .... " 
That was the sweetest thing any kid has EVER said to me . 
Is hanging out with Sarah Fakhoury today C : 
Worst thing to say when you're mad at someone ? 
Whatever , or grow up . 
It makes YOU sound childish . 
So glad I have Brittani Maddoux Tonight . 
I just rammed my hip into my bedpost and I was wreathing on the floor in pain . 
Then my lovely cat ran to see if I was okay . 
ahahaha . I feel like such a dweeb 
Going to go see Red Riding Hood :D 
Hey mom , where do you think I got my attitude from ? 
You . 
Need to clean Need to clean need to clean . 
I DON'T WANT TO . 
I need to do something . 
Who wants to hang tomorrow ? 
Apparently I remind Tess Zibulsky of her grandmother . 
YAY 
Jesse Spero is my favoritest guy eva . 
I'm awake . 
Kinda , not really 
Good day with Brittani Maddoux , Andria Ghahramani , Shane Munsey and Andrew Simpson . 
We need to do that more :] 
I just set my language to upside down . 
This is cool 
Maybe if I didn't go to bed at 4 in the morning I wouldn't be tired . 
Ha , what a thought 
Watching the UK Skins . 
I lovveeee eet 
My eye lid keeps on twitching 
MAKE IT STOP 
When I'm older , I will have a child named Stacey . 
That way I shall be Stacey's mom , and I will have it going on 
Is monday an A or B day ? 
I've had a headache since last night 
And at this point I just really want it to go away 
People these days . 
I really don't want to deal with anything anymore , ya know ? I might just go live under a rock like in those Geico Commercials . 
Sounds freakin DANDY to me . 
I need a hug . 
Please and thank you 
Like this and nothing will happen . 
Try it , I'm not a lion . 
My alarm clock didn't go off . 
BUT I WOKE UP :D 
3 cousins coming over . 
I'm tired . 
WOOPWOOP 
Follow me on tumblr ? 
Alisonomlette.tumblr.com 
My grandma says ' warsh ' instead of wash . Great . 
Flu ..... GO AWAY . 
Not going to school again today . 
Listening to Michael Buble and painting my nails . 
Oh , happy almost birthday Kimberly Yonker <3 :] 
for some odd reason I just picture my cat having laser eye vision . 
and it was FANTASTIC 
What do polygamists say on their relationship statuses ? D: 
So . I have home work . 
Do I want to do it ? no , not really . 
I need to , though . 
BAH . 
Eatin teddy grams on a bench with a 7 year old 
TEDDY GRAMS ARE SO ADDICTING . 
seriously . I'm not weird 
" Why did you call " 
" Your voice makes me happy " 
" oh .... that's weird " 
* hangs up phone * 
BAAHHHHHHH 
Describeme in ONE word , using the THIRD letter of you're name . This is fun . Answer me and then copy as you're status and see what people say about you . 
I'm not crazy , I'm just a little impaired 
I know , right now you don't care 
But soon enough you're gonna think of me 
And how I used to be , me 
I'm talkin ' to myself in public , dodging glances on the train 
And I know , I know they've all been talkin ' about me 
I can hear them whisper , and it makes me think 
There must be somethin ' wrong with me 
Out of all the hours thinkin ' , somehow I've lost my mind 
I can't walk on my left leg . Wow , i'm such a klutz . I walk into my bed and hurt myself this bad . 
WOOP 
Is always tired . 
Woo . 
I just realized that I really don't wanna turn old . 
Chillin with Sarah Fakhoury :] we're gonna see Jora Lenae Beck Wheeless tomorrow :D 
I hope you choke on every word you spoke when you were screaming at me . 
And realize how many times I've tried , but that's wishful thinking . 
All I want is an apology for what you did and how you treated me 
. Get me far away , or at least as far as this car will take me . 
I want my own theme music as I walk , just so I can sound more epic . 
Q . Why did the banana split ? A . Because he saw the apple turn over 
Why is google Topeka now ? 
Thai food <3 
All about how you said you love me 
You miss me terribly 
Well , I don't buy that at all 
What am I gonna do about this situation at hand ? 
My paranoia is starting to kick in 
A busy signal is all I ever hear 
We used to talk a lot , but now she's seems to disappear 
Is stressed . 
Needs a really nice back massage 
Anyone up for killing geometry ? 
I didn't know that we have a half day tomorrow . Go figure . 
2 !!!!! My gosh , you make my days a lot a bit brighter . You're crazy like me , and that's why we get along so well . We really do need to hang out . 
I just hit my knee reeeaallyyy hard on my bedpost . 
OWWW 
Why do I even bother ? 
Hates how people change . 
It's kinda sorta retarded 
does not want to be awake . 
jack·ass 
a contemptibly foolish or stupid person ; dolt ; blockhead ; ass . 
Like this if you're sick . 
Because i feel like poop , and was wondering if anyone else did too 
apple cinnamon tea <3 
Ew , I hate people that reek of arrogance 
Is watching Dexter season one on netflix . 
I've never seen this before 
77 ! baha i've known you for years . 
I'm pretty sure you know every personal detail of my life . that kinda freaks me out BUUTTT 
i love yous ! 
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY PEOPLE TYPE IN ALL CAPS , ALL THE TIME . 
IT MAKES ME FEEL LIKE YOU'RE YELLING AT ME . 
and that makes me sad D: 
Beat Shank with Eddie Erickson . i feel badass 
Tired >.< 
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive , caring , and good-looking ? Because those men already have boyfriends . 
Dad : I like your hair curly , It makes you look like a lion . 
Is that a good thing ? x ] 
I learned today : I love making people feel awkward , candy and people i can laugh with 
I hate ? People with fake chainsaws . 
Run run run 
You're= you are 
Your = Ownership of 
I don't know why It bugs me so much when people get that wrong :P 
Cann you feeeel the looovveee toniggghhtt 
Mickey's coming hommee today <3 
Do you really know me ? What is my full name , nickname , birthday , favorite color , best friend ? Post this as your status and see who really knows you . 
696969moo 
You're funny ! I don't know you that well , but you seem pretty cool . 
and moo isn't a number , you noob . 
you're so gay , and you don't even like boys . 
Summer needs to come here faster :] 
So say you'll watch over me 
When I'm in too deep 
Tell me you'll always be 
There to pull me free 
Wonderfulwonderfulwonderful 
Well I saw a king drown himself in a creek 
Just to tell her ... But when he was gone he had no breath left 
To tell her ... Of his undying love , his undying love 
Well I'm no king and I've no golden crown to adorn thee 
I'm not asking you to fall except in love with me 
Oh just please fall . In undying love , In undying love 
Why must every single thing in this world be so friggin difficult ? Rawr ! 
It's the great pumpkin , Charlie Brown . 
Who wants to got to Omsi today ?? IT'S FREEEE 
COLLEGE U.S HISTORY STUDENTS ! : 
what the hell are those acts saying ? 
I'm tired , and don't understand them 
My family is insane . 
Well , now I know where I get that from 
google is awesome today =D 
I got called a brat today . 
I don't think anyone has called me that since I was 12 . 
Ah naps , I love you =D 
it's like the sky turned on a faucet 
Walk a mile in someones shoes . 
Because if they tick you off , you're a mile away from them .... and have their shoes :] 
If you " like " this status I will post something on your wall that I like about you . Make this your status if you want a challenge . :D 
is supposed to be doing an essay . 
ahahaaha . 
Guys always like girls with straight hair . 
Haha , Screw that . 
thunder and lightning :[ 
" This is public school , if I can keep the girls off the pole and the boys off the pipe ... I get a bonus . " 
Friends are like potatoes ... if you eat them , they die 
YAY PACKERS :D 
Polly wants a cracker ... 
Think I should get off her first 
Think she wants some water 
To put out the blowtorch 
I think my allergies will kill me . 
Imma just not date or even try anything with anyone for a long time . 
bullshit . 
Life is Awesome . 
GRRRRRRRR 
My gosh , so much rain >.< 
Why am I still awake ???? 
Is looking for a car on craigslist . 
woopwoop 
Needs to sleep 
But I CANNTTT 
Going to my bestfriend's dad's house with her for a couple days . yay :] 
Bitches . 
You can tell a lot about a person just by if they like animals or not . 
Trruueee fact . 
Why the hell is everyone busy , when i'm not ?? 
I need more friends . 
I like how people are so keen on growing up quickly 
I don't want to grow up anymore , tyvm :] 
Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home 
Hey , let's just skip this week . K thanks :] 
Happy halloween :]] 
I have two Spider bites on my leg , they're all black and blue and huurrrtt . ah . 
I looked at my schedule online 
Why do I only have 7 classes ? 
sadfaced . 
Really irritated right now . 
Flakes bug me . A lot . 
' Cause I'm just one of those ghostsTraveling endlessly 
Don't need no roads 
In fact they follow me 
And we just go in circles 
I'm watching Pandorum . 
THE MAIN DUDE IS SO CUTE 
would it be illegal if I shot someone in the foot ? 
Legitimate question . 
If I die young bury me in satin , lay me down on a bed of roses 
Beyonce has a glowing vagina . 
So awesome . 
Ugh . 
Lady sing the blues so well 
As if she mean it , as if it's hell down here 
In the smoke-filled world where the jokes are cold 
They don't laugh at jokes , they laugh at tragedies 
Dialectical journal , here I come . 
Please shoot me . 
anyone free Sunday ? I have no plans anymore :P 
Sometimes I wish things were different 
“Every time you see a beautiful woman , just remember , somebody got tired of her” 
I hate people that agree with everything you say . 
" I like cannibalism " " ME TOO ! " " I want a pickle " " THAT SOUNDS DELICIOUS " " um .... what ya wanna do ? " " I dunno , what do you wanna do ? " 
Poop . 
I never got my pancakes . 
Grrr :P 
really bad headache :[ 
Ah . leg cramp . 
Ah , Thanksgiving . 
Someones gonna get stabbed with a turkey baster ;] 
i'm in a motel in Montesano 
Sittin on a bed , just sittin on a bed . 
No on can hear me because they've got dreamin in their head . 
and my toes are freezing . 
anyone wanna hang ? I have notthinngg to do 
If you think I'm cute , like my status . If you love me put a heart . If I'm agood friend put a :) If you miss me put a :/ If you ever had a crush onme put a XD . If you're not scared , put this as your status ! 
Oh hay ! look at this , i'm really bored :] 
Put This Into Your Status And See What People Rate You . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 . Talkative . 4 : Shy . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Too Nice . 7 : Moody . 8 : Sexy . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart . 19 : quiet 
Don't worry , be happy . 
I feel very brown . 
Deodorant actually works on bug bites . Go figure :] 
" If you can't dazzle them with your brilliance , baffle them with your bullshit " xD 
I need to try to go to bed 
I'm bored , so sure I'll do the number thing . 
Spread sheets = really boring 
I have one word : ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww . 
gonna go for a run :] 
Like my status and I'll write you a letter . Dear_____ , you have a nice _____ . You make me ______ . You should be _______ . You and me should ______ . I'd get your name tattooed on my ______ . You are so ______ . I wish we could ______ . 
If you " like " this status I will post on your 
wall : something I like about you , something I dislike about you , what's 
unique and my first impression of you . :D 
Why are people always freaking out on me now ? 
My god , i'm only human . Just shut up . 
got my new laptop =D 
Fun day :] 
My grandpa has three tumors in his brain . He has about a 50/50 chance .. 
English essay . 
YAAAYYY ! :/ 
" just threw up on dog . broke microwave with cheese and spoon . having a bath with my barbies singing final countdown . " 
It's the peter panda dance ..... :] 
I want pancakes . 
I like christmas . 
I'm just sick of the music , they started playing it the day before Thanksgiving . and I want SNOW . 
not flooding , or tornadoes . That's just no bueno . 
fun day =] 
Red pepper flakes+face = Ow . 
Mosquitos were made by the devil . 
This used t e a fun house , but now it's filled with evil clowns 
-Pink 
Alvaro Benitez I deleted the other one because I didn't know how to link your name to it ! 
Ahahah . But you're dumb :] 
Haha , my ten year old computer finally died . It makes me laugh xD 
I don't even LIKE turkey 
I'M AWAKE . I have seen this hour of the day in a couple months >.< 
Sewing dresses :) awesome 
I forgot what i'm doing tomorrow . 
all I know is that I need to be ready by ten 
I GET MY KITTEN THIS WEEKEND :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
hummus makes my tummy happy 
I love Emery . 
The end . 
I think they should refrigerate pickles in the store , so when you get them they're all crunchy . :] 
Like this and i'll tell you what makes you special :] 
I'm a lion , hear me roaarr 
Why'd you have to be so cute ? 
It's impossible to ignore you 
HAHAHAHAHA 
i love karma :] 
I want your loving , and I want your revenge .. you and me could write a bad romance . 
I kinda sorta hate that song now . It gets stuck in your head too easily 
Send me numbers :) i got a new phone 
I've seen your flag on the marble arch , but love is not a victory march .. 
It's a cold , and it's a broken hallelujah 
I want to trade my immune system for someone else's 
any takers ? 
DERP 
Is getting a girl kitten , and naming it Mickey . Oh how happy she will make me :] 
college US history is the devil 
tired 
I'm feeling really nice . 
So like this and I'll tell you what I adore about you :] 
A kitty followed me home and walked into my house . I fed it , made sure it had water and put it back outside . 
I wanna keeeeeep it ! 
wow ... I'm really playing world of warcraft . I feel awesome 
I got an ereader : ) this thingis so awesome 
" You are my sweetest downfall 
I loved you first , I loved you first 
Beneath the stars came fallin ' on our heads 
But they're just old light , they're just old light 
Your hair was long when we first met 
Samson came to my bed 
Told me that my hair was red 
Told me I was beautiful and came into my bed 
Oh I cut his hair myself one night 
A pair of dull scissors in the yellow light 
And he told me that I'd done alright " <3 
School tomorrow is kind of bitter sweet >.< 
Is your face seriously that amazingly ugly that you have to put a picture of a moose as your display picture ? 
That's sad . xD 
Looks like no adding Amir . Sorry dude . 
Don't wanna do hw . 
Has been thinking that her thinking is off . 
Eh :] 
Have any classes with me ? 
Ed&Human Dev 1-Herington 
Asl2-Brian 
Concert Choir-Silva 
Early Childhood Education-Page 
Marine Science-Gilbert 
College US History-Saks 
Algebra2-Stoneroad 
Ad . English3-Morrow 
fils de pute trainée 
I like curse words in other languages 
Cold medicine makes me feel awesome . 
School tomorrow ? 
Ew . 
My sleeping schedule is totally off . 
Ew 
Ahhh Happiness :] 
I'm done with youuu . 
I'm really sick of being yelled at , or told that theres something wrong with me . Because there's really nothing wrong with me .. You're just stupid . 
kthnx . 
I'm not quite sure of anything . So I'm sorry if I piss you off with my obliviousness 
my mind works in strange ways . 
If you don't treat your girl right , she'll just find someone else that will . 
fact^ :] 
Please understand .. 
this isn't just goodbye 
This is I can't stand you :] 
-Plus 44 
I feel like poop . 
Why the heck is my brother in the bathtub when I need to get ready ? 
Inconsiderate butt . 
Ew , I think I have the flu . 
BLAAAHH 
Wonders what it would be like to be lesbiany . 
I got new pants 
I feel content :] 
so i got 4 1/2 inches of my hair chopped off :D 
I forgive you for the truth 
I liked you better when you lied 
I forgive you for being you 
Because you were better when you faked every smile :] 
Procrastination . It's a love hate relationship . 
Wait ... 
I like it on the kitchen counter :D 
So , I succeeded in falling off my bed and face planting on my floor . 
Epic 
AAHHHH homework 
Samantha Howell You're my bucket <3 
" One of my preschool students told me today that it's not pollution that makes the water in lakes unclean . It's the hobos . I was absolutely speechless . And just so proud . " 
I don't feel completely there today 
Ew . Is doing my twenty dialectical journals . 
I the heck did deuces turn into peace ? 
I thought it meant poop . " Deuce-poop . Deuces-more poop " 
Whatever xD 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . Challenge you to post this 
College History , you make me sad . 
I hate immature people . Especially immature guys that think they're really amazing . 
Has been in a really good mood . 
And i'm not planning on it going away :] 
This is a status update 
Ah finals . I don't love you D: 
my cat plays fetch , this makes me happy :D 
Hanging with Kelsey Bunker tonight . 
<3 
A fortune from a fortune cookie got stuck on my foot . 
It said " You are admired by many people " 
I like footunes 
Wants to live on the moon . 
65653342 You're just you , and that's amazing . I love that you always smell of bagels in the morning , most likely because you always have one :P 
Who wants a cat ? 
I'll give you mine . 
Tequila <3 
A week until my birthday 
That went by quickly 
2010 is almost over so confess something you've always wanted to tell me , or ask me something you've always wanted to know . Message me only ! Put this as your status .... You might be suprised ! 
Let me get this straight - Larry King is getting his 8th divorce , Elizabeth Taylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Britney Spears had a 55 hour marriage . Jesse James and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the " institution of marriage " ? Really ? REALLY ? Repost to your page if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for all . 
0 : 
Somehow I think I'll always care to some extent about you . 
You had such a big impact on me in such little of time , and though that seriously freaked me out , it's really wonderful at the same time . 
Oh , and I accept your appology . Although there really isnt much to forgive you for , I understand your intentions completely :] 
Guys are icky . 
Staying single for a long time sounds GREAT :] 
Regina Spektor Speaks to my soul 
:D 
Had a really great day :] 
I'm so tired ! 
I really really dislike liars . 
I'm gonna take a nap now , because I don't want to do anything " irrational " 
Nighty night :] 
I need something to do for New Years . 
On the road , and i really really gotta pee . Just thought all of you should know that . 
ChangeyourFacebook profile to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? Not to see a human face on Facebook until Monday December 6 . Join the fight tostop child abuse . Copy this as your status to invite your friends to join . 
Pisses me off . 
I seem to be angering people a lot lately 
That's cool , because that means i'm not a push over anymore . 
Spark notes , I love you . 
I want snow . 
100 . 
Here . 
YOU MADE ME DO THIS , NOW TALK TO ME . 
Just got home , fun timmees :] 
Skype anyone ? 
I don't know what I got myself into . 
I had a nightmare that I married my ex . 
Oh thank god that won't ever happen ! 
I know how to make mochas now :D 
Burnt my wrist on the oven . 
Haha , I can't feel it . 
I did something to my leg , I think I pulled a muscle . 
haha , that's awesome . 
It's all your fault , You called me beautiful . You turned me out 
And now I can't turn back 
I haven't blasted metal in my room for ages . 
My gosh I missed you . 
Roar . 
I feel odd . 
23 : Hmmm :] what to say about you ? I love you to pieces , and we need to talk more because I miss you to death . You're like a big sister to me :D 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes , they're so sweet ! 
And I'm using an empty wine bottle as a vase :D YAY ! 
people that can't make up their mind about anything really bug me . 
stick to one thing , please and thank you . 
Is watching Alice in Wonderland on netflix ! yay me . 
Procrastinating on my essay once again ! xD 
" He'll say affection is sin " 
" Then he'll send you to the island of Jamestown " 
" There is no ISLAND of Jamestown " 
" Exactly " 
I think it's funny when people try to add me and I'm like " Wtf I don't know you " 
And then it turns out they go to my school . 
I need to pay attention more . 
I really don't know why i miss a certain person so much . 
6-I LOVE YOU TOO , you know this :] but hey , I'm going out to lunch on saturday for my birthday . 
I want you there :] 
I've become so obsessive with Dexter D: 
" You need to clean under your bed " -mom 
" I'm pretty sure a lot of people aren't weird like you and won't get on their hands and knees to see what's under there " -me 
I want to move to an Island far , far away . 
Who's with me ? 
dumbdumbdumbdumbdumb . 
Ish tired 
My cat got a zhu zhu pet . Ahahaha 
You not so kind sir , need too stop being such a doucher . 
Kay ? Thanks . 
That's it , I want a magic carpet . 
Figure out your shit , homeboy . 
While you do that I'll gladly move on . :] 
Kimberly Yonker " my friend says her boobs smell like wonder bread " 
FREEZE ! just do it so I don't have to go anywhere tomorrow . 
" Let's go get a hubcap for my imaginary car . Then I can go home to my imaginary boyfriend named Xavier the emo kid and watch him get beat up by my imaginary dog named Bruce . " 
Sometimes I wish things were different . 
I'm not strong , Amazing , tall , or extremely intelligent . 
I'm just me , and you know what ? 
Whoever can't deal with me , doesn't deserve me . 
I don't really understand what I did to " bug " people so much . 
But if your going to talk about me , at least be freaking respectful . 
She's not a saint , and she's not what you think . She's an actress . >;] 
Sorry if i was talking to you . \nMy cat sat on my keyboard and did something to the compyxD 
" You are not special . You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake . You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else . " -Tyler Durden 
LOLLOL he's being such a little bitch . \nJust stfu , i dont wana hear it anymore . 
I'm not doing anymore of these after this ! 
420 : I love your boldness , It's admirable . You're so funny and interesting , and I wish I knew you more so I could say more wonderful things but I can't really . 
So you should talk to me , so I know you betterC : 
I can play Mary had a little lamb on guitar now . 
I feel awesome 
Another * certain * person that lives in my house that isn't my mother or I needs to start doing crap around the house . 
because yes , he DOES live here . 
I think I might have broke my new phone . 
haha . oops 
girls don't poop . 
I like how people tell their boyfriends/girlfriends they love them after a couple weeks . 
Actually i don't like it , it's kind of weird . 
Weeelll I'm awake ! haha . 
Stupid cat woke me up 
Anyone want a person to go to formal with ? 
cuz i got no one anymores 
Why do people think fighting is so awesome ? 
It doesn't solve anything . Grow up . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 WORDS what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy & paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play ! 
Bye bye power . \nImma shower in the dark now :D 
Ha . I think it's funny when Teens say things like " I don't want to be like ANYONE else . I want to be something myself created " that's cool dude . I understand your want to be different , and you always will be yourself . But by saying you want to be like NO ONE means you're just like every teen out there . 
Good job :] 
Chocolate will be my downfall . 
Yummmmmmmmmmm 
STUBBED MY TOOOOEEEE 
Disappointed . 
Don't be surprised if I fall off the face of the planet :] 
I just wanna sit here . 
And NOT go to school 
Drivers edx after school :( 
I want no school tomorrow >.< 
Bullpoo . 
I'm angry . 
my brain will surely explode . 
Be nice to someone weird once , and you're stalked forever . 
WELLLLL I'm bored so : 
It's almost Valentine's Day . Copy this as your 
status and see what you get ?. 
Green : I Like You . 
Silver : I miss you . 
Pink : Be my valentine ? 
Teal : I think your beautiful 
Yellow : I wanna kiss u 
Red : I love you . 
Purple : Let's chill . 
Gold : I used to like you . 
Black : I think your cute . 
I'm kinda happy . 
