I'm so pissed , I went five months without thinking about it , but I just lost The Game ! GAH ! 
God I love David Guetta . Might be a little late on this bandwagon , but he's currently my favorite artist . 
I hate teh interwebz ! 
Does anyone know of any good dance clubs in the Akron/Cleveland area ? 
I'm so excited , I got all sorts of good news yesterday , more good news today , and my day is only going to get better ! " The sun on my skin and the world that I'm in makes me delirious " 
Thanks ODOT for making my drive home so great , you were really on-top of things and ready for this snow storm . /sarcasm To say the roads were terrible would be an understatement ... 
Hooray for not being able to sleep ! 
FYI : When making a left turn you should be in the left-most lane . The guy I hit didn't know this , and attempted to turn left from the center lane when I was in the left lane going straight . MORON ! Thank god I had a witness . Pictures of my car coming soon . 
Other drivers insurance sent me to a rental company yesterday morning . 24 hours later and they still don't have a car for me . Woot ! 
So I'm outside smoking in front of the Polsky Building when some homeless guy comes up to me and goes " Hey lady , can I bum a smoke of of you ? " 
Tequila shots = no . Just woke up in the middle of puking . Not fun . 
Best . Musical . Number . Ever . Seriously , if they made " House , the Musical " I would totally go see it . 
So , I just got a call from some chick from Japan at 2:30 am . I rather impressed myself with my ability to recall enough Japanese to have a rudimentary conversation while half asleep . She dialed the wrong number , lol . 
Awesome , my Xbox just died . :-( 
MY CAR IS DONE !!!!! 
If it's not one thing it's another , I swear . I finally got my car back , and while getting in it I dropped my phone , which now doesn't work . Woot ! 
So my phone wasn't broken , I'm just retarded . Apparently , it is possible to put a SIM card in backwards . Who knew ? 
Oh Internet , how I hate you . I was tired at 9pm , but after browsing the internet for the last 6 hours I'm no longer tired . 
Is there anything better than a great conversation with q close friend ? I don't think so . 
Dirty Girl Scout #1 , excellent shot ! 
Just kept mom up till 6am doing SHOTS , SHOTS , SHOTS , SHOT SHOT SHOT SHOTS SHOT SHOT SHOT SHOTS . EVERYBODY !!!!!!! 
Dear Facebook : Please stop re-publishing posts from 4+ years ago . Oh , and the double posting and phantom posting needs to stop too . Like now . 
Ugh , just finished replacing the screen in a laptop . PITA 
My house totally just got buzzed by an airplane . Sounded like a twin engine prop , but I didn't see it . Shook the windows and everything , WTF . 
I quit smoking about 14 hours ago . I think I'm going to strangle someone . 
I seriously cannot look at the comments section of a Fox News news story for longer than 30 seconds without getting the urge to strangle people . 
Day 3 sans cigarettes . Apparently nicotine withdrawl makes me spaz out over the most minor of issues . Fair warning . 
I swear , I woke up this morning and it was like Bob Marley was playing inside my head . ?? Rise up ' dis mornin ' , smiled with the rising sun ...?? 
It irritates me that people that don't live in our house feel that they have the right to dictate what is and is not acceptable in our house . 
I want Hibachi . Damnit ! 
When smelling a glass of wine , be sure not to tip it so far you actually inhale the wine up your nose . It burns . 
Woot ! Fringe got renewed for a fourth season ! 
The hardest problems to fix are those that don't really exist ... 
I love my life . I love my friends . I love my family . You might say , I'm feeling quite love-ly ... ( sorry for the bad pun ! ) But really , my life in general is quite awesome ATM . 
Google " helvetica " You'll be glad you did . 
I'm addicted and I just can't get enough of " Just Can't Get Enough " 
I'm must be insane . 17 credit hours this summer , and 20-24 credit hours next fall . 
Day 15 cigarette free . I no longer have a constantly sore throat , it's great ! 
Democracy : A system in which the majority rules , and all potential outcomes are equally terrible . 
Is 2:30 pm beer-thirty ? I think it is ... 
To all of those who are unaware : The left lane on the highway is the PASSING lane , meaning you should only be in that lane when you are actively passing . It is NOT the " fast " lane , and not for traveling . Pass and get over ! 
' s brother is amazing ! 
Went to the Air Show today , lots of fun . Took over 5k pictures though , so don't expect any uploads untill later in the week 
Well , that BGP test was fuuuun , I tell you what . Thank god that's over with ! 
So I saw an excerpt from an upcoming interview with our former president George " Dubya " Bush . He said the absolute lowpoint of his presidency was Kanye West calling him a racist . Really , out of 9/11 , Katrina , and all the shit with Iraq , the worst part your presidency was Kanye West calling you a racist . FFS , get real ! 
Quick , someone break something ! I'm bored as hell and need a challenge . 
Can You Help : 
I need either a 10base2 to 10base-T transeiver , or an ethernet hub that can handle 10base2 and 10base-T simultaneously , and I need one of them ASAP , can anyone help ? 
I think my head is about to explode . Thank god I have a 4hr break before my next class 
I am now the proud owner of the domain cool.as-sh.it , and whenever I can get my new server to cooperate with me , I'll have an email address @cool . as-sh.it 
I think I have to have the best family in the world . Love u guys ! 
Wish me luck . I have the biggest test of my life in 10 minutes . 
So , just spent 2 1/2 hours sorting through the 540-ish pictures I took of the fireworks tonight , the best 32 of them will be uploaded momentarily . Let me know how I did . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
I LOVE DEADMAU5 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So , I just composed a short poem to help me remember the BGP path selection process : 

With Little People , Little Gloves Prevail . 
Ordinary Mice Entertain on Ice Cubes . 
Old Napkins in Dumpsters Illustrate Polluting Actions . 
I think this is much easier to rememember than : 
Weight , Local_Pref , Locally Generated , Origin , MED , EBGP over IBGP , Oldest , Neighbor ID , Neighbor IP Address . 
I can't stop listening to Prodigy's " Invaders Must Die " . 
Amy Edwards DeGennaro : " Women r bitches ! Now I have to pee . " via text message 
I love getting " A HA ! " moments when your facing a difficult problem and suddenly the answer just comes to you . I'm so pumped right now ! 
Let Michael drive my car for about 10-15 minutes today . Excerp : 
" Michael , keep the car on the road . Michael you're too close on the right . Michael , you're about to go off the road . Michael you're off the road . YOU'RE OFF THE ROAD MICHAEL ! YOU'RE OFF THE ROAD !!! " 
NOT MOZZIE !!! NOOOOOOOO 
Thank GOD it's almost time to go back to school . I'm surprisingly bored without a class that requires me to study almost 24/7 ( Thank god I'm done with Adv . Routing ! ) 
Is sad to be leaving fl 
So , I have Ke$ha " We are who we are " and Bruno Mars " Grenade " stuck in my head . Someone really needs to remix these two together because it sounds good in my head . 
The candle just exploded in my face ... Nit fun 
Just put toothpaste on Michael's and Danny's faces . Pictures coming soon . Still cracking up 
Got a parking space today no problem . I go to class , get there early , and my professor is like " Why are you here ? You didn't have come today , your lab day is next Tuesday . " I just can't win . 
The moon is crazy bright tonight , WOW . I just went out to smoke before going to bed and I could almost like it was daytime 
Lieutenant , get this man a chopper . 
I'm beginning to truly abhor acronyms , RTP , cRTP , LFI , WFQ , CBWFQ , MQC , PKI , WRED , etc . I particularly dislike CBWFQ because every time I see it I think of WTFBBQ . 
Hide your kids , hide your wife . Hide your kids , hide your wife .... Well , obviously we have a rapist in lincoln park . We gonna find you ... 
Bed-Intruder song , best song ever ! 
Yay Olivia !!!! 
So I was watching TV and saw an advertisement for the Universal Technical Institute , abbreviated UTI . The commercial has a jingle all about " Going to UTI " . I was rolling ! 
Deadmau5 + RISK = Amazingly Epic Awesomeness . 
I love the look on someone's face when , after struggling with a concept for some time , they start to understand . You can see the lightbulb going off in their head , it's great to see . 
Goodbye EIGRP , hello OSPF . New stuff to study , hooray ! 
83% ! I got an 83% on my Adv Routing Final !!! I am ECSTATIC !!! HELL YEAH !!!! 
So happy for Cassie . She just finished the half marathon in 2:16:59 . WTG !!!! 
So I've just discovered that my car shares my disdain for cold weather . Thankfully I don't have to leave for school for an hour and a half , and my car is now in the much warmer garage , so by the time I have to leave for school she should be fine . 
This should be fun . About to go take my Adv . Routing skills final . Wish me luck ! 
Back to Akron U today . Love my classes , hate the price of books ! 
So I woke up this morning feeling great , and could feel that today is going to be awesome . Then I fell up the stairs ... 
Just discovered a new music genre I love : Instrumental Electronica Soundscapes 
I love my schedule , 13 hour days suck , but it's so nice realizing I have the next 4 days off 
Doors exist for a reason , I wish my family would get that . 
@Michael Edwards : " I measured it in 8th period and it was 8 inches .... " Refferring to the snow outside a window . 
Donny Shallahamer : " You're a Bitch ! And I have to pee . " 
Just started using Pandora Radio , and I love it . 
I am so very excited ATM . Omw to pick up my new radar detector !!! 
1300 pictures down , 5900 to go . I can't believe how freaking awesome some of my pictures are . 
Wow , I had forgotten about the joys of rush hour traffic . Central interchange = hell 
So yeah , just sang Linger 7 times in a row in Rock Band . I'm iiiiin so deep .... 
So , I just took some sleeping pills about an hour ago to try to get to sleep before 5am tonight . I still can't sleep , but the sensation of floating is kinda cool . 
Why is Springboard beeping ? Anyone know ? It's sooooooo annoying ! 
New virus going around . Don't open e-mails with the subject " Here you go " or " Here you have " , even if it's from a trusted contact . The e-mails contain an atatchment which may appear to be a . pdf file , but is actually a virus . 
1 hour and 45 minutes to find a parking space . I only had to break out the baseball bat once ... 
Just saw an add for a Christian University on the Syfy channel . While science-fiction & fantasy and Christianity aren't mutually exclusive , the word " target demographic " comes to mind 
So , once again I'm up till 5:30 . I think I'm just not going to go to sleep at all and try to get to bed a decent hour tonight . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! I CAN'T STAND IT ANYMORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GTFO ! 
Woot , got my new camera lense today ! So excited 
I love snow tires , they totally saved my life today . FTR , driving an SUV with AWD does NOT mean that you can try to accelerate through a lane filled with 3 inches of road slush . You will most likely spin out , and enter a lane currently occupied by another vehicle . 
All I have to say is : Thank GOD for Starbucks 
I love " a ha ! " moments , they make me feel so good about myself . 
Donny Shallahamer : " Where'd you get the Taco Bell drink ? " 
Me : " Taco Bell " 
Thx to all my birthday well-wishers . I have the best friends and family a person could ask for . Love all you guys !!!! 
So excited , 10 minutes until blue man starts , and I'm sitting front center 12 rows back . AWSOME !!!! 
Stupid Republicans ! 
It's amazing , I ingest large amounts of caffeine , inhale nicotine , and take amphetamines(legally ) on a daily basis and I sleep like a baby every night . I take cold/allergy medicine and I can't sleep , WTF ! 
Got the HTC Surround with Windows Phone 7 , and I LOVE it . 
So , for the first time ever since I started doing my own laundry , all of my clothes except for what I'm wearing are clean . 
Yeah !!!! It's 215 and I'm the only one up . Wert one worse passes out and I'm not even tired , WTF do i do mow ??? 
So It's 3:30 am and I'm finally going to bed . Why am I up at 3:30 you ask . Well , it's not because I went to some crazy party or anything , noooo . I spent my Friday night deep cleaning my car and doing laundry . I have no life ... 
Can I just say that multiple choice multiple answer questions are ridiculous 
I hate you BGP ! I hate you with a burning passion ; with an intensity unsurpassed by the fire of hell ! You can go sodomize yourself with your optional non-transitive attributes and your stupid route selection process .... Ok , back to studying BGP :-( 
Why do people suddenly lose the ability to drive like a sane person as soon as it starts snowing ? 
Hooray ! Professor lost today test , he gave us all 100%s instead 
Hmm , I'm thinking it's time for Starbucks 
So Michael just tried to shift from neutral to top gear on a tractor with a manual transmission . The result was Michael popping the clutch and almost catapulting himself off the tractor . WIN ! 
QUESTION : You're offered the chance to take a one week vacation to anywhere , ALL expenses paid , and you can take one person with you . Your plane leaves tomorrow . Do you drop everything and go ? If so where do you go , and who do you take with you ? 
Why do I love my new phone ? I just got asked to turn the volume down , from another room . F yeah my phone is " that " loud 
I wish I could set my laptop's AID to " Tim " so that TIM could be set to Tim . 
Go insane . Go insane . Throw some glitter , make it rain . 
I hate that I love this song . 
I am truly blessed to have the friends and family that I do have . I love you all more than words can say . Happy New Year everyone ! 
Woot ! Starbucks " Green Status " achieved ! 
Happy new year !!!!!! Chocolate coveted cherry sjots for everyone !!!! 
Well , my stomach issues have mostly subsided and the body aches are going away . I'm still running a fever , coughing/wheezing , and don't have much of a voice . But all in all , I think I'm finally starting to get better . Hooray ! 
So I'm listening to this DJ , Johnny Budz , who mixed " Ghosts n ' Stuff " by Deadmau5 with " We R Who We R " by Ke$sha . I have to say it's beyond awesome . 
I'm now feeling much better and watching a new Fringe . Aside from a runny nose and the occasional cough I'm back in good health . 
Let me tell you , having a stomach flu and a severe cold at the same time is sooooo much fun . /sarcasm 
Oh . My . God . I can't stop talking . I'm driving myself insane , let alone the people that are sitting around me . I feel sorry for them . 
Omw to Indians/Red Sox game . So excited ! 
Apparently I throw things in my sleep . When I went to bed my car keys were next to me . When I woke up , it took me six hours to find my keys , as they were behind my desk clear across my room . 
Congratulations Republicans , you have successfully screwed our country . Way . To . Go . 
The TV remote is not my car key ; nonetheless I just attempted to start my car with the TV remote . It didn't work , lol . 
I'm soooo going to hell . Good night . 
Most awesome cab ride ever 
I just got passed by an R8 . Let my tell you , pictures dont do this car justice . 
Discovered a new music genre I like : Acid Jazz . 
