Anaïs Nin : " Each friend represents a world in us , a world possibly not born until they arrive , and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born . " 
There is always a silver lining behind the cloud 

BUT ... 
Too many people miss the silver lining because they're expecting gold . 
( Maurice Setter ) 
2 kemungkinan terbesar saat anda mengeluhkan seseorang tidak memiliki hati : 
1 . anda sangat membenci orang itu dengan sepenuh hati anda 
2 . orang tersebut telah mencuri hati anda tanpa pernah menyadari betapa anda menginginkannya kembali :p 
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness . Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost . 
( H . Jackson Brown , Jr ) 
Gak heran dah gedenya pada ledakkin bom , kecilnya aja maenin petasan ampe gila2an gini pas hari raya -.-" 
Perasaan kagak ada ayatnya di Quran kudu rayain ma petasan , dasar norak 
You wear a mask for so long , you forget who you were beneath it . 
( V for Vendetta ) 
When life makes you have to put up with mean and hateful people , think of them as sandpaper . They may scratch you , rub you the wrong way , but eventually you end up smooth and polished ... and the sandpaper ... its just gonna be worn out and ugly . 
Tenang saja , teman2 . Ketika ada kata Papi muncul di SMS kalian , itu tak berarti Papi akan minta pulsa sama kalian , ngasih tau ada tugas mah iya wakakakak 
Attention to all members of UBM - VC - 1PPS1 , please say welcome to our virtual mentors , Mr. Dony Kusumah and Mr. Redo Rizaldi :) 
* tepok tangan heboh sendiri * 
Do you want me to tell you something really subversive ? Love is everything it's cracked up to be . That's why people are so cynical about it . It really is worth fighting for , being brave for , risking everything for . And the trouble is , if you don't risk anything , you risk even more . 
( Erica Jong ) 
Thanks to Yosekli Alphin buat nasi campurnya yang enak di lidah , enak di perut dan enak di kantong hahahaha 
Maggie Holmes Hendrietta , mohon tunggu agak lama yah , nak , malam ini juga Papi kebut rangkumannya , begitu selesai langsung SMS aja deh :D 
Jadi gini yah rasanya kuliah ... ditiban tugas , dirampok duit , demi sebuah gelar sarjana . Untung aja bidangnya memang bidang sesuai minat , gimana kalo yang kuliah gak sesuai minatnya yah ? 
And now , I'm a Pappy not only because I have 40 " children " to care , but also a partner to love ? 
You maybe one person to the world . But you maybe the world to one person . 
" Ketika kita terfokus pada kemungkinan yang tak menguntungkan , itulah yang disebut ketakutan . Bila kita berfokus pada kemungkinan sebaliknya , yang biasanya lebih disukai , itulah yang disebut bebas dari rasa takut " - Ajahn Brahm 
New friends ... new happiness ... refreshed joy 
Wah , tampilan FB baru lagi ... 
Nyesel dah gak nyicil dari kemarin2 tugasnya T.T 
Yang punya Google Plus , please add dunk : grandamethyst010289@gmail.com 
Skype : benny . prawira 
OTL n orz ----------> ternyata ini emoticon n bukan singkatan wkwkwk 
INILAH HIDUP , Takdir itu seperti Perkosaan , jika ? ã ? sanggup melawan , cobalah untuk menikmati . Pendidikan itu seperti Main Perempuan , diperlukan uang ? ªn kerjakeras . Kepercayaan itu seperti Keperawanan , sekali hilang , maka hilang selamanya . Sukses itu seperti Onani , hanya tanganmulah ?? dapat meraihnya . Gaji itu seperti Menstruasi , hanya datang sebulan sekali ªn ? bertahan cuma 4 sampai 5 hari .. 
Angela Giselanora-CassiEast'jj , Maggie Holmes Hendrietta , dan Anastasia Rouwi Girlina , sepertinya Jumat nanti kita dah harus manggung neh . Kira - kira kapan persiapannya , anak2ku sekalian ? :D 
In the end , we only regret the chances we didn't take , the relationships we were too afraid to have & the decisions we waited to long to make 
Never rush in love for it never runs out . Let love be the one to knock at your door , so by the time you start to fall , you know that your feeling is for sure 
[ Psychoanalysis ] is not the only way to resolve inner conflicts . Life itself still remains a very effective therapist . ~ Karen Horney , Our Inner Conflicts , 1945 
Saatnya menunjukkan senjata :) 
