Hi ! 
It's almost winter break . Yay ! 
Awesome ! School's out and it's almost Christmas ! 
YAY ! :D 
AWESOME ! 
I hate going back to school after break . 
hammerfall is awesome 
shouldn't have this much chem homework on my birthday . 
Lucien Lachance is awesome 
has too much homework :( 
playing oblivion ... 
Nothing on earth stays forever But none of your deeds were in vain Deep in our hearts you will live again You're gone to the home of the brave -Hammerfall 
working on SO notes 
too much homework ... 
I just lost the game . 
chem homework :( 
i want either a snowday , delay , or another mercury spill tomorrow . 
I want a snowday tomorrow . 
homework ... 
later i'm going to see the percy jackson movie 
i hate DBQs . 
Why are english essays so boring to write ? 
SNOWDAY !!! 
yay ! I'm done with my homework . :D 
I hate homework :( 
playing oblivion , stopping every once in a while to listen to music . 
formal chem labs are evil 
using facebook and oblivion to procrastinate on homework . 
No school again ! :D 
spent all day being busy doing nothing . 
" We're blood bound- We aim for the sun , The luminous moon will take us high over ground , We're blood bound- Collecting the stars , We hold a power that is greater than all , We're blood bound . " 
got some more music today . :) 
today i read most of my book for english . now i'm bored and don't feel like reading any more . 
pi day 
why do i have so much homework ? 
playing guitar , then listening to music 
listening to music 
1:22 am . Just finished my health project . 
tired for some reason 
health project :( 
is tired , and has too much homework 
I like to play Oblivion , but I have chem homework . 
anyone know what the english homework is ? Anna Jeon Whitney Downard Sierra Beth Wilkie 
regents ... 
doing some homework , then packing for west point :) 
i hate homework 
first time I've gone outside bare-foot in a long time . 
Done with that . yay . Now for my German scrapbook . 
i hate group projects in school . :( 
Studying for euro , then chem 
Euro DBQ 
happy that it's friday . 
" So understand , Don't waste your time always searching for those wasted years , Face up ... make your stand , And realize you're living in the golden years . " 
is attempting to do homework , but wanting to sleep . 
" Oh Mother Earth do you believe there is a place for us to go , 
Come set us free again and let us fly away and give us hope " 
really wanted a snow day , but probably not going to get one tomorrow . now homework . 
Track meet tomorrow . Done with homework . I should get some sleep . 
started driving for the first time today . 
At the lake today 
Listening to music . 
Easter ! 
going to McQuaid tomorrow ! 
just got a Christmas tree 
Studying for AP euro 
Track meet later today 
12 
I want to get to know you better . You are really cool and nice , and i like your hair . 
should really try to finish apush 
I wish I had a trampoline 
" You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice , If you choose not to decide you still have made a choice , You can choose from phantom fears and kindness that can kill , I will choose a path that's clear , I will choose freewill " -Rush 
Grrr ... chem unit exam tomorrow . 
is sad that spring break is over so soon . 
" All the world's indeed a stage , And we are merely players , Performers and portrayers , Each another's audience , Outside the gilded cage " ~ Rush 
done with the ib chem test . :) 
is wondering what she wants to do next . It's the first time in a long time that i haven't had lots of homework . :) done with the ib part of ib chem . yay ! 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 
2 . The color you remind me of 
3 . My first memory of you 
4 . The animal you remind me of 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you 
6 . My favorite thing about you 
7 . Give you a weird nickname 
8 . Challenge you to post this as your status 
lï ??? ? ø ? ÿ ?? lï ?? ? hï ? 
got a new personal record in the 100 at track today 
should start working on her euro project . 
ate chicken wings today :) 
" Surrender your soul , Surrender your pride , Please enter my dream , Find your natural high , You’ve got nothing to fear , Cause your rebirth is near " -Hammerfall 
11 
I haven't really talked to you recently . We first met in 2nd grade . You are nice and care about other people . 
Leave me a one word comment that best describes me , that starts with the THIRD letter only of YOUR FIRST name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this as your status , so I can write one word about you . Don't just post a word and not copy ; that's no fun :) 
Blue Oyster Cult is awesome ! 
got back home from the track banquet . now time for more homework . :( 
can see the light at the end of the tunnel ! Too bad the end of the tunnel is clogged with regents exams . 
Going to the lake today 
The voices in my head just told me they're hearing voices ... uh ... that cant be good : / 
is listening to music and wishes she had more liquid nitrogen to play with . 
is listening to music . 
Grandparents are visiting . Making paella tomorrow . 
" Only those who attempt the absurd will achieve the impossible . I think it's in my basement ... let me go upstairs and check . " -M . C . Escher 
so glad for the snowday today . I like winter . 
is playing with gak , slime , and sticky slime . 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry when it was under siege by Death Eaters in The Second Wizarding War . Over 50 witches and wizards died in this attack . 93% of people won't repost this , but will ... you ... be part of that magical 7% that will ? Repost to show your support for Dumbledore's Army . 
Dear homework , i am so happy i will not see you again until summer is over , and i will not miss you . :D 
Germany is great . i'm at my host family's house . watching the soccer game was fun . 
one last regents left 
music :) 
If you like this status , I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this your status if you want a challenge . 
finished 5 regents , only one left :) 
is at the state track meet 
going to Germany tomorrow ! :D 
Hammerfall ! 
going to the lake for a few days 
worked at the track meet again today , then saw Karate Kid . 
i want a snowday !!! 
Finally done with Buffon's needle !!! 
is home 
Conneticut 
just got home from a rock concert and is tired . 
" I will waste no more time 
Leave my worries behind 
I live for this moment alone , 
Let me tell you my friend 
All things come to an end 
Forever is today 
So don't delay " 
-Stratovarius 
What do you do with witches ? 
Burn them ! 
And what do you burn apart from witches ? 
Wood ! 
So , why do witches burn ? 
Because they're made of wood 
Does wood sink in water ? 
It floats ! 
What also floats in water ? 
A duck . 
So , logically , if she weighs the same as a duck , she's made of wood . 
And therefore A witch ! 
was in Canada today 
Ten days until Christmas , and five until my birthday :) 
attempted to clean my room today . not successful . 
Fight with your heart , and you're Destined For Glory 
But fight without honor , and you're destined to fall 
But fight without soul and you will lose it all 
- Hammerfall 
finally finished apush ! 
Playing with fire :D 
NHS induction tonight 
message me a number and i'll tell you what i think of you 
wore a duct tape and rubber band hat and a black cape to school today . some of the reactions were interesting . 
This afternoon I dropped toothpicks on lines and ate cake-balls 
17 
You seemed really quiet before i knew you , but you talk a lot more with people you know . You like to sleep . You are nice and i liked having lunch with you last year . 
cross country banquet today , and lots of homework 
should i change my profile picture back to a pokemon or keep it as a cartoon character ? why did they make both at the same time ? 
apple pie :) 
7 
You have a cat . You are nice , but i don't like your taste in music . You are very afraid of stalkers :) lol . 
It's Christmas Eve !!! :D 
is really happy . only three days until winter break and its my birthday tomorrow . 
Remember Yesterday 
and think about tomorrow 
But you have to live today 
-Hammerfall 
the end of the double snowday ........ school tomorrow 
" Illuminati 
You've come to take control 
You can take my heartbeat 
But you can't break my soul 
We all shall be free 
Illuminati 
You'll never take control 
Your new world order 
Will lead to none at all 
We all stand before you as one 
Heaven is for everyone 
To be free from the dark " 
- Gamma Ray 
we got a dog today 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . I bet half of you won't read the instructions right 
first day of track tomorrow 
Pi day ! this year was 370 digits 
Go to your profile . The top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . 
1 . Zombie Expert : Frances Morris 
2 . Guns and Fun Expert : Aaron Thompson 
3 . Survival Expert : Keturah Thorpe 
4 . Driving Expert : Rachel Bomy 
5 . Tactical Expert : Natsuko Su-zuki 
psych internal assessment is completely done ! :) 
Now I understand how hard it is to write without the letter E 
I should stop procrastinating on my homework ... 
