is addicted to the epic Australian band Kisschasy <3 
has had an epicful day :3 
One last chance to reverse this curse , you stole my heart but I had it first ~ 
had an epic time today on the trip with Mr. Ducky :DD 
can't stop smiling <3 
You can arrest me baby , I don't wanna leave/Lock me up , throw away the key ~ 
is watching Tokyo Mew Mew . XD 
just narrowly escaped having to admit something to my parents . 
feels like going to sleep . 
The flames are all long gone , but the pain lingers on ~ 
needs a new iTunes card ... 
just went swimming for the first time in a year and a half . XD 
So while you're outside looking in/Describing what you see/Remember what you're staring at is me ~ 
has had a combination of Break Away by The Unseen and some AFI song that she's forgotten the name of stuck in her head all morning . 
thinks Katsura-san is epic ~ 
I've wished for this , I've bitched at that/I've left behind this little fact/You cannot kill what you did not create ~ 
is completely knackered and nearly fell asleep at work xD 
just watched this anime called School Days and loved the ending xD 
Meteorologicos : Scorchio ~ ! 8D 
spilled bleach on her favourite jeans ;___; 
is attempting to write 100 one-shots . 
just misread " abyss " as " albatross " . o.O 
I know it seems so wrong/But I'm just a lovesick criminal ~ 
I've been the needle and the thread/Weaving figure eights and circles round your head <3 
is making mossomesauce cookies , and will give some to anyone who knows what I'm on about . XDD 
feels sick . D: Though it's probably to do with the fact I just watched my faaavourite anime ending again . XDD 
is no longer bored . x3 
is listening to the Bubblegum Crisis soundtrack . :D 
' s iPod keeps getting the album art mixed up . It just thought Bullet For My Valentine was the Pigeon Detectives . o__O 
was going to have ramen for lunch but couldn't find any sauce . D: 
has been listening to Joy Division all day and hopes that doesn't say too much about her current emotional state . :P 
got a Fruits Basket watch ! 8DDD 
just put on a load of hairspray . I think this may be the start of a new phase ... o.O 
is in the process of what'll hopefully be the first novel I finish . xD 
is attempting to make a movie but so far has animated about 3 seconds . :P 
will really miss Emily ;_; But will hopefully enjoy the holidays ! 
Hey there Cthulhu , down there in your sunken city/You're a billion light years distant/And the stars look very pretty/From R'lyeh~ 
really wants to talk to three people , but two of them haven't been on MSN in ages D: 
finally quit her job ! :D 
now lives in Apartment 113 , 6442 Warriors Wish Apartments , San Fransisco . :D 
' s internet keeps crashing ' cause of Mafia Wars D: 
Nothing lasts forever , and we both know hearts can change/And it's hard to hold a candle in the cold November rain ~ 
R.I.P. Foxie ;__; worst fucking deja vu ever ... 
is eating strawberries and cream . Bit late , as Wimbledon's over , but oh well ... 
is writing four stories at once ( though one's just a oneshot ) .. I must have the shortest attention span ever .. 
is bloody freezing , but at least I got some good photos of the sunset XD 
feels like doing some shameless advertising . http://dustyfic100.proboards.com 
has discovered an epic new manga called Cat Paradise . :3 And one called The 9-Lives , which is this neko yaoi thingy but I couldn't afford both . 
has got her weekends back :D 
is boooorrrreeeedddddd D < 
? And now I realise/I should've kissed you in LA/But I drove home all alone/As if I had a choice anyway ~ ? 
just got back from Newgale after the most epic party ever :D 
is looking forward to the weekend , but is hoping there won't be any homework :P 
Twilight : The book that's making girls everywhere want to fall in love with 110-year-olds who watch them while they sleep . :3 
has a new phone :D 
has a fever ;_; 
is reading 1984 , and so far it's doubleplusgood . :] ... if anyone understood that , I love you . XDD 
bought an LP . XD [/nerd ] 
We don't give a fuck what the price is/So just leave us to our own devices <3 
Am I the only one that's decided what they're wearing tomorrow ? xD 
is mourning the death of her beloved camera . ;__; 
is feeling nostalgic .. XD I just remembered this Beccie quote that Ally mentioned ages ago : " You smell like a house with furry walls and Barbie wallpaper ! " 
Gah . D: I think my typing speed's down .. used to be able to do 69 words a minute . 
Quote of the day : " What are the main growing areas in pants called ? " ~ my science homework 
is attempting a 50,000 word novel . Is it just me , or do I get stupider every year ? 
? Just keep staring at the sun , pray for summer's end ~ <3 
Hondaaa !! :D ( you don't even need to try to understand that ' cause only 3 people will .. ) 
Hmm . 49,256 words to go . 
is meeting Glimmer and Erin Hunter tomorrow :DD Squee ! ~ 
" What's a male ladybird called ? Is it a ... ladymanbird , or something ? " ~ Scott 
? I think I'm fallin ' for you ~ [/yesilikethatsongleavemealone ] 
? I'm feelin ' like a Monday but some day I'll be Saturday night ~ ? 
' s teeth are chattering . XDD ;; 
(: FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of your first memory of me . When finished , paste this paragraph into your own status and see what happens . You'll be surprised what people remember about you ~ 
is drinking milk out of a wine glass . This is about as classy as I get . 
............. urlawn 
" .. my whole life is a dark room . One . Big . Dark . Room . " ~ The Despair Factor -- AFI . ' tis an epic song .. xD 
is watching Aoi Hana ~ (: 
.. where's the bar at the bottom of the page gone ? o.O 
? The drops of rain they fall all over/This awkward silence makes me crazy ~ ? 
feels really ill . >.< 
is in a crap mood . >.> 
is feeling amazing ' cause I'm going to the Erin Hunter signing in Worcester next month 8DDD 
is thinking about doing a dramatic reading of Hidden Prophices . And no , that wasn't a typo . 
lost the game . 
Watashi wa taisaku desu ~ I'm reeeeally hoping that's the Japanese for " I am epic " . If not , I give up , and I'm trying Finnish instead .. XD 
I'm sorry , sixth formers , but how the hell do you expect me to play November Rain in THREE FUCKING MINUTES ? D8 < 
needs help . Urgently . D8 Does anyone have the stuff we did about Hurricane Katrina in geography last year ? I've lost my whole fucking folder .. all I've got is a Bitesize book and a bunch of stuff about oil in Alaska . Gahhh .. DX I'll be dead if I fail this exam . 
... I swear I just saw Rob from Psychostick on CSI . 
needs to finish writing out Christmas cards .. 
needs to get some more music and stuff . :P But has no money ~ 
? And I don't want the world to see me , ' cause I don't think that they'd understand .. ? 
? Don't tell me you're afraid of the past ; it's only the future that didn't last ~ ? 
? It's heads or tails and heart attacks and broken dreams tonight ~ ? 
has an art exam tomorrow , and has a feeling she's going to die . x.x 
? It was the roar of the crowd that gave me heartache to sing/It was a lie when they smiled , and said you won't feel a thing ~ ? 
reeeally needs to finish writing Iron Fist . D: I've finished the prologue of the sequel already .. 
is back from Cardiff ~ :D ' twas amazing . <3 
? I need you like a heart needs a beat , but it's nothing new ~ ? 
just downloaded a bunch of Pink Floyd songs :3 
? You're free to be a freak , change your picture every week/Show the camera you're a superstar .. ? 
Hehehe , this chapter is proving very fun to write : " It was a talent of mine ; I had a strange connection with animals , and could usually tell what they were thinking . In Lady Fluffernut’s case , this usually involved some form of disembowelment . " 
8D Must join the RATM victory status bandwagon . YAY ~ 
D < These spammers are stealing my crayons . 
has discovered how much she likes gin and orange juice . XD 
Best Rowanclaw Day ever . <3 
Don't you just hate it when you've got a song stuck in your head but don't know the words ? :P 
has just realised that the 11:11 wish she made the other night came true ~ XD 
has no muse .. D; Halp ~ 
Gahhhh it's stopped loading again D: PLEASE BE OKAY 5 PLEEEEASE .. 
? .. and I dream of the rain as it falls upon the leaves ~ <3 ? 
is pissed off ' cause 9 still isn't out at Haverfordwest yet .. 
Merry Christmas/Presentmas/whatever you celebrate . :D Hope it's good .. and thanks to all the people that got me presents and cards <3 
" But you're forgetting the true meaning of Christmas ! It's all about remembering the birth of Santa . " ~ Keighley 
is eating cherries . :D I forgot how much I like them .. 
is now smiling uncontrollably . :D Not that I'd want to control it .. 
is having trouble focusing today . : ' D My mum said " hi " to me , and I was like , " .. what ? " and this repeated itself about four times . XD 
is staring hopefully at the phone .. 
Dear Santa ; would like some snow this winter . Thanks . ~ Pippa 
? You and your high-top sneakers and your sailor tattoos/And your old ' 55 that you drove through the roof/Of the sky up above these indifferent stars/When you just kept coming apart , right in my arms .. ? 
is deleting a bunch of stuff I'm a fan of , and is supposedly a member of the " Michael Vick Fan Club " . Who the hell is Michael Vick ? o__O 
Hm .. got another resolution . Stop becoming a fan of stuff . x.x It's annoying having all these Live Feed notification things about stuff I don't really care about .. 
Hm .. first song I listened to this decade was Thriller ~ XD Must remember that . 
Happy 2010 , everyone . <3 
It appears to be sraining . o_O 
No chemical snowmans this year . : c But the snow is still epic <3 
spent much of the last decade complaining about lack of snow , and now on the first day of this decade , it snows . :D I love 2010 already <3 
really wants to know what MLIA is . XD Everyone seems to be talking about it .. 
has new pink headphones for her iPod . XD The quality's great ~ 
got tons of chocolate for Christmas .. so much for New Year's Resolution #4 . : ' D 
is somewhat shocked at various people o.O 
would like some snow tonight .. ideally before tomorrow morning , ensuring lack of school ~ :D 
wants to know what Total Wipeout is because it sounds epic . :D 
.. Facebook apparently wants me to add Percy Jackson as a friend . Have I missed something ? 
" If you have paper and you put green coffee on the paper , the paper will be wet . " ~ Beccie 
? I lit a fire that wouldn't go out/Until it consumed the walls and roof of this house/Now all I remember is burning away/Now all I remember , you're burning away .. ? 
Chocolate brown . .. those of you who I don't know offline .. don't ask . XD 
Next cooking project : a cupcake with a picture of The Source on top . 
spent all her money on Guns ' n ' Roses sheet music . XD 
Sigh . :P 
Hello ; my name is Aeron Cole . Oh , and I love Colour My Heart . <3 
made cookies ~ :D 
.. all these fictional characters keep joining Facebook . o__O 6 just added me as a friend . 
is trying to decide on a cosplay ~ 
wonders how the hell 9 wasn't successful in the UK . It's amazing .. 
.. well , this is one deadline I'll never be able to meet >.< 
? P-p-p-poke the Blizz , p-p-poke the Blizz .. ? Yes , I've been waiting for a first day of a month for ages just so I could say that . XD 
really wants time to go faster .. like , several months faster .. 
is slowly realising how much people suck . :P 
" No mountain or sea , no thing of this world , could keep us apart . Because this is not my world .. you are .. " ~ Colour My World 
has just added Lithuanian to the list of languages she wishes she could speak .. XD 
.. if they're making us do the cross country tomorrow , I'm going to strangle something . 
? Crossing the fine line between you and me/Mixin ' up adjectives , like jealous and sweet .. ? 
keeps feeling the need to reply to all these YDS news statuses with " Are we at war with Eurasia again ? " 
cl_l <-- I made a cup . XD [/toomuchsparetime ] 
.. what the hell has happened to Facebook ? :\ 
was just told by her mum that her new haircut looks like " the ginger one from Girls Aloud " . o_O 
just spent a whole day online clothes shopping to make one outfit . Steampunk is hard work .. :\ 
has been watching Maison Ikkoku again ~ Anyone else think the ending theme sounds like Ultravox ? :D 
" Thanks for fwooshing me off my feet and stitching me back together . " <-- because Valentines Day is always more fun with obscure references . XD 
now has a partly purple room . :D 
should probably get some sleep .. XD It's 4:23 AM and I'm still up . 
managed to stay awake till 2 AM , which is something of an accomplishment for my lazy self . xD 
needs geography halp . D: Did anyone go to site 2 ? I didn't and I need the site description .. 
is finally onto the last part of her geography coursework .. and blames hydraulic radius for it taking this long due to being confusing . D < 
' s current iPod solitaire score is OVER 9000 !!! .. -shot- 
" Give blood . Play rugby . " ~ TV Tropes 
spent a total of £3.24 while she was in England . ' tis kind of sucky when you know everything you want but can't find it in shops anywhere .. xD 
The other day I heard a few Twilight fans discussing Jacob and Edward , before realising what happens if you put their names together . 
Happy National Hug Week ! <3 
wishes teachers would realise that we have lives , instead of expecting us to do four hours ' revision a night . :\ 
has discovered that Sudoku is so much more fun when you've seen 9 . 
" Curse these small grapefruit towns .. " ~ Gloometh over MSN 
is fiiiinally watching 9 ! Thanks , Hawk ~ <3 
has her college interview tomorrow .. o: Wish me luck ~ 
has finally stopped being busy , and hopes to get a lot of sleep tonight . :3 
fiiiinally finished her geography , and thinks she deserves some chocolate . :D 
? Get away , run away , fly away/Lead me astray to dreamers ' hideaway ~ ? 
saw her cat posing with his toy mouse , had an idea for a lolcat , got her camera , and when she got back he'd moved . D: 
has just realised how fun it is to throw 1984 references into everything . : ' D 
really wants to run away to her own little world .. :\ I'm sick of people . I'm sick of everything .. 
Gahhhh , I hate my indecisiveness and random stressing >.< 
D: Why can't Fishguard Cinema send me their listings sooner ? I missed Let The Right One In .. 
Synyster Gates : proof that there is such thing as a Crowning Solo Of Heartwarming . ? 
Awkward prophetic irony is awkward . And sad .. 
Just watched Wristcutters : A Love Story . I think my heart melted at the ending . xD ? 
wants to make some spiral cookies .. 
Awkward . Awkward . Very awkward . 
^-^ ? 
English coursework , I hate you very much . :) 
" Sudenly a gothic old man flu in on his broomstick . He had lung black hair and a looong black bread . He wus werring a blak robe dat sed ‘avril lavigne’ on da back . He shotted a spel and Vlodemort ran away . It was DUMBLYDORE ! " ( In other words .. happy My Immortal Status Day : ' D ) 
was pleasantly surprised to hear Don't You ( Forget About Me ) on the radio on the way home . xD And who says there's nothing good on the radio any more ? ? 
has been watching Heathers for only eight minutes and it's already epicly quotable :') 
feels like doing Operation Beautiful again .. :) 
Question to all my American friends : Do you celebrate Pancake Day over there ? o: 
has discovered how amazing golden syrup is on pancakes . :D 
Ugh ! >.< My site keeps crashing .. I need a better host than Webs . :\ Though most of these little independent hosts require you to have some knowledge of FTP and be amazing at graphics and site design , which I'm not ( though I can do HTML ) , so I'm a bit stuck .. halp ? ? 
Just found out how to make PSP brushes . :D Happy ! 
had fun discussing world domination plans with Jazzle Tabbs , Ben Philpott , Harley Rees , Becky Jayne Blair , and Josie Barrett today : ' D Thanks for cheering me up ? 
Happy with my B in psychology .. :D Got a D in maths , though that was better than I thought I would get .. :\ 
really enjoyed shopping with Timmy Langdon and Tasha ' Nigel ' Wilkinson ~ :) ? 
Apparently there was some problem in one of the nuclear power stations over in Japan .. nothing huge , just a wall blown down .. b-but I'm really terrified that something worse will happen .. ;_; I-I need a hug D: 
Last night's dream was strange , to say the least .. it involved my ex asking me to fix a piano , a cat who yelled " JULIA ! " , and me asking Matt " Are you a random lesbian ? " Anyone good at interpreting dreams ? o_O 
Piano exam went alright this morning .. :D Except sight reading . I completely failed at that . ;_; 
Got 78% on my piano exam , which is a merit ! :D Happyyyy ~ ? 
Anna Gallini , Annie Harries , Hazel Mae Hewins , Alistair Hamilton , and Peter ' Zac ' Scammell .. as the first five friends that showed up on my profile just now , you are my team in a zombie attack . x3 
Looks like another sleepless night ahead .. ;_; 
One more question to do in History , and I shall be homeworkless . :D Well , apart from English coursework .. 
Anyone got the same vocal range as Billie Joe Armstrong ..? I've got sheet music for ¡Viva La Gloria ! but it's for vocals and piano and my voice is too high and I also can't play piano and sing at the same time . xD 
The awkward moment when you're getting a Mullerice out of the fridge and you accidentally knock a pot of sour cream which proceeds to spill all over the floor . :\ 
Today shall forever be known as " the day when the fire alarm randomly decided to go off in the middle of the orchestra concert " . 
Lush day today ! ^-^ Loving the big round yellow thing that seems to have appeared in the sky .. 
Wondering whether Oakwood's open yet . I really feel like going at some point .. 
Why are all these random Spanish/Hawaiian people with no mutual friends showing up on my People You May Know ? o_O 
Anyone know if we had maths homework ? D: 
Just sent my video of Dana drinking from the tap to You've Been Framed . xD 
Bandslash : the reason I can no longer imagine Zacky Vengeance as straight . : ' D 
I really kind of want to write an angsty unrequited love song called " In Soviet Russia You Love Me " . :') 
Really gutted that I didn't get to see The Scary Guy today . D: 
Think I might spend the rest of the afternoon watching Let The Right One In and eating ice cream .. 
I'm just going to stare at my English coursework and cry for a bit .. 
So you know all these 12-year-old girls who say they have " Bieber Fever " .. does that mean I have a " Sevenfold Cold " ? 
Shaking like a leaf in an earthquake .. ;_; I hate being so nervous .. 
Thanks for the birthday messages ? -hugs everyone- 
Is there college on Friday ..? 
Would anyone be able to do me a really big favour tomorrow ? D: I need a lift back to college from STP at 11 .. I'll pay for petrol and stuff ~ 
I fucking hate this week ! ;_; 
Was going to go for a ridiculously long walk today but due to clouds and stuff I stayed home and watched Let The Right One In instead . ' twas very epic . ^_^ 
Today was very epic with Nathan Griffiths , Timmy Langdon , and Adam Stephen James ~ :D Particularly all the random tadpoles . :') 
._. 
Might attempt to learn guitar again .. 
Oakwood was epic ! ^-^ Really glad I finally went on Speed .. pictures will be up soonly ? 
You're just another star , that's burned out too quickly ? 
-climbs messily onto bandwagon- Send me a number and a question and I'll answer ~ Or if you want , just a number and I'll write something about you .. 
118118 : You're very awesome and pretty and we need to talk more because I don't think we've really spoken since school .. o: 
274269 : Epic choice of number . xD Anyway . Bestest friends forever ! :D ? I think that's probably the first time I've used the word " bestest " . : ' D But yesh , you're amazing and really caring and beautiful and awesome and I shall make a point to try and be extra convincing to my parents in my choice of summer holiday location so hopefully we can finally meet . ^_^ I love you ?? 
7 : I wish I could draw as well as you . You're like , really really talented ~ o: ? And also really nice , and you have very pretty eyes .. :) 
I-I kind of feel bad for spamming everyone's newsfeed now ;-; 
236 : ? ^_^ Epicfriend ! :D You're a really lovely person and you always seem to be able to cheer me up .. and also , you have amazing taste in jewellery . xD And you're very beautiful also ~ o: 
666 : Awesome person who I need to talk to more . o: You're cute and pretty and I love your energy .. :D I sort of wish we'd met a few years earlier , back in my fangirl days , so we could obsess over Billie Joe together ~ x3 
This is the last one I'm doing , as I'm a bit worried that I'm getting annoying with these .. :') 

42 : We should totally talk more often ~ o: You seem really cute and nice and stuff .. :D 
Damn , missed 11:11 .. :\ 
Hello there , the angel from my nightmare .. ? 
Just attempted a maths paper , and I'm about 108.5% sure I'm going to fail .. D: 
Got some really awesome presents today from Eden Brooke Hewins ~ ^_^ Love you Eden ! ? -hugs- Also , the CDs I ordered finally arrived .. I'm hoping my neighbours like Bloodsimple and Children Of Bodom .. 
Just had one of those famous " late-night phone calls " that surveys are always asking about .. 
There's a new Hellogoodbye album ? Day = made . ^_^ 
Just had a thought . Why does Kate have to change her name to Princess Catherine and Prince Harry isn't Prince Harold ? o_O 
In need of some maths help . D: 
Am I right in saying there's an inset day at STP tomorrow ..? 
The awkward moment when you're attempting to write out a message and you realise just what an invertebrate you are . :\ [/nerdymetaphor ] 
Happy Star Wars Day ~ 
is probably going to go to bed now .. 
Think I might try and finish that dress . Got 37 shinies sewn onto it so far .. 
is attempting to write . Got 2742 words in this chapter so far , but I'm aiming for 4000 .. 
-sigh- Wish I didn't let stuff like this bother me so much . It's not healthy .. 
Today was amazingggg ~ :D Highlights included karaoke , hugs ( as always ? ) , and the high probability of [ spoiler ] happening .. 
just had a hot chocolate but sort of wishes it could've been mint flavoured . :\ 
seems to have built up a dangerous pattern of staring blankly at her homework for half an hour , completely stuck . :\ Also , I have a couple of CDs in need of homes .. if anyone's interested , message me .. :D 
" It's amazing how a donkey and a carrot can be in the same band without fighting . " Ah , this brings back memories .. :D I love looking through old notebooks . <3 
needs to finish two chapters from separate stories today . This could be difficult .. 
just Facebook-poked Sion , but the little hand didn't go away , so there's just a hand poking the air on my homepage .. xD 
' s watch is fixed after its ordeal with a rounders bat yesterday . :D 
is in a " FUCK YOU I WON'T DO WHAT YOU TELL ME " mood . :P 
" Skins On Elm Street : Because we all know Freddie's not really dead .. " A life -- I need it . : ' D 
thinks someone ought to draw a picture with Brown on one side , Cameron on the other , each pulling on one of Clegg's arms and saying , " MINE ! " 
is wondering how she's going to explain tonight's inevitable insomnia to her parents . 
needs ways to make another £ 2,500 or so by Christmas without being able to get a job till after the exams . D: Any ideas ? 
is freezing . D: Time to curl up in a blanket .. <3 
has somehow made the whole house smell of incense . xD 
That moment of win when you discover you actually have a dental appointment at two thirty . :') 
I'll make it through the moments without you ; I've chosen exile for the view ~ ? 
may be able to get the computer fixed , but if not it's goodbye to £300 of potential Canada money . -sob- I fucking hate viruses . Why would anyone want to just randomly destroy someone's computer , anyway ? 
thinks she may have lost everything .. ;_; Computer's been destroyed by viruses . Please , please let those backed up files be safe .. 
? You and your high top sneakers and your sailor tattoos/And your old ' 55 that you drove through the roof/Of the sky up above these indifferent stars/When you just kept coming apart , right in my arms .. ? 
Don't you cry tonight ; there's a heaven above you , baby <3 
is on a metaphorical plane to Japan , in the process of an extremely long hug . [/weird ] 
has just realised that one of the characters from a story she wrote last year is basically a 15-year-old Lady Gaga . o_o 
Alexisonfire ~ <3 
? Did you hear your favourite song one last time ? ~ ? 
Oh , and thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday <3 -hugs- 
" Welcome to the Department Of Redundancy Department , " welcomed the tour guide of the Department Of Redundancy Department in welcome to the visitors who were visiting the Department Of Redundancy Department . 
has a dead arm , but is cheering herself up by thinking about the last time she had a dead arm . :D 
So I'm currently writing this story where , among other things , Julian and Nige are evil geniuses ( or is it genii ? I'm half asleep right now and fail at grammar ) , and Wayne Cousins works for them , and he's in love with this superhero called The Game who has the power of mind control . This is going to be fun . :D 
fell asleep whilst revising science . Oops . 
feels sorry for the scientist from 9 after discovering that burlap's a bitch to work with . xD 
is looking forward to the summer . ^_^ 
feels lonely . : c 
is working on a song , but can't figure out a chorus . :\ 
I'm feeling a bit worried that I've become kind of arrogant since I started college . D: I'm sorry if I am .. 
Jazz Tabbs , the CD you lent me is amazing . :D Thank youuu ~ ?? -hugs- 
is wondering if the book she found on Canada last time she was here is still here .. 
woke up this morning thinking it was a Saturday , and feels let down . Also really wants to go to Tenby and isn't even sure why . 
seems to be having another impulsive but futile day .. strange wants of the day include choc ices and painting my nails pink . 
had a dream last night involving a song called " Gerbil Brocolli " . I think there's something wrong with me . 
was looking through an old notebook and found such masterpieces as " I Can't Draw Anthro Cats Running " and " An Eager Zacky And A Rather Scared Brian " . Also , I will take this opportunity to say that Coheed And Cambria are bloody amazing . ??? 
.. did " Become a fan " come back briefly last night or did I just dream it ? o.O 
' 80s hair . I has it . <3 
Team Peeta : Because real men only sparkle in the sun when you're high off killer wasp stings . -nod- 
has applied for about ten different jobs . Let's hope I get one of them .. 
Let's get these teen hearts beating faster , faster <3 
And I don't want the world to see me/'cause I don't think that they'd understand/When everything's made to be broken/I just want you to know who I am .. <3 
is finally past the 3000-word mark on her chapter . :D Just another 1000 or so to go .. 
was cheered up after the conversation she dreamed about last night happened for real . o.O 
was told by a website that she writes like Stephen King and approves of this very much . <3 
I'm not a saint , that's easy to tell ; but guess what honey , you ain't no angel <3 
wants to go to Vietnam after Canada . <3 
just had some Thai Noodle Salad from Food & Wine , and has discovered it's virtually impossible to eat noodles using a plastic spoon . :\ 
I hand you my mortal life , but will it be forever ? ~ <3 
is feeling somewhat lonely , and would like a hug . :\ 
Hm .. shall do number thingy , I think . :D Message me a number and I'll post something about you . <3 
? Right now there's a war between the vanities/But all I see is you and me/The fight for you is all I've ever known .. so come home .. <3 ? 
wants a # hat . 
Why is " monosyllabic " such a long word ? :\ 
Hello there , the angel from my nightmare .. 
8 : An awesome person who I've always admired :D 
is going to use tonight's 11:11 to wish for a warm summer . And by a warm summer , I don't mean sitting around in front of a heater while it's pouring with rain outside . 
My mum was saying about this school where the kids got snowed in and had to stay there overnight , which got me wondering what would happen in the college in that situation . My immediate thought : Massive hide and seek game ! : ' D 
has finally managed to re-gain internet access after it was down for several hours , and would appreciate a hug . 
wishes her cat would stop standing in front of the screen at important moments . XD 
Anyone know of a free web host that doesn't require using templates ? :\ I've got a site I need hosted , but have already done the HTML and such .. 
has finally got her internet back , and got to do a little destructive fun in the process . :D 
? Sitting in this room playing Russian Roulette/Finger on the trigger for my dear Juliet .. ? 
This morning's stickynoting expedition was fun . xD Most of them had disappeared by the time I got back from STP , though .. D: 
has the house to herself today , finally . :D So many horror movies , so little time .. 
had a dream last night that her computer went all weird because someone left milk next to it . o__O 
was just cheered up a tiny bit thanks to psychokinetic .. ness . Must find actual word . 
.. my mum lied . Computer is still dead . 
really hopes this ash cloud thing will be gone by September .. ;_; 
loves 11:11 . As in , /really/ loves it . <3 
Can't keep my eyes from the circling skies ; tongue-tied and twisted , just an earth-bound misfit .. <3 
I'm having nightmares all the time , of running out of words that rhyme ~ <3 
really must stop starting things before she finishes other things . D: 
Mmkay , analytical Facebook page-related status of the moment . "" I love him . " " How long have you been dating ? " " 2 days " " You're an idiot . "" <-- .. what if you loved him before that and he didn't know about it ? o.o 
.. urlawn . 
would like to wish everyone a happy Star Wars Day . x3 ;; 
thinks we should have parties instead of lessons more often . 
Hm .. y'know how some songwriters get discovered by singing their songs on YouTube .. should I do that ? 
is somewhat pissed off at Vampire Wars as it keeps giving me opponents who are about four levels higher than me . D: 
o: ! -lightbulb appears above head- I just figured out a solution to global warming . Breed a load of sponges in the ocean so that they'll soak up the extra sea water . xD 
Do you ever find that there's someone who you've only spoken to a few times , who you see every day , and who you constantly want to punch in the face ? :P 
It's heads or tails and heart attacks and broken dreams tonight <3 
825 : o: A really lovely person and a great friend ~ :D You're really sweet and also very beautiful and I always love talking to you <3 
just tried using Facebook in Vietnamese . xD " Mobile Web " is " Web Di ?? ng " . 
thinks she may have ended up with food poisoning or something . D: 
December , please ? D: 
" See , graphs are science and aruging with science is pointless because science is right and stuff . " .. Adam Wilson , you officially win . xD 
.. my Secret Santa on The Quills wrote me a Darkleycest fic . My life is now complete . :') <3 
? I'm feelin ' like a Monday but some day I'll be Saturday night ~ <3 ? 
just realised she's eaten nothing today , and is not even hungry . o__O 
found a book today called " THE LAWN EXPERT " , and wonders if it was written by a Warriors Wish member . 
is wondering how long it'll be before we start seeing groups about today's English paper . xD 
is freeee ~ :D 
is sure she can smell potato smilies . 
feels sick . This is what happens when you eat sweets called things like " Toxic Waste Nuclear Sludge " . 
" Roses are red ; violets are blue . In Soviet Russia , poem writes you . " :D 
Today's hugs were amazing ~ :D The guy with the glasses who randomly joined us was a bit scary/awkward , though . xD 
is wondering why practically everyone's Facebook status is " I like it on the floor " . xDD 
Hehe .. potential Insomnia quote of the moment : " Have another drink -- it's all on me . " " Thanks , but I'm a billionaire . " 
needs a new profile pic . :\ 
Triangular toast is good . :D Nom nom nom .. 
hates that part of writing where you have to write a bunch of boring stuff before the actual story begins . ;_; 
? So never mind the darkness , we still can find a way ; nothing lasts forever , even cold November rain ~ <3 ? 
.. and baby don't cry ; ' cause you had my heart , at least for the most part ~ <3 
" Non-refundable is like steroids ... but more legal . " -- Hawk 
? My heart knows me better than I know myself , so I'm gonna let it do all the talking ~ ? 
is feeling slightly ill . Should not have eaten the whole of that Chocolate Mug Cake myself . 
really kind of wishes she could dance . 
wonders if she's the only one being made to revise all day . >.<;; 
It's that time of year again .. time to play Colour My Fate ~ :D 
never thought she'd find herself saying this , but the weekend is going too slowly . :P 
Oh ! Almost forgot .. " You are all individuals ! " " Yes , we are all individuals ! " 
I hate it all , but there must be more to hate than this ~ <3 
? And a word to the wise when the fire dies/You think it's over but it's just begun ~ ~ ? 
has come up with a theory that the Conservatives are all made in a top-secret factory and that's why they all seem to look the same . :D 
Your tears don't fall ; they crash around me ~ <3 
Yay , managed to survive a day in my ankle-killing boots . xD 
is in England once again .. 
.. do you think maybe things would improve if you actually listened to the people who try to make your life better ? :\ 
? Today is Poke The Blizz Day/So poke the Blizz/'cause if you don't/It'll make me sad ~ ? Wow . I never realised Fallenpebble was such a great songwriter <3 
just had a little happy fangirlish moment when someone with an Irish accent called . xD I love Irish accents ~ <3 
has discovered it's not a terribly good idea to walk around in her room in pitch darkness whilst carrying a teddy bear , a camera , and a tea towel . 
And on my way down , I'm gonna paint all the towns . <3 
Does anyone have the song Decode by Paramore ? I need to learn it by tomorrow and I have no iTunes credit . D: 
? and ?. ^_^ 
is watching all the different School Days endings on YouTube , but can't find the one she wants to watch . D: 
" Mum's being smelly about the All Time Low thing . " ~ Beccie 
? So while you're outside looking in , describing what you see ; remember what you're staring at is me .. ? 
just got to the first epic quote in my story . x3 Though it's said by a a different character than I originally planned .. 
feels like she's being ignored . : c Or perhaps I'm just too clingy .. 
Ugh .. I'm fucking breaking down .. this isn't supposed to happen . I'm meant to be optimistic .. 
just heard an epic quote regarding Twilight : " It also claims that " true love " is when your boyfriend is abusive and wants to eat you . " 
555 : I don't know you very well , but you seem awesome , and we should talk more ~ :D 
Are you there ? ;_; I'm missing you .. 
feels the need to hug a lot of people . <3 
4 : <3 One of my best friends , and it makes me sad that we don't see each other much any more .. D: I love your cheerfulness and your little spontaneous moments , and you have a great singing voice ~ :D I have tons of great memories of you , and you always know how to cheer me up ~ :3 
will be away from tomorrow until Saturday . :\ This is going to be a slow week .. 
really hopes the Tories don't win . :\ 
You're just another star that's burned out too quickly , but I still see you shining <3 
? You hit me just like heroin ; feel you coursing through my veins .. ? 
Time for some Bullet , methinks . :) 
feels like going away for a week to some other country where no one speaks English . 
is typing up Chapter 2 . [ spoiler ] is turning out like a cross between O'Brien from 1984 and Freddy Krueger .. 
Don't you just love those moments when your mum calls you in and you think you've done something terrible , but she's actually just giving you £20 ? :D 
Trying to write a song by a fictional band is difficult . D: ' specially when the song that's stuck in your head doesn't sound anything like it .. 
is in a very good mood . :D My day has been made ~ 
? I'll take what you're willing to give , and I'll teach myself to live , as a walk on part of a background shot from a movie I'm not in .. ? <3 
walked up the Irrational Flight Of Stairs in Haverfordwest today , before having to walk down two steep hills in heels in the rain . Is it just me , or am I extremely stupid ? 
thinks all the WW people should look on the fanfic board at the narmful story she wrote when she was twelve . : ' D [/shamelessadvertising ] 
is disappointed . D: Sounded fine on my phone , but the computer completely fucked up my voice .. ;_; 
She's blinded by the fear , of life and death and everything inbetween ~ <3 
Oh ! Also , who's this Chloe Davies person everyone seems to be talking about ? xD I feel like I'm missing something .. 
" We're in Tesco's for orchestra next week .. uh , wait , I mean Taskers . " " It'd be awesome if it was actually in Tesco , though . " " Yeah .. please prepare to push your cello off the end of the conveyer . " :') 
is thinking of making a webcomic based on those cartoons I used to do in year 7-9 .. : ' D 
has learned a valuable lesson . This is what happens when you stay up till one in the morning reading .. 
Eden Brooke Hewins is awesome . :D That is all . <3 
Ever find yourself suddenly wanting to watch a movie that you haven't seen in years ? 
is kind of sad that the orchestra course is over , but is also somewhat worn out . : ' D 
just recorded Chapter 5 of Hidden Prophices onto her phone . Now .. how do I convert . amr files into . wav or similar ..? 
.. so apparently I'm being Facebook-stalked by a bunch of people from Pembroke School .. : ' D Hello , Pembroke people ~ <3 
needs to get on with typing up Chapter 4 of Insomnia by the end of today .. it's kind of a long chapter . :\ 
Very very happy ! :D -happydance- 
really , really needs some sleep . Was glancing at the back of my leaver's hoodie and where it says " Price " and " Jack " next to it , I misread it as " Prick " . o.O 
You know you're slightly crazy when you start growling at YouTubers for using all these crappy Three Days Grace songs . :\ 
? I know I've felt this way before , but now I'm feelin ' it even more , because it came from you ~ ? 
just watched the video of A Little Piece Of Heaven . Now my day feels complete ( almost ) . : ' D 
My computer is now called Smiley , apparently . xD 
-sigh- Parents are being overprotective again .. it's a fucking /cinema/ , mum , not a moshpit . :\ 
Strawberries and cream with sugar , nom nom nom . <3 
Oh .. hello , microphone . How thoughtful of you to not come with any software or instructions . 
has managed to get the microphone working , but it's all static-y . : c 
" Nobody's Perfect But being Welsh is the Closest your going to get . " <-- Not if you can't spell " you're " . :\ 
Scary Security Lady has now become Scary Homophobic Security Bitch . Warning : Bezerk Button activated . 
.. you know those awkward moments where you add someone as a friend and then realise you don't actually know them but they have the same name as someone you do know ? Yeah . Just happened to me . :\ Also , hug a nerd day !! is tomorrow . I expect many hugs from everyone . <3 
is listening to Bulletproof by Kerli . ^_^ Epic song <3 
thinks that Anna Steve Wills is epic . ^_^ <3 
The game loses when it thinks about Julian and Nige . (: 
has a new fluffy toy seal called Seeley . :D 
" .. when an air mass moves from its source area to another area , and then goes back to the source . " <-- Geography , you are my new favourite subject . 
" /\ = 
angry ! " 
.. oh , how I love StarKits Prophcy . : ' D 
.. so I'm guessing from everyone's statuses that The X Factor is on . 
A dream would be nice tonight . Haven't dreamed in a while .. 
just saw an owl :D 
Is it just me or does time actually physically stop when you're waiting for stuff to arrive in the post ? 
Why do Sims hurry everything so much ? o.o I mean , little Aeron and Jared here have known each other for two days and they're already married .. 
really kind of wants to learn to play the ukulele . :D 
, Leah Davies , and Catrin M Thomas are apparently going to Mongolia to start a yak farm .. and I get to tend the rabbits :D 
thinks " Angelfish Smoothie " would make a good band name . ( A metaphorical hug/cookie goes to anyone who gets that reference . xD ) 
is part of the Purple Blanket Heap . :D [/insidejoke ] 
had a zombie apocolypse dream last night , and wonders how her necrophiliac character Sophia would react in such a situation .. 
just lost the game . :D 
-sigh of relief- Finally have presents for all my college friends . Now I just need to get stuff for my parents and a few internet people .. 
666 : A very cute and epic person with great taste in music :D 
Mmkay , Facebook , this new profile is very shiny and everything , but when are you going to get round to fixing the chat ? 
is feeling sad for no reason . : c 
Everything is all snowy and pretty and stuff . o: 
These number statuses are making me smile :) <3 
is working on a Mary Sue meme . Apparently my full name is Dust Roxanna Chiri Fuschia Obisidian Razor Kokomotsu Daniella Tawny Topaz Kitten Chagrin Willow LeCornFlake . :3 
really needs a job . :\ Anyone know if there are any available anywhere ..? [/overuseofthewordany ] 
has been wrapping various Christmas presents and is now all sparkly due to the wrapping paper . 
would like a hug , please . : c <3 
has managed to get hold of a copy of Ulysses , finally . :D Now , just 732 pages of " bronze by gold heard the hoofrons , steelyringing imperthn thnthnthn " to get through ~ 
thinks that StarKits Prophcy was written by Jared Leto . I mean , just look at the music video of The Kill -- about three and a half minutes in , that's blatantly the HoBare in that hotel room . xD And then the chorus .. does it not sound like he's singing " ALL I WANTED WAS JEW ~ " ? Okay .. crack theory over . 
is attempting to write a literate version of StarKits Prophcy Chapter 3 ( the second one ) . Let the mindraep begin .. 
has a blanket . <3 
? And I don't see no holes in the road for you ; find another place to fall ~ ~ <3 
Bringing Christmas presents in on Friday . :D 
is 19 pages into Ulysses .. after an hour of reading it . [/fail ] 
340987580678037603760876-2760587603763508674208670-7630- 96735097.5 : You're awesome and unique and soooo pretty :D And you give epic hugs <3 
" You're amazing . <3 " " You're more amazing . Far more amazing . " " No .. you are .. " Yeah , so now I get what people mean when they say the best relationships have arguments . XDD 
has three presents to send abroad and one to England , and no money for postage . D: Stupid expensive postal system .. 
" All eyes turned to a pale girl with choppy auburn hair ; her attention seemed to be divided , focused more on the ice cream she was eating than on the conversation . " <-- No prizes for guessing who this is . : ' D 
' s dad just brought in a toad . I have a feeling this is going to be a somewhat surreal day .. 
Hehe .. funny quote just invented itself in my head . " You're as pointless as a circle ~ " 
always gets confused about some of the stuff people Like . o_o I mean , it's strange to see : " [ name ] likes Pretending not to care when you're dying inside .. <3 " 
BFMV were amaaaaazing ! :D <3 And I'm really happy that Atreyu did play after all .. ^.^ Pics shall be up soon .. 
' s cat seems to be snoring . :3 
" If you see Kay , tell him today ; see you in tea , tell him from me . " Aww .. poor Britney probably thought she was being all original .. what makes this even more epic is the fact it was published in 1922 ~ x3 
feels like doing some YouTube-hopping . 
just watched The Nightmare Before Christmas for the first time in about six years :D Epic film <3 
Heh .. there's a town in Ireland called Kilcullen . Wonder how many Twilight haters live there . :D 
really needs a new profile pic . :\ Also , has anyone read Invisible Monsters by Chuck Palahniuk and if so is it good ? :D -wants to read- 
Don't you just hate it when you're trying to watch something serious and then an advert on the side of the page starts singing about scratchcards ? 
needs help quickly .. what's a really boring sport to watch ? 
My dad seems to have developed a fascination with trying to figure out whether members of Visual Kei bands are male or female . 
I know you'll find your own way , when I'm not with you <3 
Be careful what you do , ' cause I'm not bulletproof ~ <3 
just did a dramatic reading of the first page and a half of Antigua . My head hurts . x_x 
? The more I think , the more I wish I/Could push " stop " and hit " rewind " /What I'd give to have a day back then/When no one really cares/I remember we all used to/Kick back , take days off school/So many times I've smiled/So many times I've cried/But never did we try .. ? I'd forgotten how emotional this song makes me . <3 Love it muchly .. 
is really glad to be home . :D And needs a name for her new story .. 
actually had a rather epic day at her new job . :D 
? Happy ~ Want it to be next Wednesday . I like Wednesdays .. 
.. well that was an adorable dream . o_o 
? _ ? <-- Epic smiley is epic . <3 
hates worrying about people , and hates it even more when it's my fault .. D: 
' s voice keeps going all Northern . o_o I just said out loud to myself , " I loove that . " [/oohmeaccentsslipping ] 
" Soon Facebook will no longer support profile boxes from applications . " Yeah , ' cause making our profiles even more boring is totally going to make us stay on Facebook .. 
Struggling a bit with English presentation . Are we meant to go into detail about the poems or just the overall style ..? 
Anyone know how to rename iPods ? xD I bought this one second-hand and it's called " Ann's iPod " .. 
Rick Astley would give you up for Chuck Norris . 
" If only Marcus was gay . " ~ Matt . xD I love quotes that make perfect sense in context but sound really awkward otherwise .. : ' D 
wants to start a band called " Vlodemort And The Deth Deelers " . [/myimmortalreference ] 
has a feeling the next Facebook update will be that all statuses are required to be written in newspeak . 
D: I hate it when I disagree with someone's status and have a really good argument against it in my head but I'm afraid if I comment it'll end up as a flame war and people will hate me .. 
Supposedly 32,000 people like " hearing something that kills you inside , and having to act like you're fine " . People have weird tastes these days .. 
loves how formal Facebook gets about poking people . xD " You are about to poke Sion . He will be notified of this on his homepage . " 
had an awesome morning with the rest of the Happy Nightmares . :D 
This seems to have been a week of noticing epic things .. like how in The Breakfast Club , Brian(the nerdy one)'s car registration is " EMC2 " . : ' D 
Today's band practice went epicly . :D <3 Tragic Dreamer is going to be awesome once it's properly worked out .. 
I know this sounds crazy , but I really kind of want it to be September . :\ 
has now read all of the xkcd comics . <3 
http://iwl.me <-- According to this site , I write like Charles Dickens . xD This makes me happy ~ 
went over to St. Davids to visit a few friends today . :D And was then stupid and missed the bus because she was standing on the wrong side of the road . -headdesk- 
BFMV tomorrow ! :D <3 Squeeee ~ 
Well , that wasn't as bad as I thought it would be . :D Five A*s , four As , and a B .. and a Crowning Moment Of Heartwarming to go with it ~ 
.. they're at it again . xD Somehow , those two teddy bears on the armchair next to my computer desk always end up in awkward positions .. 
is wondering why MTV insists on making an American version of Skins . :\ Is the British version not good enough for them or something ..? 
Hm . A French version of HF . This should be interesting . 
I'll be your best kept secret and your biggest mistake <3 
Welcome to multilingual Midnight hotline . For speak cat , 1 you press . For speak rabbit , 2 you press . That is number shaped like swan , by the way . For speak fox , 3 you press . For speak badger , 4 you press . For speak hedgehog , 5 you press , and for speak person , 6 you press . For person , a charge there may be . [/warriorsreference ] 
After the story I just read , this chapter is going to be hard and somewhat tearjerking to write . ;_; 
? ) <--- cyclops smiley . 
.. okay , that's it . Once I've finished this story , I'm metaphorically taking this character out for ice cream and hugs . : c 
has just discovered it's possible for a virtual cat to get hiccups . :') 
" It was always easy to tell when Toby was happy , and now was one of those times : he was giving one of his drunken “I love you” speeches , Luca being today’s victim . " Hehe .. first of a long line of subtle hints that my characters Toby and Luca are a couple . xD I love subtext . <3 
Yay ! Pieces Of Flair is working again . <3 This makes me happy ~ 
You know you're addicted to WW when you see something about Kate Moss and feel weird that " moss " has a capital M . 
needs a hug . D: 
44 : You're really nice , and amazing at singing .. :D 
Cat + iPod headphones = hours of fun . Well , until the cat manages to break the headphones .. 
is taking her potential Halloween costume idea way too seriously . : ' D 
Time goes so much more slowly when you're waiting for the headphones you ordered to arrive .. 
had a good first day at college . :D Leah Davies , you'd like it there -- the food is great . ^_^ 
Aww , my cat's snoring . :3 <3 How cute .. 
Attempt at drawing mermaids + ability only to draw cat people = Catfish ! :D 
Ah , yes .. one of those bizarre moments in which I somehow have London Underground and ( Everything I Do ) I Do It For You stuck in my head at the same time . 
' s hair is now auburn . :D Or at least , more so than it was . <3 
had a strange dream last night . Among other things it involved a human gel pen named Edward ( see my notes for details ) and a new rule in college stating that the only shoes we were allowed to wear were flip flops . x3 ;; 
was looking through a list of Spanish names and came across " Macarena " . I feel sorry for the kid who gets named that .. 
? Dinosaur crew , dinosaur crew , we are all in the dinosaur crew ~ ? .. as you can probably guess , today was awesome .. xD 
just re-pierced her ears , which somehow didn't hurt . xD 
Today's bus journey home was actually kind of good . It's always better when someone is playing I'm On A Boat on their phone .. :D 
Avenged Sevenfold , The Birthday Massacre , Hawthorne Heights , and a whole day to myself . <3 Has a happy . :D 
would like a rainbow cookie , but can't have one until tomorrow ._. 
was listening to her Journey album on the way home and realised she has the same vocal range as Steve Perry . xD 
Current mood : " Squeeeee ~ <3 " 
is metaphorically shitting herself about tomorrow . D: I don't want to faillll .. 
had a really epic night with Jazzle Tabbs , Matthew Stringfellow , Nathan Griffiths , Simon James , and Wayne Cousins ~ :D Love you all muchly ! <3 
36 : You're epic and strange ( in a good way ) and you give good hugs . :D And your eyes are pretty ~ 
? A flicker of a smile , you should try it just once in a while ; maybe it's not quite your style ~ ? 
Bye bye , Indian Summer . : c 
had an amazing girly chat with Jazzle Tabbs and Josie Barrett today . xD And is now a tad more .. knowledgable ~ [/insidejoke ] 
Yes , mum , of course all 17-year-olds drive at 100mph and crash into every available object and die . [/sarcasm ] 
has been reading some of her old diary entries , and realises what a total bitch she was a few years back . D: I'm sorry , everyone .. 
had a bizarre dream last night in which Orlando Bloom left a message for Leah saying he was planning on becoming a woman soon . 
just received some MAGIC ! in the post . :DD Thank you , Eden Brooke Hewins , you are officially awesome ~ ^_^ ?? -hug- 
Haircut tomorrow , yay ! :D Also , today marks exactly five years since I bought my first Green Day album .. I'm not sure why I remember this , but even so , I would probably be a lot different now if I hadn't . x3 
just remembered a conversation she overheard in town the other day . xD Girl : You're gay ! Boy : Look who's talking . You're the one who fancies Justin Bieber . 
And I would have stayed up with you all night , had I known how to save a life . <3 
would like a hug , please . <3 
finally finished her English essay ~ :D Yay . Now to get on with my story .. 
Just smile dear , make them thankful for every breath ~ ? 
OneRepublic album + half a Journey album + incense stick = time taken to sew fifteen shinies onto my cryomancer dress . This is going to take forever .. D: 
.. I swear Warriors Wish has somehow laid eggs in my brain . o_o Right now the following is going round in my head : " Sunnethly I see , this is what I wanna be ~ " 
" These two could make good friends ( and even possibly more ) . The Clueless Uke and Innocent Uke would share many of the same interests . " <-- Pippa Sztencel likes this . 
D: I know I hate reposting stuff , but I just found something I really agree with and want to post , but I don't want to be a hypocrite .. 
Could everyone , like .. not post on my wall for a while ? : ' D There's been a bit of misunderstanding .. 
" He had a long black bread and an Avril Lavigne T-shirt . It was ........ DUMBLYDORE ! " 
really hopes there's some way she can just spend the whole weekend sleeping . 
http://sushimitzu.deviantart.com/art/Cursor-Metal-122385042 .. this is amazing . 
would like to wish everyone a happy Lose The Game Day . :D <3 
just realised something that's often mentioned in Facebook pages , and feels a little self-conscious about it . o_o Does the fact that I use full stops make me seem angry ..? 
Hm .. think I might find those hair clips I bought a while back and make some cat ears . :) 
" “Snaketail what art thou doing ? ” called Voldemort . Then he started coming ! " I love how My Immortal can always cheer me up . xD 
? Hate to love and love to hate her , like a broken record player ~ ? 
Sorry to make today less special for everyone , but 10/10/10 actually happens every 100 years , not 1000 . : c 
really wants a rainbow scarf . :D But I can't find one online , so I'll probably have to make one .. 
It's always a nightmare , it's never a dream ; a promise we made to kill the days between . <3 
Ahhhh . :D Finally finished the Christmas shopping . Now it's time for some spaghetti hoops on toast .. [/sixyearold ] 
Halloween dress is nearly finished ~ :D Just need to put some elastic in it and stitch on all the little shiny sequin thingies .. 
Ugh . Really ill right now . >.< Hungry , too , but my throat hurts too much to eat stuff .. 
So while you're outside looking in , describing what you see .. remember what you're staring at is me ~ <3 
will probably need a moderate dose of brainbleach once I'm done writing this short story .. 
Hm .. haven't been watching The X Factor at all ( though I've had a general idea of what's going on from Facebook ) , but I must admit , I hadn't actually heard of Rebecca until tonight . xD 
" Particles are all around us in the air . " " I just poked a particle . " " Aww , it's crying now . " Yay nostalgia : ' D 
.. really kind of terrified , to be honest . 
690 : Pretty much since we met I've always looked up to you ( perhaps even before that xD ) and I'm really glad we became friends , ' cause you're an amazing friend and really funny and talented ~ :) <3 
is reading a webcomic called " I Was Kidnapped By Lesbian Pirates From Outer Space !!! " . I love having too much time on my hands . :') 
kind of needs help finishing a short story . :\ 
-sigh- I hate missing people . : c 
.. what the fuck am I supposed to do if you won't even try ? ;_; 
just played Frozen Bubble for the first time since about Year 8 , and got to Level 27 . o_o I do not remember being this good at it . 
Hm .. once my EMA comes through , I've got a lot of clothes to buy .. :D 
" Jls Condoms , whats next ? the saturdays tampons . " Or maybe Avenged Sevenfold thigh heaters . -shot- 
was looking through this book catalogue that came in the mail a few days back . Apparently there's a book called " The Game " . 
" And that guy's obviously fantasising about his boyfriend . I can tell from that little smile he's doing . " " That's not telepathy , that's gaydar ! " .. this story is proving to be very fun to write .. : ' D 
-steps cautiously onto bandwagon- 2010 is nearly over .. like this staus if I've made you smile or laugh this year . :) 
should've kept her hair long . :\ 
Hm .. the next person I'm friends with on Facebook will be my 300th friend . :D 
Today was epic and amazing and stuff . :D <3 I love epic little coincidences .. 
So I'm taking all these surveys and stuff to get Gaia Cash . One of them rejected me because I said I don't play COD . Why do I get the feeling this is a pretty accurate picture of the world as a whole ? :') 
.. that awkward moment when your mum calls one of your male friends cute . o_O 
seems to have developed a habit of making a little heart shape with her hands whenever she finds something cute . 
I never thought a 19th century version of HF could be so interesting to write about .. 
shall be dying her hair dark brown , possibly today or possibly tomorrow . :D 
is ill , and would like a hug please . : c 
-sigh- Ever find yourself wishing you could've somehow saved someone you never even knew or met or spoke to ? 
had a really epic day with Matt Stringfellow ~ :D I love you <3 
is looking forward to Halloween .. but has no idea how to make this dress . D: Need halp .. 
Yay ! For once , something I created got the exact response I wanted .. 
Wayne Cousins is my official good luck charm . :D <3 
:D !!!! My parents didn't say no . It's not a definite yes , but it's a probable yes . This makes me very happy . <3 I need to get in touch with a few people before it can be a definite yes .. 
HF likes having his ears stroked . ;) 
According to the dream I had last night , The Rev went to StarClan . :) <3 
It's already Christmas in Australia .. o: 
.. and if you love me , won't you let me know ? <3 ? 
I hate when I have a cold and under my nose gets all sore and I end up with a little red Hitler moustache . D: 
The stars in the night , they lend me their light , and bring me closer to heaven with you ~ <3 
My status disappeared ! D: 
121 : o: You are really nice and very very pretty ~ :D 
GivesMeHope has put me in one of those crazy idealistic moods again .. anyone feel like going round college with me tomorrow sticking " you are beautiful " sticky-notes everywhere , or would that be too weird ? :D 
Do not want new profile , please and thank you . :) 
007 : I've always loved how optimistic you are , and your little moments of randomness never fail to make me laugh ~ xD The world needs more people like you . :D 
Hehe , I love ' 90s game soundtracks . xD This one , at least .. 
Let me get this straight : Larry King is getting his 8th divorce , Elizabeth Taylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Britney Spears had a 55 hour marriage , Jesse James and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Are you kidding me ? Repost to your page if you agree ; proud to support equal rights for ALL . 
..! -lightbulb appears above head- Now , if only I had £54 .. 
is wondering what a psychiatrist would've said about my seven-year-old self , a delusional rainbow-vomiting hippie who occasionally slipped into American accents and believed she was from another planet . 
Plan to get parents in a good mood failed slightly . :\ They're not pissed off , but not exactly Happy Sunshine Rainbows .. 
Actually , I think I'll bring presents in tomorrow .. though some haven't arrived yet , but I have no idea when they will arrive ' cause I haven't had dispatch notices for most of them yet . D: 
Just reinstalled the game that I spent most of my childhood playing . :') 
was just interrogated by her parents about Matt D: Still , could've been worse . xD 
Gah ! D: Why'd Facebook have to change the profiles ? What's the point ? 
My newest character : a Lithuanian tightrope walker . : ' D 
Got roughly two to four days to read about 300 pages . :\ Wish me luck .. 
Well that was the first maths paper that's ever made me cry . 
Nom nom nom snow . ? ? 
.. that was freaky . Did my ear just growl ? 
Read about 100 pages this morning . Got another 300 or so to go . Why'd I have to choose this fucking book ? 
is reading through various cute/fluffy MSN conversations and feeling all happy :D 
.. hm . This cold is giving me this really awesome husky voice . I approve . 
" Who's that then ? A bunch of Nazis ? " " .. no , Dad , it's Avenged Sevenfold . " Seriously , how stupid do parents get ? o_O 
Anyone know what's happening with the people on the 412 bus tomorrow ? :\ I checked the timetables and it doesn't come until four .. 
I love how Facebook refers to Castlemorris as a " city " . :') 
Hm .. think I might have a look at my new year's resolutions from 2010 and see how many of them I achieved .. 
How I wish , how I wish you were here ; we're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl , year after year . <3 
First song of 2011 : A Little Piece Of Heaven . ? 
just found a fluffy toy Cthulhu on Etsy . :') 
.. right , so I'm finally really fucking happy with my life and now you're telling me that if you could , you'd take it all away from me . :P 
<3 One year ago today . We still miss you , Jimmy . ;_; R.I.P. <3 
kind of feels as though she's missed something . o_o Why do so many people name their dA submissions " what is this I don't even " ? 
25 : I could've probably been a better friend to you in the past , and I'm sorry .. : c But aside from that , you're awesome and rather adorable and we must talk more often . :D 
xD I wouldn't be surprised if I end up regretting this for some reason or other , but : ( Inbox only ) It's confession time , 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me and I promise it will stay between us . Put this as your status , you might be suprised . 
88 : I never actually knew you very well , and although I found you annoying at times , you're also very funny and epic , and fun to talk to ~ :D 
Anyone from my English class got Janice's email address ? :\ I need to send her my presentation but I can't find her email .. 
is hoping everyone got the message I sent about the hug thingy .. D: 
If I was to do Free Hugs at some point , would anyone else like to join me ? :D 
needs to just stop with the online shopping for a bit . I'm becoming addicted . D: 
Still Remainssssss . <3 
just set up her own Amazon account after sharing her dad's one for the past five years , and is now having to find her entire CD collection and click " I own it " and rate all of them .. it's taking a while .. :\ 
The stars in the night , they lend me their light , and bring me closer to heaven with you ? 
Okay , I totally know what I'm doing for the WW Secret Santa now . :D 
" When NASA first started sending up astronauts , they quickly discovered that ballpoint pens would not work in zero gravity . To combat the problem , NASA scientists spent a decade and $12 billion to develop a pen that writes in zero gravity , upside down , underwater , on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to 300°C . 
The Russians used a pencil . " : ' D 
You may have fucked up a few times , but you definitely didn't deserve to be run over like that . RIP iPod . ;_; 
N o-o ne will get this right ! My middle name , My age , My primary and secondary schools , my full birthday , my best friend , my favourite colour , my eye colour , my favourite food , my mums name . Put this as your status and see who knows you best ! ? :) 
is looking forward to tomorrow's Free Hugs .. :D ? 
had her picture taken with a very fluffy rabbit this morning . xD I want one now .. 
really wants some strawberry ice cream . :) 
When everything's made to be broken , I just want you to know who I am ? 
would like to wish her alter-ego a happy birthday ~ :') 
Y'know , in an ideal world , Stephenie Meyer wouldn't be an author -- she'd be a manufacturer of some sort of washing up liquid . " Twi-Shine : Guaranteed to make your dishes sparkle in the sun ! " Oh , the things I come up with when I'm ill and bored .. 
