Screw this 
Things are shaping up nicely 
AGHGAHGAHHAGAHAHAGAGAAAGAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Favorite bumber sticker of all time , " I found jesus , hes in my trunk . " 
When right is not so right and wrong is not so wrong what do you do ? 
What was I thinking ? 
No rest for the wicked . No sympathy for the devil , keep that in mind . Buy the ticket take the ride . 
Is off to bed , happy he got to talk to an old friend 
Life liberty and the persuit of happiness , the death of the american dream 
No rest for the wicked 
I think the clock is moving backwards 
" man this agressions will not stand , man " 
When will it stop 
This agression will not stand , man . 
Life has a way of messing with ya , its to keep things intresting I guess . Or maybe god has a sick senes of humor ? 
Fuck all the bull shit 
drinking is bad 
Not this shit again . 
What a strange life it is 
I should know better . 
What comes next ? 
Boredom is a bitch 
I think one of the voices in side my head is trying to kill me . 
Another day in paradise 
fuck all the posers 
Ninja monkies are meeting as we speak plotting my demise . 
" I wouldn't recommend sex , drugs or insanity for everyone , but they've always worked for me . ” Hunter S Thompson . It feels like Iv entered the loony bin . And who the hell is playing that circuis music ? 
stay the course 
This whole work thing is over rated 
SFW 
Time for the great adventure . 
cant sleep my curse 
143 3 2 7 
143 3 7 
which way which way 
I think the world has flipped up side down and every one has lost there mind . 
The madness begins 
Princess Bride good when you cant sleep 
" No sympathy for the devil , keep that in mind . Buy the ticket take the ride . " 
coffee mmmm 
The last 2 are meant to be together 
Please let it come true today 
Im all over the place what a wierd week 
Laid on purpose to make the taker mad : Mad in pursuit , and in possession so ; Had , having , and in quest to have , extreme ; A bliss in proof , and proved , a very woe ; Before , a joy proposed ; behind , a dream . ... All this the world well knows ; yet none knows well ... To shun the heaven that leads men to this hell . W . Shakespeare 
The music stops the ride is over time to get off its the last stop . 
It doesnt get much better than this :) 
Sometimes the memories are worth the pain . 
2012 cant wait 
Just when I thought I was out ; they pull me back in 
Fucking pissed 
Every one have a safe and fun holloween . 
what a wierd weekend 
THE EXPENSE OF SPIRIT ( 129)The expense of spirit in a waste of shame Is lust in action ; and till action , lust Is perjured , murderous , bloody , full of blame , Savage , extreme , rude , cruel , not to trust ; Enjoyed no sooner but despised straight ; Past reason hunted and no sooner had , Past reason hated as a swallowed bait ... 
here we go again . Hold on . 
Consciousness : that annoying time between naps 
hopefully today will be a good day * crosses fingers * 
All I can keep thinking is dont fall down now , you will never get up . 
No one told me it was going to be this boring ..... 
Some times we need glasses or a smack in the head to see what is right in front of us . 
Im going to burn this whole world down ... 
Good lord when the crazyness stop 
may today be better than yesterday 
Raoul Duke : With a bit of luck , his life was ruined forever . Always thinking that just behind some narrow door in all of his favorite bars , men in red woolen shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he'll never know . 
time to start diging my way out instead of down . 
I'm not interested in preserving the status quo ; I want to overthrow it . Niccolo Machiavelli 
. 
Lets contumplate these 
It was kinda a rough day , all and all it was a very good day 143 3 7 
See what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass 
And shepherds we shall be , for Thee , my Lord , for Thee . Power hath descended forth from Thy hand , that our feet may swiftly carry out Thy command . So we shall flow a river forth to Thee , and teeming with souls shall it ever be . Il Duce : In nomine Patri . Et Fili Spiritus Sancti . BDS 
The one who loves least controls the relationship . Unknown Source 
If you allways do what you did , you will allways get what you got . 
happy thanks giving to all 
Some times people will suprise you 
( 914 ): I'm dreading the fact that when the dominoes guy comes , he will ask me if i placed an order under the name " high as shit " . From http://textsfromlastnight.com/recent/4 
this place sucks 
I have long feared that my sins would return to visit me , and the cost is more than I can bear . Ben Martin 
What a good day . 
:) 
" It's a damn poor mind that can think of only one way to spell a word ! " — Andrew Jackson 
Turned out ot be a great day . 
I try and I try to be better . Iv taken many steps lately to try nad get my life on track . No more drinking , wich is a major one , and I have my GF to thank for that . But no matter how hard I try some thing gets fucked up . Now I have to go on the lam . Ahhhgggg 
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered ; the point is to discover them . " Galileo Galilei 
Ready for the new year to start . 
Life seems so out of focous , so fuzzy and far aways . " There is a place where all the good things die , you makem feel like a whore . " EC 
I had a friend post this on her status and I thought it would be a fun thing to try also so here we go : I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS . You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , you have my FULL honesty , but ... I DARE ............ you to make this your status and see what questions you get ! See More 
Ahhh I shouldnt have drank so much last night . God work is going to be fun . 
Merry chirstmas to every one and there families 
Thank god for muffins 
if nothing else at least life has not been boring 
" Money won't make you happy ... but everybody wants to find out for themselves . " Zig Ziglar 
Here we go again 
What a long weekend thank god its over . 
pessimist trying to be an optimist 
I will burn this whole thing down 
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad . An optimist is a man who hopes they are . ~ Chauncey Mitchell Depew 
MMMMM coffee is good , and good company 
happy times 
The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon , but that we wait so long to begin it . -- Anonymous " Try and fail , but don't fail to try . ” Stephen Kaggwa 
Happy new year to all be safe out there tonight 
another day another 50 cents 
Sun shining what a nice day 
.......................... 
fucking play some thing sax man 
O God , that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains ! that we should , with joy , pleasance , revel , and applause , transform ourselves into beasts ! ~ William Shakespeare 
Men judge generally more by the eye than by the hand , for everyone can see and few can feel . Every one sees what you appear to be , few really know what you are . Niccolo Machiavelli 
Thank god its over 
" Let's get down to brass tacks . How much for the ape ? " RD 
Life is stranger than fiction some times 
boredom is a killer 
Why does face book keep screwing up the home section ? 
Drinking is bad , woohoo lets go to work 
TGIMF 1437 
How stupid am I how many times do I have to go through this ? 
“Life is not easy for any of us . But what of that ? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves . We must believe that we are gifted for something , and that this thing , at whatever cost , must be attained . ” Marie Curie 
Time for sleep god knows I need it , deep dark sleep no dreams 
“I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . ” Robert McCloskey 
All in all not a bad day , yep not a bad day indeed :) 
? 
what a corrigendum 
“Half of life is fucking up the other half is dealing with it . ” Henry Rollins 
To drink or not to drink – that is the question : Whether ' tis nobler in the mind to suffer The soberness and boredom of outrageous fortune , Or to take drink against a sea of troubles 
needs to rethink his decision making process 
what a messed up night 
Back to the salt mines ..... work work work 
Turned out to be a good night last night , a bit of late night but so worth it . Thank you :) 
Now its time to see what is real who is real , who will stand by you and who will run . Time for a new beging new life . 
“Going to trial with a lawyer who considers your whole life-style a Crime in Progress is not a happy prospect . ” Hunter S Thompson 
When will it end 
“Don't be discouraged by a failure . It can be a positive experience . Failure is , in a sense , the highway to success , inasmuch as every discovery of what is false leads us to seek earnestly after what is true , and every fresh experience points out some” JK 
FFXIII tomorrow :) 
Love is a serious mental disease . Plato ( BC 427-BC 347 
What an awesome night :) I needed a very good night , and well one came along . I feel like a new person this morning . 
Going to be one hell of a long day . 
I think my life is trying to kill me . Will have to keep both eyes on it . 
FROM textsfromlastnight.com ( 215 ): a girl walking in front of me just packed her cigarettes 72 times and yes i counted(1-215 ): how much adderall did you take today ? 
When I get mad and I get pissed I grab out my pen and write out a list of all the assholes that wont be missed youve made my shit list L7 ? 
“Throw off the bowlines . Sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the trade winds in your sails . Explore . Dream . Discover . ” Mark Twain 
So here we are again . Thought I would never be here again . 
Keep moving forward , keep your head down , and what ever you do dont stop 
No plan survies the battle field 
off to face the firing squad . Please let me have good luck just this once 
fun times :( 
no sleep tonight , bored at four in the morning sucks 
I need a new phone 
These are bad times for people who like to sit outside the library at dawn on a rainy morning and get ripped to the tits on crank and powerful music . Gonzo Papers , Vol . 3 : Songs of the Doomed : More Notes on the Death of the American Dream Hunter S Thompson 
wow is that wind blowing 
Nothing is ever what it seems to be . 
I lived many places had many internet providers , QWest internet is the worst I have ever found do not use them . Yet out here its the only provider I can get so they can give me as shitty service as they like . You go to there home page and search speed test you cant find it . They dont want you to know that your speed is no where what they tell you it is . 
through the looking glass 
Its early morning and I cant sleep and am damn bored wish more people were awake at this time 
Shadowrun on SNES awesome 
Will it ever change 
where o where is spring time , sunshine some warmer weather 
“Boredom : the desire for desires” 
Leo Nikolaevich Tolstoy 
Any one know where the sun has been ? I would really like to see it one of these days . 
Find your own truth 
" god damn what a bummer .... " Dr Gonzo 
Ok so Iv heard of the rain dance . Is there a sun dance ? If so and if any one knows it can they please perform it . Recording it is optional . 
Heart . And what more sublime delight than to mingle tears with one whom the hand of heaven hath smitten ! To watch over the bed of sickness , & to beguile its redious & its painful moments ! To share our bread with one to whom misfortune has left none ! This world abounds indeed with misery : to lighten its burthen we must divide it with one another . Thomas Jefferson in a letter to Maria Cosway October 12 , 1786 
significance 
- 3 dictionary results 
sig·nif·i·cance 
/s ? g ? n ? f ? k ? ns/ Show Spelled[sig-nif-i-kuhns ] Show IPA 
–noun 
1 . 
importance ; consequence : the significance of the new treaty . 
2 . 
meaning ; import : The familiar place had a new significance for her . 
3 . 
the quality of being significant or having a meaning : to give significance to dull chores . 
oth·er 
/ ?? ð ? r/ Show Spelled[uhth-er ] Show IPA 
–adjective 
additional or further : he and one other person . 
different or distinct from the one mentioned or implied : in some other city ; Some other design may be better . 
different in nature or kind : I would not have him other than he is . 
4 . 
being the remaining one of two or more : the other hand . 
Foxs news broke the story of Osama Bin Laden's death . Is this another fox news thing like george bush won the election and all other news stations went along with it even though it was not true ? When I say all other news agencies I dont mean to imply that fox news , is a news agency . Because they are not , they are a propaganda tool of the republican party . 
At the risk of sounding like a conspiricy nut , news said he killed last week . President Obama said to day he autorized the attack on his compound . But news said he died last week . How long does DNA testing take ? 
restless night , hopefully the sun will shine tomorrow 
paradox of hedonism : When one pursues happiness itself , one is miserable ; but , when one pursues something else , one achieves happiness . 
what a day 
Hmm Sony has been hacked , cant get into 2 of my email accounts I had on file with them . Have strange people on my friends list , my facebook and PSN accounts are linked . Wonder if it is compromised . 
Every ones second 
why 
Think its time to disappear 
:( 
If youve never seen Sin city the movie I suggest it . Cant sleep tonight so I wrote some thing for you . Iv smoked to much this last week , done things I havnt in a long while . I just need one thing , Smuggle , I dont want to go back to the old way please just hear my words . 
It all makes sense now , patterns , cycles . Either I'm really tired , been thinking to much lately . Or I have hand an epiphany . Are you truly open minded ? Was any of it real ? Probably getting my hopes up for nothing . Only time will tell . If not maybe it will help you next time you find your self here . 
Made egg sandwiches , not the same 
coffee at the break , good morning but Im missing some thing 
I wish I had a time machine 
why are most people morning people or at least day people ? Why are there not more night owls ? 
What a mess . Throw another shovel full on 
Very quite night 
Raoul Duke : Look , there's two women fucking a polar bear ! 
Dr. Gonzo : Don't tell me these things . Not now man . 
Grrrr qwest internet sucks 
Gorgeous day out to day 
Got some much needed sleep feel all most human 
Firefly 
Is summer ever going to get here ? 
maybe in the next life 
Fucking crazy people making shit up in there heads 
what an amazing sunset 
Had an awesome night . Cant remember the last time Im smiled that much and laughed out loud . Its amazing how people you barely knew , come back from way in the past . 
watching Harold and Kumar go to white castle 
What is this ? 
change in plans , no pond , evil is there 
Just got back from the pond , sun , water , good times , missing some thing though . 
Im so guarded I hate it , cant even say what I want 
What a good day yesterday , BBQ , good company . 
What a good start to the fourth , sunshine , a walk , and smiles . 
Some people are just lucky , that there are respectful people out there . Sorry if I seemed rude walking by , didnt want to ruin my or your fourth of july . 
Today was Independence day in more ways then one . Doing some major spring cleaning of people . Think today about raps it up . 
twenty min on hold with qwest , just for a password , now reconnected :) 
What a day what a day . :) cant wait to see what tomorrow brings . 
Saw the most beautiful thing ever in my life today . Wish I could put it in to words . 
Cant sleep 
five thirty is for going to bed not waking up 
never shaving again Iv been carded twice today once for cigarettes and once for a bottle of wine . 
open mouth insert foot 
:) happy , great evening 
At the center of your being you have the answer ; 
you know who you are and you know what you want . 
- Lao Tzu 
Just a little nap 
Watch the top wire .... 
Woo hoo job interview praise Jesus , praise oprah winfrenys , god , and Tom Cruises to . 
Went folfing , thought we could beat the storm , hail and very heavy rain . What happens under the tree stays under the tree . 
Seems like I have not played video games in over a month , minus yesterday when I got owned by a ten year old . SoCom 4 pretty awesome . 
confounded 
I hate this place 
I feel like Iv been a sleep for a very long time , no not asleep in a coma . Not dreaming , not thinking , not feeling . I feel completely awake now . Kinda of a sensory over load coming out of that . With those thoughts , and the help of a sleep aid , I think I will try and sleep . 
Early morning missoula , some break exspresso coffee , sun shine . Pretty nice 
:) Im just going with it 
I think this morning I used every ounce of will power , wow wow wow is all I can say 
What a good day yesterday , an amazing night yesterday , a great morning today , building fort in living room , then ridding the four wheelers up Houle Creek with Roy and daughter . Fun fun 
wow check out the moon 
Raoul Duke : The possibility of physical and mental breakdown is now very real . No sympathy for the Devil , keep that in mind . Buy the ticket , take the ride . 
Got one of the projects done I set out to , two more to go , in a holding patter . :) 
I would dance a scottish jig if I knew one , so I did more poor interpretation of river dance :) 
all right 
Get rid of the negative people in your life - surround yourself with positive people who believe in you and inspire you . 
What a week :) its been really good . I love summer time :) 
I am the luckiest man on the face of the earth . 
F u gate way the gloves are coming off 
“Love is when you can be your true self with someone ...... ” by Terri Guillemets 
" Nasal douche is so refreshing " :) 
Better than a thousand hollow words , is one word that brings peace . 
Buddha 
There must be some thing there I dont see 
Tomorrow is going to be a good day indeed . Just a feeling I have . :) 
Lol at least I can still amaze my self by my stupidity :) 
Please lord make me a stone 
All in all not a bad day played some chess with my buddy , played some video games with his boy . 
The giving of love is an education in itself . 

- Eleanor Roosevelt 
“Education is the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty . ” Mark Twain 
I need a drink 
:) sun shine , the pond , great company , damn good afternoon 
Thank you Michael Westen 
Dreaming , hoping , wishing , waiting . Not going any where , sitting right here . 
Turned out to be a pretty good day , got to see an old friend hang out bs . Thanks for the company Becky :) damn californians 
Iv been scared for so long to lose things Iv never even had . Im not so scared any more that I wont try for these things I want for fear of losing them some day . Its been an interesting summer . Learned a lot , and for once in a very long time I have direction and a destination in mind . I will take the bumps , the bruises the set backs , take them as the come with a smile on my face . 
Got the greatest book today Fingerprints of the Gods , I recommend it about Lost civilizations 
“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . ” Leo F . Buscaglia 
Some people come into our lives and quickly go . Some stay for a while , leave footprints on our hearts , and we are never , ever the same . ~ Flavia Weedn , 
Hopeful for the future :) 
If your going to sit , sit . If your going to stand , stand . There is no in between . 
Those of us that had been up all night were in no mood for coffee and donuts , we wanted strong drink . RD 
yesterday was one hell of a day :) 
The suckers lose them selves in the games they love to play . 
Benefit Yard Sale tomorow 7:30 -2 1615 S . 11th St. W . Missoula , it to raise money for my friend Heather who has cancer . 
This week has been long , but its been fantastic caught up with so many old friends , and maybe even met a few new ones . Awesome day to day for the most part there was one hiccup . 
Ghetto engineering at its finest 
Sleep is good :) 
At a loss , been thinking in circles . 
I think today is going to be a really good day , I just have that feeling . 
two power cords to tw o diff lap tops die in two weeks touche . 
I lost some thing today , I want it back some day . When we let go , stop trying to force every thing , we may some day see what is truely meant to be . 
What an intresting afternoon/evening yesterday . Slowing feeling better , all this smokes not helping . Go away forest fires . 
What a strange time it has been lately . All in all lots of change , lots of confusion . A strange summer indeed . Just thank full for summer . :) Iv learned alot , most learning Iv done in years . 
Well I fucked that up ...... 
One lap top back up and running , one to go . 
All that we are is the result of what we have thought . If a man speaks or acts with an evil thought , pain follows him . If a man speaks or acts with a pure thought , happiness follows him , like a shadow that never leaves him . 
Wish I had a time machine . Wish my life away ... :) 
" Who Honors those we love for the very life we live ? Who sends monsters to kill us ... and at the same time sings that we'll never die ? Who teaches us what's real ... and how to laugh at lies ? Who decides why we live and what we'll die to defend ? Who chains us ... and who holds the key that can set us free ? It's you . You have all the weapons you need . Now fight ! " SP 
So bored 
weirdness 
In the famous words of my great grand pappy Fuck all the bull shit . 
What a good way to start the day , coffee , breakfast , awesomeness . Thanks for making my day . All smiles today . 
You think you know some one , you dont . You never truly know whats in some ones mind 
Why are my hands so big ?!?!? 
None are more hopelessly enslaved then those who falsely believe they are free . Goethe 
nice sunny fall afternoon , coffee , only missing one thing . :) 
To new beginings I guess 
no sleep today is going to hurt 
" I hate to say this , but this place is getting to me . I think I'm getting the Fear . " Dr Gonzo 
“Jesus , bad waves of paranoia , madness , fear and loathing - intolerable vibrations in this place . Get out . The weasels were closing in . I could smell the ugly brutes . ” RD 
" With a bit of luck , his life was ruined forever . Always thinking that just behind some narrow door in all of his favorite bars , men in red woolen shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he'll never know . " RD 
We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongue , at our peril , risk and hazard . ~ Voltaire 
After the first blush of sin comes its indifference . Henry David Thoreau 
Raoul Duke : Fuck ' im ... I'm gonna miss ' im . 
The lonely one offers his hand too quickly to whomever he encounters . Friedrich NietszcheThe lonely one offers his hand too quickly to whomever he encounters . Friedrich Nietszche " Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty . " Mother Teresa 
Your such an insperation for the way that I will never ever choose to be 
' Beauty is truth , truth beauty , ' - that is all ye know on earth , and all ye need to know . John Keats 
" Through me the way into the suffering city , Through me the way to the eternal pain , Through me the way that runs among the lost . Justice urged on my high artificer ; My maker was divine authority , The highest wisdom , and the primal love . Before me nothing but eternal things were made , And I endure eternally . 
how about that 
Thank god for some sun shine , it is gorgeous out there 
Write something , even if it's just a suicide note . Gore Vidal 
" That the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community , against his will , is to prevent harm to others . His own good , either physical or moral , is not sufficient warrant . He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because it will be better for him to do so , because it will make him happier , because , in the opinion of others , to do so would be wise , or even 
made my bed time to over sleep in it 
“There is never enough time to do or say all the things that we would wish ; The thing is to do as much as you can in the time that you have” Charles Dickens 
Dont fall down now , you will never get up 
" They say it will have blood ; blood will have blood . " WS 
Im going to let the battel cry out , and Im in the middle of the library . 
What a good 2 days , folfed frenchtown yesterday and blue mountain to day . Nice sunny , got the blood pumping . All and all a good couple days . 
............................ 
Soon 
Guess its time to get back to the real world . god damn what a bummer 
bored bored bored 
Why o why 
my friday , never thought it would get here . 
Feels so lucky 
last air bender today yes 
all most there 
* shakes head in disgust * Raoul Duke : Jesus , bad waves of paranoia , madness , fear and loathing - intolerable vibrations in this place . Get out . The weasels were closing in . I could smell the ugly brutes . 
whish sleep would come or have some thing to preoccupy me insomina and boredom not a great combination 
WINamp stay away from it , dont click on it dont do anything with it 
Happy holidays to all , which ever one you may or may not be celebrating . 
Guilt resembles a sword with two edges . On the one hand , it cuts for Justice , imposing practical morality upon those who fear it . But there is another side to that weighted emotion . Conscience does not always adhere to rational judgment . Guilt is always a self-imposed burden , but it is not always rightly imposed . RAS 
Funny just fucking hilarious 
Just pretend its all a bad dream and that you will wake up soon . 
“Success means having the courage , the determination , and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be” 
George Sheehan 
No sympathy for the devil , keep that in mind . Buy the ticket take the ride 
four sweet glorious days off 
Freedom for three days 
FFXIII :) 
If it were not the twist and turns , the pleasantly unexpected surprises , I think I would go insane from plainness of life . Off to bed and some deep dark sleep . 
So it begins 
“Half of life is fucking up the other half is dealing with it . ” Henry Rollins 
37 !?!?! 
F U C++ 
Life is changing fast , some bad things have happened to make it more challenging but im glad and actually pretty damn happy 
Sleep is on my mind but not coming to me 
This is my country , 
The land that begat me , 
These windy spaces 
Are surely my own . 
and those who toil here 
In the sweat of their faces 
Are flesh of my flesh 
And bone of my bone . 
Sir Alexander Gray 
no internet sucks 
Dont tell me those things , not now man . 
Cry " Havoc ! " and let slip the dogs of war , 
That this foul deed shall smell above the earth 
With carrion men , groaning for burial . WS 
no rest for the wicked 
congratz to the egyptian people on getting merk to step down 
Men always commit the error of not knowing where to limit their hopes , and by trusting to these rather than to a just measure of their resources , they are generally ruined . - Niccoló Machiavelli 
Wow there are a lot of ignorant people on FOX NEWS . The Muslim religion did not attack the twin towers . It was men , who were lunitics . So we shouldnt build any churches near the Oklahoma city bombing site since Timiothy McVeigh was a christian . Side note o'riley on Fox news is every thing thats wrong with this country . They keep comparing it to building a japanesse monument at pearl harbor . Apples to oranges . 
Thank you Dave Letterman for calling Bill orilley(sp ) on his propaganda bull shit , straight up says thats a lie to his comments . 
So I made a trip to Wally world last night at like 130 am . Pulling in to the parking lot and well there is chewbacca from star wars , full costume . Strange thing is it didnt surprise me . 
How long has it been since someone touched part of you other than your body ? ~ Terri Guillemets 
time for R&R off to bed 
wierdness 
boredom , insomnia , is a killer 
“The 
Edge ... there is no honest way to explain it because the only people 
who really know where it is are the ones who have gone over . ” HST 
" Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . " ~ Dr. Seuss 
good day in portland went to voodoo donuts , awesome 
wow where did the summer go 
Never thought this would be the way it was going to be 
looks like sunshine on the horozion 
" The quieter you become , the more you are able to hear .... " 
bored as hell 
“Fear is just another word for ignorance” Hunter S Thompson 
ahh boredom my ever present stalker 
whatched the movie the wizard last night , has fred savage in it , old school movie has the power glove in it , so Awesome 
well fuck you all 
First linux machine of mine and im on line with it fun fun 
Let me see bsXbs = lets see carry the one .... add that yep still equals BS 
Had to go to wall mart yesterday ran in to like four people , most of them worked at the springs . Walmart is so very strange 
Walter Sobchak : Has the whole world gone crazy ? Am I the only one around here who gives a shit about the rules ? Mark it zero ! The Dude : They're calling the cops , put the piece away . Walter Sobchak : Mark it zero ! The Dude : Walter ... Walter Sobchak : You think I'm fucking around here ? Mark it zero ! Smokey : All right , it's fucking zero . Are you happy , you crazy fuck ? Walter Sobchak : ... It's a league game , Smokey . 
off to bed 
" Today's public figures can no longer write their own speeches or books , and there is some evidence that they can't read them either . " — Gore Vidal 
I would rather burn this all down then let it slowly slip away , how far can i carry this . 
Better late then never , been slacking on the FB . Thank you all for the birthday wish's :) 
good god what a long week . Think Ive slept 15 hours in last week . Time to regroup and rest . 
Just believe 
Happy Turkey day to all , hope you and yours have a great one , be safe out there 
Wow 
what to do what to do 
" Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body , but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke , thoroughly used up , totally worn out , and loudly proclaiming " Wow ! What a Ride ! " 
— Hunter S . Thompson 
Its all most tropical in Portland 
Portland was cool , even got to see T dog and megan , good times 
After several months of battle with some ones evil HP desktop . I am victorious . Didnt even have to use any restore disks . 
Bored , not ready to go to sleep , what to do what do 
dont take any gruff from those swine RD 
