drinking orange juice 
misses Marcus ! 
Home from Texas , went to Minnesota , back from there , off to Ocean City New Jersey , now back for the rest of the year ! 
eating raspberries but wanting icecream with a cookie 
watching a music video 
School here I come . . . * sigh * 
I Love Harry Potter And The Half-Blood Prince ! 
wanting to paint my room blue 
I BOUGHT THE NEW KATAMARI DAMACY GAME !!! SCORE !!! 
wanting to go to the gap store with justin 
Blue Of Red ? 
WATCHING A MOVIE WITH JOHNNY DEPP !!! charlie and the chocolate factory !!! 1 
Can't wait till something wonderful happens . 
C major , then , you change keys right here . Thats when the trumpets begin . After that you go back to the first line . But you skip the third measure . You turn to page four and remember the repeat sign . Here , on page five , you grow louder then quite . Not too much bang . Keep it nice and calm . The violins begin and the starting point . And I think you know where it goes next . 
??? 
Please Comment On Your Favorite Color For A Room . Do It ... NOW !!! 
Stupid Paper that I have to write ... 
Going to London ... 
I like to eat , eat , eat , apples and bananas ! * music keeps going * I like to eat , eat , eat , apples and bananas ! 
The Reason It You . 
UNCHARTED2 COMES OUT TOMORROW !!!!!! 
SUSHI !!! 
Baking Muffins ! :) 
THE BROTHERS BLOOM ... 
Try to get through the last bit of Uncharted2 . 
i ate too much cake ... not feeling well . 
I . Am . Sick . * koff * 
UNCHARTED2 , HERE WE COME !!! 1 
Still wanting to be a ninja ... 
BEAT UNCHARTED2 !!!!!! YES YES YEEEESSSSSSS !!!!!!!!! 
Having fun booing people ! :) 
Want to be a ninja ... 
Moogle Moogle ... 
Cloud fell from the sky ... 
Feel like reading a Harry Potter book . 
Close your eyes . Can you hear it ? It's all around . Music . All you have to do is Listen . 
OKay , Okay , Okay ... I'm done booing everyone . 
DONE MATH ! 
Had fun with my mom ! :) 
Getting ready to go to Texas ! 
Okay , all packed up and ready to go to Texas ! 
My mind . My mind is my mind . And no one else's . 
In Texas ! :) 
Giving my hands and fingers a beak from piano . 
Wanting to watch Tim Burton's Nightmare Before Christmas 
Going to make a Totoro plushy ! or just buy one ! :) 
Pasta time ! :) 
Working on my ninja outfit . Oh Yeah ! 
Living Life and Loving it ! 
Watching Bleach 
Going to Dallas ! 
Driving to Madison ! 
BLuE SkiEs , SMiLIng AT mE . NoTHiNg BUt BluE SkieS . ( its it's actually raining ) 
??????????? 
Haven't had noodles for a week . Going crazy . 
I feel so liberating ... 
I'm choking ... Egg ... Went down ... Wrong way ... 
Going to boo again ! 
" What's A Ten ? " " ... Clowns ... " " CLOWNS ?! " 
Snow bording all day . Phew , just got back ! :) 
Oh what a beautiful morning ! Oh what a beautiful day ! I've got a beautiful feeling ! Everything's going my way ! 
Flower . Uncharted . Ps3 . Good day don't ya think ? :) 
Ate waay too much a noodle . Feel's sick . :P 
What's going to happen next ? 
My favorite letters are- D , H , I , J , K , L , M , O , P , R , S , T , U , V , & X . Okay ? Okay . 
Happy Happy Happy ! :) 
Last night I watched Julie & Julia . I am now wanting to go to France . 
Happy Birthday To Me !! ^_^ 
picked her favorite day of the week . saturday . 
watching clue . such a good movie ! 
is really wanting to watch The Brother's Bloom . 
Is wishing that Tetsuya Nomura would write and draw his own Manga . 
is really getting into Photography . 
Just came back form seeing the movie Sherlock Holmes ! 
Tired and Bored ... 
When I knock you don't answer . So , I have to go through the window . You see me and freak . 
Doesn't know what to think or do anymore ... 
My oven blew up . 
is on chapter 13 of her depressing book . 
is on book 2 of her depressing book . 
MY IPODS ACTING WEIRD ! 
is listening to hello hurricane !!! Whoosh !!! 
is eating noodles and watching Spirited Away . 
just ate a sushi tasting raspberry by mistake 
is livin ' fancy ! 
wants to lie down with chicken noodle soup and watch a nice movie . 
is now putting the new vampire weekend cd onto my ipod :) 
Doesn't understand the things she does and why she does them . 
is going to play assassin's creed . :) 
Had a good day and is ready to hit the hay ! 
is home ! 
it's going home ! <3 
Thinking of a Dear , Dear , Dear friend of mine named Abby ... Abby something ... 
i had a dream where i had spiddie powers . like spiderman . it was awesome . 
is going to the mall ! huzzah ! 
What's on YOUR mind ? 
feels as though she has the best family in the world and wants to keep it that way . 
WILCO + ME = :) 
Has the Head of all Aches . 
is watching coraline . 
Listening to the Beauty and the Beast theme by Aoi Teshima . 
What's this ? What's this ? There's color everywhere ! What's this ? There's white things in the air ! What's this ? I can't believe my eyes , I must be dreaming wake up Jack this isn't fair ! What's this ?! - The Nightmare Before Christmas 
in the futrue age , some trees will fall ... then again , so will us all ... 
White vs Black 
i had a dream where i had spiderman's powers and when i looked at things with my left eye , whatever i was looking at would explode . i got arrested 3-5 times . 
whats so good about the ds XL ? 
cant believe that shes listening to taylor swift . 
" Just Never Forget , There's Life After Death , And Taxes . " - Relient K 
is listening to eisley 
ADVENTURE TIME ! 
VULNERABILITY vul-ner-a-bil-i-ty -adjective 1 . capable of or susceptible to being wounded or hurt , as by a weapon : a vulnerable part of the body . 2 . open to moral attack , criticism , temptation , etc . : an argument vulnerable to refutation ; he is vulnerable to bribery . 
is going to have an awesome day 
is thinking of attending activate tomorrow ... hmm ... 
i am a mighty awesome powerful shinobi . fear me . 
Is going to see ironman2 today :) 
GHIBLI ! GHIBLI ! GHIBLI ! 
ummm . . . yes ? 
scholarships are amazing things . 
Is watching coraline 
is missing out on the vampire weekend concert tonight ... 
RUMBLEROOOOAAAR !! 
is at Java cat listening to live music 
is going to see godspell 
is debating if she should go see the free justin bieber concert ... 
" for every passing second comes a second chance . " - Relient K 
is enjoying life 
is TIRED . 
misses the land of the cheese 
breakfast , breakfast , what should i have for breakfast ... 
Same question- What should I have for breakfast ? 
has 3 days to read a 759 page book !! 
wants to watch astro boy . 
is having a ton of fun shooting rubber-bands everywhere . 
REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY misses her house ... 
which ones best ? bass , or guaitar ? 
is going to have a vampire weekend : ) 
is watching My Neighbor Totoro !! 
* twitch , twitch * 
WHAT TIME IS IT ?! 
* sniff sniff * 
After a awesome day with partying , I think it's time to sit back , relax and watch a movie with my mother . 
If I lay here ... If I just lay here ... Would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
is thinking about the beach <3 
Is sucking on a lemon drop . :) 
is sucking on a icebreaker . yummy ... 
Is feeling worse ... And hates being sick ... 
is watching , na na na Na Na Na Na BATMAN ! 
Is drinking French coffee . :) 
is spending the day with Lydia Kozar !!! I love you Lydia ! ( well , after school :) ) 
Is dying to go back home and finish Final Fantasy XIII . 
has a new friend ! :) 
Man ! Universal Studios , Disney World , Disney Hollywood Studios were awesome ! 
all done with my standardized testing ! huzzah ! 
Went to the beach ! 
2 parties today !! 
floo powder powder , floo powder powder , floo powder powder , floo powder powder ! 
Is in new York and found out she's sick ... 
Needs to edit a ton of photos . 
Smile 
ROAD TRIP !!! 
Ipod broke and is in state of shock ... 
3 , 2 , 1 , let's jam- 
another party tonight :) 
ugghhh . . . math . . . 
Done school . Now what ? 
When you know the notes to sing , you can sing most anything !!! 
here comes the sun , doo doo doo dooo , here comes the sun , and i'll say , it's all right . ( do do do do do do do do do do do do ) 
Now I've heard there was a secert chord , 
David played and it pleased the Lord . But you don't really care to 
music , do you ? Well it gose like this , the fourth , the fifth , the minor 
fall , the major lift . The baffled king composing Hallelujah . Hallelujah . Hallelujah . Hallelujah . Hallelujah . 
is RAD 
Winter ! Winter ! Winter ! 
is really angry ' cause she can't play Zelda !! 
is watching people sing on youtube . man , so many people are talented ! 
is happy . 
it's going to be totally awesome ! 
my hands are shaking really bad . did i not get enough sleep ? 
Ugh ! A stupid fly is annoying the heck out of me ! 
is going to relax today ... 
Dear World , thank you for an awesome day , good night . : ) 
Is singing ONCE 
Dancing in the rain ! 
I'm a needle girl in a Haystack world . 
Act 2 Part 1 , break a leg ! Lets roll ! 
* YAWN * 
Wants to watch Coraline ... Again ... :) 
Awesome party last night- 
wants it to rain again . : ( 
Is watching The Dark Knight - 
what now ? 
is hearing the sounds of gun shots , bombs , screaming and robots ... someone is playing a video game !! 
whenever you're stressed , bored , upset , or sad , it's always nice to be able to sit down and play some piano . 
UGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHY DID OUR PS3 HAVE TO BREAK ?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?! 
Does anyone want a free gerbil ? 
no rain ??? b-b-b-b-b-b-but ... :'( 
is watching people throw something flat that looks like a UFO . mmm ... 
cut her leg again ! ugh ! 
THE CAKE IS A LIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
want's to try using water color in her sketches . 
American and European fashion ... 
Last day in Wisconsin . Goodbye everyone . 
wants to go shopping but has no money ... " MOOMMMMYYY !!! " 
is playing dress up games <3 <3 <3 
TIME FOR VIDEO GAMES !! 
My mom's playing Rockband : ) 
HOME HOME HOME HOME 
24 days left ... 
doesn't understand why people like Justin Bieber ... 
is playing with her wand and singing a very potter musical 
is starting to get real emotional . that or it's the music . 
SQUARE ! SQUARE ! SQUARE ! SQUARE ! SQUARE ! 
is wondering what her life would be like if she didn't know the people she knew . and now that she thinks about it , it would really suck . 
CAAAAAAAASSSSSSSTTTTLLLLLEEEE !!! 
Smoke smoke , Faye Faye ! Puff puff , Faye Faye ! 
Someone once told me that candy canes are the bones of rejected elves ... I haven't eaten once since ... 
Crack the shutters open wide I wanna bathe you in the light of day - 
' s LAST time on facebook for a while . China won't let you use it . Buuut , to have facebook , you gotta have an email ! So everyone , email me !! - haisi@me.com 
I think it's time to blow this thing , get every body and their stuff together . Alright 3 , 2 , 1 , let's jam ! 
Sooo ... What should I do today ??? 
Happy Christmas !! 
What to do ... What to do ... 
??????!! 
Dad told me to change my Status ... This is it ... 
according to the website 1up , my rank for video games is titled ; DOUBLE KILLER . I am happy . 
watched doctor who this morning :/ 
is chill'n 
is waiting for glee to start ... 
loves her profile picture <3 
Goodbye Switzerland , hello Paris ^_^ 
Last night in Switzerland :( 
does NOT want to leave Paris ! 
is singing the phantom of the oprea 
wants to go to Winnipeg Canada 
GOT TICKETS TO THE MIDNIGHT SHOWING OF HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS PT . 1 !!! 
has been on 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 10 , 13 , 15 planes these past two months 
HARRY POTTER WAS FANTASTIC !!!! 
hates halloween 
I see your true colors shining through , I see your true colors , and that's why i love you . So don't be afraid to let them show . Your true colors , true colors are beautiful like the rainbow . 
Square Enix , you're running out of ideas aren't you ? 
4 MORE DAYS TO GO !! 
Hello Jack frost ! Go away ... 
STAR WARS BABY !! 
Thank you everyone for wishing me a Happy Birthday ! 
Now I get to finally see one of my amazing brothers ! 
is watching The Ultimate Gift . Best movie ever . 
You know you want me , you know you care . Just shout whenever , and I'll be there . You want my love , you want my heart . And we will never ever ever be apart . 

No , no , no , no , NO !! This cannot be happening to me !! 
likes being herself and no one else ! 
fell asleep at the library while studying 
I am beautiful no matter what they say . 
HOMEWORK !! 
Every time I hear a recording of my voice I always think , " Ew , is that what my voice really sounds like ? " 
Watching Ironman2 and eating brownies . What could be better ? 
Courage doesn't always roar . Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying , " I will try again tomorrow " . - Mary Anne Radmacher 
Our family's finally together ! 
Pre-ordered Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 
As a math atheist , I should be excused from this ... 
No Mom , I'm not anime addicted . I'm just really fascinated and interested in Asian pop-culture so I spend all my time studying about it . 
Fezzes are cool . 
Watching Scott Pilgrim 
