Check your farmville neighbor requests , I want the big farm ! haha 
250,000 or 30 FV cash for the big ole plantation . Which will come first ? >_< How in the world did I get so in to this ? 
Chicken Spaghetti for breakfast . Guess I should brew some coffee . ^_^ 
Get the myPersonality app ! I want to know what you people are ! lol 
Bored . I need a license to thrill . 
It tastes like copper , cold and sick . 
Put linux 9.1 on , its quick but not pretty . About to try Mint 8 " Helena " . Seems better . Back to the grindstone . 
Congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. Bobby Dewayne Jones ! Beautiful wedding , glad I could be there . 
Our amity ? Sure calamity , for I want you so much more . 
wishes to understand . 
Txting and driving is illegal , people don't know you're driving .. Where is the voice to text option for hands free txting ? yeah . 
Today was interesting . Good deal . If only I could project the feeling . 
4:40 am , up at 7 . C'mon sleep ! help me out :[ 
I can't shake this tired feeling today . Ugh . 
Rainy day . I couldn't be happier . :] 
Maybe I'm something entirely different ? Where is honor and integrity ? Honesty ? I'm sick of this charade , this isn't a world worth living in . 
Got the fire going and coffee brewing . Pretty much smells awesome ! 
Off to see my sister in Memphis , Back soon ! My blueberry field will be tended , so fertilize em ! haha Send me cows too . XD 
Ready for a change . Give me a purpose and I'll give you an answer . 
What is the reason ? Something good turns so wrong . 
is getting ready to bring in the new year . XD 
She thinks that happiness is the mat that sits on her doorway . :] 
Huh . 
Good night , nightmares , arguments , and aching muscles . Sleep all day , still not away . 
My busy day just got less busy . Awesome . Awesome . 
Right , then . Off to bed . 
Renovated the farm , for you farmvillians . Finally cleaned up lol 
Tomorrow ought to be something great . Really great . 
Caramel Macchiato and Hulk ? hmm 
More coffee and House . Laundry Laundry . 
People are unbelievable . Maybe I enjoy this mindless insanity ? 
Taquito and Darkness Falls . A billion channels and its all crap . 
He used a teenage colloquialism , get the tear gas . 
Maybe we'll leave come springtime Meanwhile , have another beer What would we do without these jerks anyway ? Besides , all our friends are here 
Stuffed . Facebook , Family Guy , Meebo , and Sweet tea . Alright . 
Double blueberry pancakes . I love you IHOP , for everything that you are . :] 
In my imagination you're waiting , lying on your side . With your hands between your thighs , and a smile . 
Exhausted . Gray eyes and dreamy . I'll be writing in the morning for sure . 
If I lay here . If I just lay here . 
Watchin Hitch . pretty funny stuff lol 
I'm always just about to go and spoil the surprise . Take my hands off of your eyes too soon . 
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone . 
You may be right . I may be crazy . It just may be a lunatic you're lookin for . 
Finally watched , and loved , The Blindside . +1 for Sandra Bullock being my favorite actress . 
OoUgh . Shes never gonna go to a ball . :[ 
Wedding Daze and coffee . Pretty funny . 
Pay it forward . 
Hmm . 
I wanna wake up where you are . I won't say anything at all . Sliding off to sleep . 
Spaghetti and garlic toast . ^_^ 
Has re-written his evening plans . 
Showah ! 
Downloading Zombieland . Still haven't seen it , so I will tonight ! Suggest me good movies , kthx . 
If the children don’t grow up , our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up . We’re just a million little god’s causin rain storms turnin’ every good thing to rust . I guess we'll just have to adjust . 
Not handling stress well . I want to rip a head off some shoulders . I need a hot shower and some sleep tonight . 
Take care , dear fellow . Flames crackle and bellow , laying waste to the cities you know . Its hard to forget . I don't even want to . 
believes that growing up is learning to be selfish sometimes . If you want it , take it for the right reasons . Don't give it all away . 
Tom and Jerry , popcorn , and coffee . Yeeesssss :] 
Needs a new machine . 
I didn't know Larry the Cable Guy had so many fans ... >_< 
Goodnight , sleep well , sweet dreams . I'm out . 
Alone at the house . Sooo cold outside . Its warm in here though . Warm in here . 
What you feel is what you are . What you are is beautiful . ^.^ 
Finally home . Loooong day . 
MyPersonality say I'm a terrible Virgo . I'm 5/5 on Aquarius . Dad was an aquarius . lol 
Making coffee . :]] 
can't relax . 
Watching Chowder . Yeah . ISO : nicotine . 
hates country music , but likes a lot of Rascall Flatts . huh . 
Facebook is wiggin out on me . O.o 
Needs a sandwich , a beer , and a nap . 
About to watch The Lovely Bones and Legion . Booorrreeedd . 
I see a frown as careful inspiration to change a life . They say that I'm the unrealistic one . 
Has a headache . 
is hungry . What are you making me ? 
Can famous people not read teleprompters smoothly ? =\ 
is a fool of his own making . 
is bored , watching man vs . wild . Kinda sleepy but mostly bored . 
Sleep . Dream . 
Might just doze off again . Super tired today for some reason . :\ 
The phone company guy came and fixed us up , didn't even charge us . Awesome . Awesome . 
How often does American Idol happen ? Awful . Just awful . 
is ready to fall asleep . 
Baby , to me you're like a growing addiction that I can't deny . 
Tiiiiiin Roof ! Rusted . 
Anchor yourself to the foundation of everything you are . Believe you have just begun to live . 
Go to urbandictionary.com & look up ur first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment ... 
Good day . Good breakfast . Got some excercise . Hell , even had a good talk with mom ! Tight . 
Just watched Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . Pretty cool . Super Bowl at Zachs . Hard to focus though , My mind is far from right here . 
Who's got their claws In you my friend Into your heart I'll beat again 
Old pictures feel like a lifetime away .. Just means I've got lifetimes to look forward to . 
wishes he lived next door to a papa johns . 
Night ! Pleasant dreams to all . :] 
Purple stuff ... soda ... aw Sunny D , alright ! family guy and tired . 
Slept way too long . 
“The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals . Well , when there aren't enough criminals , one makes them . One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws . ” Ayn Rand 
You couldn't kill me with a shotgun and a head start . 
loves the wisdom of friends who have been there and done that . :] 
is unbelievably bored . 
Happy Valentines Day people . Night . 
You know what ? I miss my sarcastic fun side . I actually haven't been myself lately . Welcome back , Self . Its been too damn long . XD 
Scratch that , Bad Boyz II and cheese dip . haha 
has no idea why he feels he isn't himself . What happened ? 
doesn't care how zippers are made . Science channel , you let me down . 
Moar Koffee plx . 
Make a wish . 
remembers what he's about , and is excited . XD 
Who is coming with me to watch Alice in Wonderland ? I'm excited . =] 
Yessss , internet is back ! haha 
Disrepect Your Surroundings !! ADTR and Killswitch are my cooking tunes . lol 
needs a thrill . I haven't done anything demanding or fun in too long . 
Goodnight , Folks ! Pleasant Dreams and all that . 
feels pretty tired and should make a pb&j . 
Excuse me , Mr. Beam . Its an odd thing you do . 
is pitifully tired lol . 
Small things . Hot shower . :] 
is done feeling stuck in right now . Looking ahead . 
There you have it . Eight years , 44 minutes ago . See you when the sand runs out . 
Wants to take a nap . ^_^ 
Southwestern eggs , sausage , toast , and Coffee . I'm rearranging the ol ' room today . Its in desperate need of womans touch , but I guess I'll just wing it . haha 
Buh-Zing . Rooms done . Brown , tan , and wood grain with carved wood on the walls . ^_^ gotta go do something to celebrate . 
realized why he was feeling off , and is laughing at himself and smiling . 
Today can suck it . I should be somewhere else . 
Keep runnin into problems with this machine . Better get on the expo before its too late ! 
Steadily realizing that I'm insane . But its cool . I know the cure for it . XD 
Anyone checked out Tokyo Majin Gakuen Kenpuchou ? I watched one episode and its seems enjoyable enough . lol 
doesn't feel like sleeping tonight . Txt it . 
Do it for no other reason than I asked you specifically . Surely theres a reason , and only one way to discover it . 
Ok , so .. Tomorrow is Clean the Expo day . Not a single other plan , so I think I'll make a new CD . Kinda feel like Metal/Rap/Ska staying upbeat . Wonder how it'll go XD 
Gonna play some diablo 2 tonight . haha 
Unreal . My heart goes out , and your memory will stay strong . RIP John Flynn . 
I'm free ! I'm free ! Too damn excited haha . 
I am a tempered intuition with a held tongue . I knew the answers before I asked , hoping that I was the idiot . Perhaps I should never speak and be happy with knowing . 
doesn't care about the super bowl . :] Goodnight and Sweet dreams , kiddos . 
is about to be in a mustang all day . Wonder what sort of shenanigans are goin down today . ^_^ 
I like this looking through old crap while trying to consolidate new old crap . I'm finding gems and treasures ! Oddly enough , I actually found a case of gemstones haha . 
Its about too damn early , and my toes are freezing >_< 
took a nap and feels all weird now . Theme of the dream : It goes down smooth like hot lead and Jose . 
finally has propane . I've missed you Central heat and air . 
Beautiful day ! Diggin it . 
Totally about to bump some Eazy E . Still need suggestions of bands that are good and not well known . I need a new cd still . 
I am Jack's impure thoughts . 
Rainy day . Not what I need right now . Bright shining sun , where are you hiding ? 
Yeeaaahhhhh , I get satisfaction . 
I love the Aqua Teen commercial with Carl talking about Old Spice . The way he says dirty makes me laugh and I'm not sure why lol . 
I've got a damn sunburn already . Heh . 
Is anxious and excited . If you can safely be both at once . 
Back home , probably going to leave again soon . lol 
If your stomach feels weak then my work here is done ! 
Sleep . If you call before noon , I might stab you lol . 
I made a wish at 11:11 . Surely that wasn't the answer ? Maybe its better to never know . 
BG's birthday party on Saturday ! At my neighbors house , because he's my neighbor . If you are a dude , you must bring at least a six pack and two girls . If you are a girl , come with your chick friends ! Call or txt and I'll get back to ya on whats goin down . 
About to wipe XP and install linux . Back in however long this takes . lol 
Easy , fella . Your mouth's complacent nature will get you buried . 
Eff you Juanitas ! Thanks to Sticky Fingers and Plu for a badical night ! 
Believe it or not , the Expo is clean . I'm a wash n vac away from Spank me new lookin . Who wants to donate a 1200w monoblock to me ? XD 
thinks he could have had more fun with someone else . 
Pretty productive day . Not bad , not bad . 
Cable guy is takin off , about to bleed some brakes ! >_< 
Actually tired of people . What can I do for me ? 
zachs caliper and brakes : check . Satellite to cable : check . Universal remotes : check . Router setup : check . Cigs : OUT . what a day . lol 
Ahahaha .. wait what ? (>_<) 
She walked away while her shoes were untied , and her eyes were all red , you could see that she'd cried . Well I watched , and I waited ' til she was inside . Forcing a smile and waving goodbye . 
All I can say is that my life is pretty plain . I like watchin ' the puddles gather rain . 
How come I can't will away a headache ? >_< 
Clean house , Chicken Nuggets , and Mac n Cheese . Sirius 90's . Thats how my day is going . >_< 
She only drinks coffee at midnight , when the moment is not right . Her timing is quite unusual . You see her confidence is tragic , but her intuition magic . And the shape of her body ? Unusual . Meet Virginia . G'night kids ! 
Something fantastic . That would be my day lol . Few drinks with Joe , BG , and Johnny D , bones and poker . Settling down for the night . 
schleep 
Today was an oddly frustrating day . I already wanna sleep >_< 
Sim Sim Salabim ? Clean , out . 
Beer battered fish . I'm huuungry . 
Needs more 808 in his diet . Not cowbell , either . 
Goodnight , Sweet dreams . 
Raaah Raaah Raaaaaaaah . I like the music and its still all I hear sometimes XD . I need another eclectic CD , Full range nonsense from the last .. oh , thirty years ? ^_^ 
is home . ^_^ 
Insane dream , Burning up and smiling . Lets go Wednesday ! 
This is the last worthless evening . :] 
V for Vendetta was cool , finally watched it today . lol 
No need to worry , no need to turn away ' Cause it don't matter , anyway , baby . I'd miss you in a heartbeat . 
Tired . 
Waves . Sunset . Cool breeze . Cold beer . Thats what I need . 
Bratwurst and ramen noodles ? >_< Upgrade my barn folks ! 
Wants Lyra's Oxford and Once Upon a Time in the North . I need new books . 
American Idol .. Why is there nothing else on ? 
3 in the morning and 2600 something packets later the internet works just fine . Forty minutes solid now XD Smiggly and bed . 
Wisdom teeth shouldn't happen . 
hmm .. Its too late to take a nap . what to do ? 
Goodnight , sleep well , and sweet dreams . ^.^ 
Wants it ALL , dammit . To sleep perchance to dream , but totally happy dreams . lol 
wants to go swimming . EFF this cold , I need some sunlight ! 
is an self made ass with a wild imagination . I need to get out of this house . Going a little insane for no good reason . 
Its so odd that I should think of something long gone and smile . Its truly insane what you miss about people you don't see anymore . A brace faced smile , the way someone said a particular word , whatever it is that made that memory theirs for you to keep . I'm off to bed , goodnight kiddos . Sweet dreams . 
Clean . Lets get busy ! 
Seems the more I learn , the more dissatisfied I become . 
Work til 1am . :D 
" As you lose the argument in a cable car " 
Hell even Zach made it out to see me . Been eventful lol . Kinda tired but still goin ! 
" We need to talk about our feelings , homes . " 
is callin it a night . txt it or don't bother lol 
is a zombie this morning . 
Back home for a bit , bout to kick it at zachs . 
Picture me rollin ' in my five hunnit benz . 
is tired of the rain . Night ! 
" Real G's move in silence like lasagna " 
" I chimed in with the , ' Haven't you people ever heard of closing the goddamn door ? '" 
surprise me . please . 
is beer an antiinflammatory ? because i'm using it for one lol 
Is finally gonna get some sleep . Txt it if ya got it , not after 6 pm . 
Rest assured that my inflection is not representative of my enthusiasm . 
Through adversity there is redemption . With passion . Fire . I am unbroken . 
" Girl , you know tha business . I got more than just a thang for you . " 
Radda , Rahduh . 
Anberlin and cleaning ? ehh . 
Liar , lawyer , mirror show me whats the difference ? 
I like my plain face . You can see that its happy , although its plain , and its never hiding a frown . I'd be wary of the teeth baring grinners . 
Night , you lovely bunch of coconuts . 
I wish Home Depot and Barnes & Nobles were in the same place , with just a hint of Best Buy . 
Shut ya lips , ya sill sonofabitch ! 
is tappin out for the night . 
take it away for about three hours . I want to sleep for real again . 
Lortabs suck . hittin the bed , so text me ! 
" I burn , burn like a wicker cabinet . Chalk white and oh so frail . " 
Lazy Sunday . Get off your ass . Go , go , go ! 
just found out that he could be walking three months after surgery . maybe i shouldn't look into these things ... 
Needs a oomph booster . 
Laptop = Garbage . Bring on the sun ! 
doesn't understand the fascination . 
has Pride and Joy stuck in his head soooo deep lol 
" and when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for a while . ' Cuz , girl , you're amazing , just the way you are . " 
This boat is obviously sinking ! 
Haven't heard any epic April Fools yet . Whats the deal ? 
could very well be a tid bit insane . 
Lady called about my MRI . Complete ACL tear , two meniscal tears , and a small fracture where my shin knocked my humerus . Surgery on the 20th . haha 
So being at work like immediately turns my face wicked red . haha 
Saw some old friends today , pretty badass ! 
I want to take you for granted . I want to take you for granted . 
Keep your premonitions , facts , and feelings . I wouldn't fit your mold , and I surely wont cut myself short trying . Theres a big , little world out there and it belongs to everyone . I'm down to share it . 
Cape Horn . Say that five times fast . 
is tired and awake . Hopefully not for much longer though . 
Kicked it with some new work buddies last night . Awesome , opossum . 
is wearing a blue shirt today . Thats about the plan so far lol 
is going back to sleep . XD 
Its because I listen to The Verve and MF Doom back to back isn't it ? 
needs to wash his car , his clothes , and back of his mind . 
Is watchin the Imaginaraium of Doctor Parnassus and I think I've already seen it ... how did this happen ? 
nap time , text it 
I look through photographs and faded letters from you . An empty shoebox on my bed , lingering thoughts of what you said , show me a better me . 
" Phew . For a minute there , I lost myself . I lost myself . " 
Oh , what a beautiful morning with my Shonda Renee :) 
rubs against the grain , honest and open . 
is watching American Idol .. but I love the Beatles . So there . 
Shuddaaap . I'm up , I'm up . 
The cliffhangers seem to bury me alive . 
is already tired of this lack of mobility . Surgeon was booked until tomorrow morning at 10:00 . I'll be at the house indefinitely , so come see me lol . 
Mixing up some Radiohead and Hayling . I think I'm just gonna melt this afternoon . 
almost pissed on his foot because the crutch slid . Funny how a hurt leg is worse than no leg lol 
Has a weird urge to play some volleyball ... lol 
gameboy died and the charger is in my car ... in cabot . guess i'll be watching traffic for fun tomorrow lol 
" The third planet is surely being watched by an eye in the sky that can't be stopped , and when you get to the promised land , you're gonna shake that eye's hand . " 
Woman wants me dead , lol . Leaving Curling Irons on for me to crutch around and sniff out >_< 
Your pretty eyes won't hide your nasty attitude . Theres a difference between skin deep and a rough surface . 
is having real trouble sleeping . >_> 
Whooaaee . Set it off in this muthafuckah . 
I once had a rose named after me and I was very flattered . But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalogue : ' no good in a bed , but fine up against a wall ' . - Eleanor Roosevelt 
Bout hongreh time . 
Just took the best shower ever . night 
Feels like a stranger has come in the night . 
40oz . to freedom . 
We draw the line at being in your life . Heres the man of the hour We'll cast all problems aside Cheers to the future May they bury you alive . Move . 
I'm a cowboy . On a steel horse I ride . XD 
Whats cooler than bein cool ? 
L2English . Jesus Christ , I don't ours to be that retarded generation . 
definitely tore his ACL . surgery not until next week . 
Needs to work for suddenlink . Apparently they aren't required to actually do anything . Douchcebags . 
' s vivid memory is causing him grief at the moment . 
wants some honey . 
Getting ready for work . Got used to the night thing already .. >.< 
Fun Fact : The US has funded Israel an estimated $108 Trillion since 1949 . Jews are a problem . 
Thank you , Overhaulin . You pass the time in a good way lol . 
You talkin bout a fun night . Makin breakfast , then shower and work , clockwork . :D 
Whichapishaw ! I'd frikkin drop her ass , man . 
is having a hard time adjusting to this slow pace . 
Ask me about my wiener ! 
Theres never just one answer . I don't see why thats a problem . 
Add another fantastic night to the list . I had more fun than I probably should have , but it meant so much more to be regular than I could ever give . 
So Pontypool was the weirdest movie I've wrapped my head around in a while . lol 
Manhattan Reserve , little whiskey heavy , keep it dry . On the rocks in a Tumbler . I'm a man damnit , I want the cherry and a frickin twist . Whos got me ? :[ 
I am the great cornholio . I am a gringo . I have no bunghole . thanks VH1 lol 
C'mon , Tubesock , hit me again ! 
What a baffling tangent , this dream . I'm going for a drive . Text it . 
doesn't believe in trying too hard . If you want it that bad , go for broke or forget it . 
Oh Lord prepare them , for I am here to raze temples and build mausoleums . 
is going to toss and turn the night away .. flat on his back . Txt me so I don't have to play pokemon . lol 
is drinking some Chocolate Chip Creme Brule Coffee . Pretty damned tasty . 
I Rock the Casbah with little help from my friends , and of course , Amadeus . 
Lets see if I dream in three colors tonight . 
So there are like six kittens living on my porch .. You should give them homes or something . brown and black tiger striped ones , white with brown stripes and so on . 
Rain , Rain ... Do your damn job and make me sleep . kthxnight . 
is in for the night . Such a good one it was . 
Shhooooowwaaaahhhhh . 
crutched to the bathroom and stayed up long enough to pee . lookin good . 
wishes there was a group that read : " Oh , Hi ! You must be the slack-jawed retard I spoke on the phone with . " 
" Go . Take your economy car and your suitcase . Take your psycho little dolls . Take it all away " 
that baby don't look like me . 
It would seem that sleep is not my mistress tonight . ugh . 
" Well , thats absurd . People are bastard coated bastards with bastard filling . " 
Dude ! Whats up on some sleep ? >.< 
List me off some clever movies . 
Back from Heber . If a cripple can do it , so can you ! Its hot as hell sleeping in a tent though , so expect to sweat lol . 
Owned and got owned at some Pro Street with Zach . Callin her quits for tonight . 
I can be your powder keg , yeaheayeah . If you can be my .. Fuuuuuuse . 
feels like playing some Wind Waker . 
Cleaned up a bit , about to wash some clothes and get ready for work . Whoo ~ 
is relieved that the leg brace isn't causing the itch , yet horrified to discover poison ivy on the leg he can't move . Absolute misery and I can't do a damn thing about it . awesome . awesome . 
Good night . Good times . Goodness gracious . 
I'll give it one for the money , two for the time . Three for the homies , and four for the dime . 
gets the staples out of his knees tomorrow . Wonder what that feels like .. lol 
Turkey sandwich or pop-tart ? 
Nothin makes you feel like a man more than a Thundercougarfalconbird . 
As proud as you are , am I . As hard as you push , I push . As far you fly , I can see . They don't make em strong enough to hold me down , but by god , its fun when they see it coming . :D 
keeps getting request from people in the UK >.< 
alive , thanks to zach and kenny for the makeshift ramp haha 
I'm afraid you have . Absolutely bonkers . I'll tell you a secret , though . All the good people are . 
My tummy is grumblin ' . Bleh 
will never take two for flinching , and is damn proud of it . 
Needs a trampoline to better observe the stars . XD 
aarrgh .. relaxing day . 
Week and a day , six months to go . Its a hard thing , to live without stimulation . No intensity . No drives to clear my mind . Waiting for this next half year to be a blurred memory . 
is goin to taeks a nap . 
Because muh bidness is not yo bidness . My twostep is not yo twostep . We do it harder . 
alive , powerless , cripple , and a piece of our roof caved in . cant win for losing , but i cant complain too much . hope everyone else is safe ! 
You fly , you crash , you learn . You go further .. to the next crash , but still you learn . 
Have I gone mad ? 
Alpha Mike Foxtrot . sleep . 
You wouldn't think , but everything happens for a reason . The greet , The meet , The kiss , The fight , The break , The tears , The lies , The knife . Stay away from the emergency exit . We aren't quite done yet . 
Three is a magic number . 
Night , Folks . Pleasant dreams . 
" Do you believe what you're saying ? Yeah , right now , but not that often . Are you dead or are you sleeping ? " 
night . 
needs an adrenaline shot this evening . so ready to gets paid . 
Tired of whore baths in the sink . Where the hell can I find a hinged knee brace that I can get wet ? Seriously , peg legged for a half hour is making my ass cramp lol 
is officially stating that boredom is much worse than physical pain . 
/melted 
Its not fair to say some things that are unwanted , and can not be unheard . Hard lesson . Assume that I'm never in a sour mood , just in rancid company . 
Well I guess it would be nice if I could touch your body . I know not everybody has a body like you . Dudes gay but the song is good lol 
If its auto tuned , it should never hit a top anything list . I hate popular music :[ 
This thunder is shaking the house hardcore lol 
settled on an apple . 
I am still a rasin in the sun , raging against the machine . 
Smoke ' em if ya got ' em . 
Surgery tomorrow morning at 9:30 . Oughtta be tight . 
watchin spider man 3mo . wish i had a menthol XD 
" Then I let the alpine play . Bumpin new shit by N.W.A. " 
Has seriously slept away Easter . Which was nice , but strange . 
Brown chicken , brown cow ! Somebody kill all the hornets ? 
bruh bruh is a striped cat that kicks it my porch , bruh . 
Bloodrocuted . 
is in the hospital . right knee had a career ender today . xrays and i'll know the score , but it isnt good ... 
is pretty tired . Happy Easter , if you do that sort of thing . 
went to get batteries from the kitchen drawer . fixed the ice maker and got a drink ... forgot the damned batteries . cripple fail . 
Isle of Capri all night . Was fun , but I really expected more . 
whats the difference between boredom and anxiety ? would rather have xanax than pain meds at this point lol 
I show my appreciation with indifference . 
Perfect darkness , rain , thunder , and it smells like honeysuckles . what a night it has been . 
" Hey , Frankie . Wanna know what a hooker is ? " " Yeah ! " " They're your mother's friends . " 
wants to see The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus . 
: initiator of great change . keep up . 
I don't care what nobody says , no , I'm gonna be her lover . Always mad and usually drunk , but I love her like no other . I like music more than tv . =] 
They call me white sinner . Black martyr . Live wire . Fire Starter . 
Someone email me some smokes . I'm stuck in the bed >_< 
is tired . Why are there so many people up at 2:30 ? 
Black bird singin ' in the dead of night . 
Decoy . Its just so hard to politely ask : Would you please just shut the fuck up ? 
lollin at gay marriage still being an issue . Straight people shit on it , might as well let the other couple have tax breaks lol 
Can gimp walk without crutches . Made some coffee XD 
Its almost as if people forgot that violence is natural . 
has never been so bored . this is torture , i swear it ! 
Sitting in this room playing Russian roulette . Finger on the trigger to my dear , Juliet . 
I think all the women I could live with are queer . lol 
The difference wasn't at all subtle , so my stomache turned , and I moved on about my business a changed man . 
Who saves the day if everyone expects someone else to be the hero ? If you don't ask question , you'll never get an answer . 
doesn't intend to finish half of what he starts . Maybe , someday , people will understand and be inspired . You miss 100% of the shots you don't take . 
wants to munch some pain meds , jam some screws in it , and swim in some calamine . watching superstar lol 
I don't mean to giggle at your passionate efforts , but dangerous minds are better left insane . 
wishes to be sleeping . 
hopes it snows so he can cuddle up with his amazing woman :) 
You gimme your numbah , I hit you up . You act like your pussy don't interrupt . 
two months til walkin . 1/3 of the way there , damnit . Ready to get up and just fuckin go . 
" How tall are you ? " 
" Why ? " 
" I need to know how tall you are .. for your coffin . " 
here i go , scream my lungs out tryin to get to you . 
Last call ! 

It's closing time 
I'm on the road to god don't know 
My brain's the burger and my heart's the charcoal 
Tits or GTFO . 
Waiting for the sun to come up .. again lol 
I love the internet . This has been an extremely educational morning for me . Time to relax with some coffee :D 
No , I don't suppose . Downpour , Downpour . 
August Burns Red , Sky Eats Airplane , St. Lunatics , Sublime , and Jack Johnson = One Kickass Eclectic Pandora station . 
Now I've walked through hell for you . Whats an adventurer to do but rest these feet at home with you . 
needs more board games , as well as balderdash . 
I believe that there is some entity wishing that I not sleep . Down the all nighter every nighter road again . Hope this passes quick . 
Today was a rollercoaster ride for me . Great catching up with ya , Boots ! =] I wish the day was longer , though . I have unfinished business that crushes me . 
so this therapy is surprisingly intense ... shit . 
Resting my head to dream in red , maybe in yellow , black and white . 
Just shaved off about 3 inches of epic neck beard haha 
" You wouldn't know perversion if it put clamps on your testicles . " -Le Bender 
come with me , you will see a world of pure imagination . 
Is drunk and awake . whoo ~ 
So the crap news in crap arkansas is discussing the documents leaked about US war crimes in the middle east with special imput from the helpful hacker Adrian Lamo . Progress ? 
" where you at " " This is the message my daughter was reading when she Evil Knievel'd her car and died . " Maybe if you weren't illiterate , she'd still be alive . 
Played pro street all night at zachs , passin out . 
Gettin about bed time , right ? 
needs something to occupy his time , damnit . 
Regrets are like cats . Feed one and it will come back with more . 
Because : U look r vry sxy is romantic . 
Oyasuminasai . 
Eating lunch at Larry's tomorrow around noon if anyone would like to see a cripple . night , kiddos ! 
Has way too much energy to sleep . To the surgeon in the morning , hope all is well . Maybe he'll tell me when I can bend it again , for I am weary of this brace . 
Finishin Kick Ass then bed . 
Today has been pretty fantastic lol . Stoked I'm off tomorrow ! 
Nice hands , Pele . 
Mitch Hedburg , glad to see you on tv . Awesome . 
I can finally stand on the donor leg . Got some shorts on and Joe is comin over . I'll be crutchin around some tomorrow , hopefully . 
To the Hospital . Wish me luck , kiddos . 
This laptop is a piece of frikkin trash . 
Heres to the old school . Can you dig it ? 
-- is the best boyfriend ever :) i love youu , Christopher Shane :) 
The Beatles , The Postal Service , The Shins , MGMT , and The Mouse . Chillaxitatin . 
Pick up paycheck : check . Get Josh n Emma to work : check . Step on two nails chasing a runaway spaniel .. : check ? wehtehfeh . 
Nemui . -_- 
prefers purple hair and gages to a dress . 
Mmm . my new soap smells awesome haha . 
" Yeah , its like that one grape in the bunch that never got to be a grape . " 
Time to crash , work at 10 . Night , kiddos ! Sleep well . 
' s fingers are blistered and raw . Bout to watch Solomon Kane and Unthinkable then call it a night . 
Needs to be free of himself . 
look in tha mirrrrrr . >_> 
The people roofing my house ARE Mexican , but they DON'T smoke . Somebody bring me a pack of menthols ! 
Captain Deez Nutz . What a day it has been , and much more to go XD 
High hopes and low expectations . I wish I could sleep on my side :[ 
Grrgle . 
" If you havin ' girl problems , I feel bad for you , son . I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one . " 
So .. Pain pills make me feel good , but they keep me wide awake . Need to switch up the narcotics here . 
" Dude , you sure you're alright ? " " Oh , hell yeah ! I got my mustard , mayonaisse , and my chunk o ' wood . We're straight , bro . " Christ I miss the great times . 
Took 5 , count ' em , FIVE steps without crutches today . Six to Nine months can choke on it . 
Its no surprise to me , I am my own worst enemy . ' Cuz every now and then I kick the living shit outta me . 
staples out and healing rapidly . already at about 18 degree bend on the first day i've been allowed to ! looking forward to punishing myself into fantastic shape XD 
I can shoulda lean , Iunnohowadancthough . ebonixg'night . 
can't seem to sleep . 
They be like Smmoove ( What ? ) Can you teach me how to dougie ? You know why . Cause all the bitches love me ( Ayyye ) 
I am the fun in dysfunctional . 
The question doesn't have to be answered . The cruelty of omniscience is that one would have the " capacity " to know everything that ever was , is , and could be . Nothing guarantees that infinity should be bothered with in the first place . Surely its a better activity to enjoy than ponder . 
What has two thumbs and can't sleep . :: points thumbs at face :: This Guy .. (( cheers )) 
Closing time . Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end . 
Hit me again , Tubesock ! Let's go ! 
Cleaned the room and found a menthol ^_^ 
Well it took a lot of work to be the ass I am , and I'm really damn sure that anyone can equally , easily fuck you over . 
Preach it , you whimsical bastard . 
Machigaenai , totemo nemui yo . 
Had a nightmare that really rocked me . Too intense . 
Hey , you ! Go to sleep . 
Back on this sleep hurdle . 
" Ohhh , Quid Pro Quo , Douchebag . " 
Closing time , every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end . 
Had the most elaborate dream ever about 45 minutes ago . Colosseum , Swat team , a buddies house , a lake , tons of bullets and illegal activities . A few dogs , a swarm of bees , a motorcycle . A concert . I wish I could record it all , Its already leaving me lol 
Whoever is doing the facebook chat at me , all I see is a big white box lol . I have a phone you can text or a wall for you to slather your love on . Use it . 
This is the life we sow . This is the life I lead , and they can never take it from me . 
Perhaps there is good reason for some not knowing generosity from this man . Careful with words and demeanor , I pay them back in spades , bitch . 
' Bout to much some Cap'n Crunch . 
Sick as hell , made it through work . Seems the only thing I wanted to do today was the only thing impossible to achieve . Hope all is well out there ! Night 
Fukitol . needat . 
wants you to make him french toast . 
Its soooo damn hot outside . I give these crutches just a few more weeks . Bring on the pimp cane ! 
Haaa ... I'm out . 
Slut , what the fuck ?! Break it down Motherfuckerrrr ! 
Who decided that awh was the correct spelling ? Furthermore , why does that annoy the piss outta me ? lol 
It really is amazing how a chat with an old friend can put things into real perspective . I'm right where I need to be , and its nice . 
About to download In Bruges and Ice Harvest . Heard they be good . 
The world doesn't spin in spite of you , but it will spin without you . No sense in wasting so much time , right ? Get off your ass and see whats right in front of you , because i promise you , it wont last forever . Nothing is permanent , enjoy it while its good . 
If you can't pick up a glass , why are you in a bar ? Eat Shit , thats why . 
Alright , fuck it . Dragon , you can have her . 
sleeeeeeep . 
You have to drink it , margaritas won't regret themselves . 
aha ? i'm the best to ever do it , bitch . 
had a drink with ol Joe . kinda sweaty lol 
Chillin . Diablo 2 , coffee , and the Mouse . : 0 ) 
The day I run out of reasons to smile is the day the world stops turning . Just a fucking thing , it all will pass . 
will give handies in a back alley for an acoustic guitar to play with for the next few months . 
Modest Mouse , Jack Johnson , Norah Jones , The Beatles , and Weezer . Sleepy time . 
Ey , woah , woah . Who da fuck is you , uh ? 
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there . 
A spiritual being having a human experience . A learning experience . Heres to lolling at the sad people . :D 
Doc's at 8 . Hope its all good news . 
Last night I had that strange dream , where everything was exactly how it seemed . 
Your temper brings dishonor to my Happy Mushu Palace . 
Just picked up the guitar . Thanks Mr. Moss ! 
Kinda wanna get the chesire cat tattooed on the back of my head for when I finally go bald . Like a big gnarly grin , all eyes and teeth . lol 
So vodka gives me heartburn ... I don't think I have what it takes to be an alcoholic . 
needs a new pair of shoes and sandals . no homo . 
Twizzlers . That is all . 
I can tell that sparkle is gone , and you still don't know how to whisper . 
Make a pallet of leaves and watch the trees rain a dancing quilt onto this earth of ours ? I think I may just do it again . 
I love you , Shonda Renee ! 
" If you had sex with her , you'd be gay , because that dude has a dick ! " 
I stood on my own two feet today . Taking baby steps with the crutches . 
may have a job by week's end . Finally . 
is playing diablo 2 again lol . USEast Ladder Softcore * SturdySama 
Its amazing how a little rest and relaxation can close a door , but open a window . Jesus , boy . Your fingertips are flamebellow . 
You'll get what's coming to you 
You're blinded by your instincts 
I'm not your fucking game 
I'm not so easily beat 
GET LOW 
Look up Federal Reserve , Rothschild , Zionism , and a borderless North America . Look up the history of Palestine and Israel . Get active , and get angry . 
Schocked the doc . Ready to start trying to bear weight and walk already with a hinged brace . Bring on the pain , I'm makin this happen . 
I can see the superficiality , the flaws , the foolishness , and the impracticality . I'd burst , burning to scream and be heard , but for naught . So in silence I will sit and reflect . I hope my reflection is familiar soon . 
I hope sleep comes easily tonight . Feeling more and more relaxed . Seems I needed to purge some weight off of my conscience . Seems like an odd choice of words considering the day . Goodnight , all ! Sweet dreams . 
Hot shower . Game face , boy . This tired shit is old news . 
And its a long day livin ' in Reseda . Theres a freeway runnin ' through the yard . 
I've gone crazy 
Cause there are things in the streets I don't believe 
So we'll pretend it's alright and stay in for the night 
What a world 
I'll keep you safe here with me . 
The only thing that really bothers me is that you'll all call yourselves my friends . Why can't you look me in the eye one last time ? 
You wasted life , why wouldn't you waste death ? 
Roofers are stupid loud . 
Manhattan Royal plz . Its creeping up on getting closer to noon . >.< 
" I'm growing leeegs , I am the spider , I am the spider . " 
" Don't fear God . Don't fear Death . What is good is easy to get . What is terrible is easy to endure . " 
L13K B3D . 
Nice to see all you folks at the beer pong party ! I wont be crippled next time ! XD 
Hire this man . 
Carrying Cups , Laundry , and cleaning a single room . 3 Simple tasks that are retarded difficult when hobbled . 
But you're beautiful tonight ~ 
Its pretty badass to have good neighbors ^.^ 
Soliddd ! 
I'm trying , im trying to drink away the part of the day that I cannot sleep away . 
Do the Ricky Bobby , stop , pose for the frame . Just kiddin , but just watched Talladega Nights lol . 
Anyone know of a job that doesn't require the ability to walk or carry anything ? >.> 
Has been informed to ask a doctor about Dissociative BPD haha XD 
Manager Meeting at 9 . Got the promotion pending the background check . Ready , and expecting to see and make changes . 
" now we can settle this like gentleman , or we could get into some old gangster shit . " 
I'm pretty sure I hate scotch . Night kids . 
Chopped and Screwed . 
Who would wanna be , who would wanna be such a control freak ? 
Silly Ass , men don't eat mustard , how could you get it on your tie ? 
Here's where we prove all your fairytales wrong . This all stops tonight . Swim in your sea of smoke until your lungs lose the fight . It's over . This all stops tonight . Or prove me wrong . 
is exhausted and loving it . =D 
It too hot to be cripplin around . The only thing I hate more than being crippled is doing dishes . 
Drop D just isn't low enough . I still love you acoustic , calluses are coming in nicely :D 
Been listening to some super sick a# and drop g melodics and breakdowns . ISO : electric . Or toast and honey . 
says its about nap thirty . 
I never said I was headed for greatness , but I've made it a point to be polar opposite of the unhappy people full of useless advice . No sense in playing by the rules when the system is broken . 
Last time I gave a SHIT , i got FUCKED . OH BOB SAGET ! 
Something is missing . Actually going to sleep on it . 
Oh STOP ! HAMMERTIME ! 
I need a loop .. lol 
wants to watch Space Jam . 
And it's been a long time , which agrees with this watch of mine . And I guess that I miss you , and I'm sorry if I dissed you . 
We're Baaaaackdriiiifting . 
Dear Doorway , 
We've been cool for a long , long time , but this malicious intent towards my toes and elbows has seriously come between us . 
Its over . I hope your trim falls off . 
So is Whooty like a ghetto white girl ass ? 
is feeling pretty good today . Might just sleep the rest away . 
And if I was blessed , I'd walk on that water you're breathing to lend you some air for that heaving , sunken chest . 
You are the only one that can make you happy , which makes perfect sense . Riddle me this : Why try so hard to please everyone else when the same rule is in effect ? 
Kickin it with Josh Saunders . Come see us ! Or go fuck yourselves . Whatever sinks your submarine . 
Pretty exhausted . Night , folks ! 
New knee brace . Its time to get to work . 
Fear is another way of saying that you've realized the darker secrets of mankind . 
Gonna party the night away . Only four hours tomorrow morning XD 
running scripts through wine is pissing me off . Linux is pissing me off . aaagghh . 
How do you chase a feeling when you have to tell yourself how you feel in the first place ? 
is droppin the people's elbow on some candy ass jabronis . 
Feels like a train wreck ! =[ 
Can't wait for 10:10 , 10/10/10 . XD 
Its quiet in the sticks again . Night . 
Just a few wicked intentions . =D 
Oop . Dick in the mouth , Motherfucker . 
Hooooome , n happy . 
Whether you're high or low . Whether you're high or low . Tip on the Tightrope . 
merry christmas , kiddos ! hope all is well and the goodies flow abundantly . 
is bored .. pretty much . lol 
yecch . Gotta go to work soon . Maybe something funny will happen haha 
Alright Family Fued game is gay . Name a Cartoon Character whos voice would be a detriment to day time radio . Didn't have Popeye , Marge Simpson , or Woody Woodpecker .. 
Its a hard argument to say that we turn into to something that you couldn't imagine we could be , when you overlooked the fact in the first place . Nothing has changed , and for the most part , old habits die hard . 
The wake of disaster leaves only a master , twisted , tried , and true . He embellishes agony in a bittersweet satire , his words alluding to you . 
Strings are too brassy for Drop C . Back to the basics , lets go finger speed ! 
Going to sleep . Losing sight of the point of it all . 
Yardcore . The people want more ! 
I wake up in the morning and piss excellence . Nobody can hang with my stuff . 
" We can settle this like you got some class , or we can get into some gangster shit . " 
Oh the blood , of the blood , of the Massacre ! Except it sounds like Mexican . >.< 
Your heart felt good , it was dripping pitch and made of wood . Your hands and knees felt cold and wet on the grass to me . 
Just finished The A-Team . Watch it if you haven't already lol . 
" All you are to me is dead skin . " 
So I'll drive so fucking far away that I'll never cross your mind 
Watchu know about dat ? 
Passin out left-handed jollies for gas money ^_^ 
Taught to only show his face in the worst of times . 
What I focus on grows . 
I stress over nothing , or at least I did yesterday . I feel like cast iron limbs and exhaustion today . 
Oh yes . 
What would be more terrifying in the end ? Having the balls to reach for the finish line in the first place , finally getting what you thought you wanted and being overwhelmed , or failing completely ? 
" The biggest gang in America is the police " 
Today has been far from extravagant . buh . 
Totally gonna enjoy my Friday 13th . Hurrup ! 
" Dude , I puked on a frog . " -Joe 
Its hard to say I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep because my dreams are bursting at the seams . 
" If your stomach feels weak then our work here is DONE ! " 
One day I could look distinguished . ( ugly with money ) 
is the best boyfriend any girl could ever ask for :) i love youu , Christopher Shane Sturdy <3 
-- youur girl , 
Shonda Renee :) 
I can no longer shit brix and stumble . I need some video games , I think . 
There is a limit to which your body must abide . Trust me as I test this theory tonight . 
Bowflex back at the house . Being crippled is exhausting . 
At the beauty college with my wonderful Shonda Renee :) 
I could buy myself a reason . I could sell myself a job . I could hang myself for treason , man , I am my own damn god . Ahahahahahaha . 
Yeeeaaahhh . I get satisfaction . 
" I said yep , what a concept . I could use a little fuel myself , and we could all use a little change . " 
Cupcake . 
" I put my mack down , thats where you lack at . She need her candle lit , and I'm a wax that . " 
No class , no taste . 
Wheres the party is tonight ? PS . I'm broke . lol 
Sirens and light before the sun comes up in the middle of nowhere . Awesome . lol 
My brain needs a pavelow . 
Watching 21 Grams . 
Yayy .. Cable sucks again . Tech comin Friday and hes gonna be pissed XD . I'm gonna stand over his shoulder while he replaces every inch of cable on this property . 
I want some chocolate milk . (>'.')> 
#1 Stunna 
Because Doucher.com is , in fact , a Doucher & Doucher Law Firm page . WTG intarwebz , you make me chuckle . 
I wish someone would slap words out of my mouth before I say them . Having some wicked realistic dreams again . Had to walk around the house to make sure I was awake : \ 
Ricky Bobby 
" And if ya don't know , now ya know , Nigga . " 
Really Early + Suicide Centipede in the bathroom = this cripple is going back to sleep on that shit . 
Needs a better Lappy . >.< 
It ain't easy making it look easy . Keep that in mind when you're feeling jealous . 
Before you open your mouth , treat yourself like a child first . Is it a big deal or a little deal ? Re-train yourself to be a real person again . Life isn't like the bullshit on the glow box . 
:: sigh :: I could be working somewhere right now . 
Aagh . I gotta get outta this house ! 
I rawr like a lion while I sleep . 
Bouttamuncha Chickenenchilada . 
An Idealist Champion . An initiator of change with the burden of progress . It will be made right and whole , even if by these hands . 
is officially sick of his house . I need work , and I need it now . 
I am the stone that the builder refused . I am the visual . The inspiration that made Lady sing the blues . =D 
Wouldn't change if it killed you . 
" History doesn't repeat itself .. at best it sometimes rhymes . " 
I love gettin out of the shower and watchin my skin steam lol 
Good morning , and goodnight . 
I would burn this city , so quick and witty , to find a moment of mellow in the madness . So narrow-minded , however , to not rebuild before destroying . 
Knowing something useless doesn't make you smarter . 
" You see her confidence is tragic , but her intuition magic " 
" Flaming enthusiasm , backed up by horse sense and persistence , is the quality that most frequently makes for success . " 
Dale Carnegie 
If you know where I live , come get me inebriated tomorrow and hit the bowflex wimme . 
Pa-Chow ! 
Just finished For Richer or Poorer . Oddly enough , thats not whats on my mind at all . 
BA ! Cable dude was funny as shit , straight ripped old cable outta the wall and did it right . Webz is fast XD 
" What I'm doin is not your business . In fact , what is you doin over here ? Is you a waitress or something ? Cuz the shit you got on make you look like a waitress . " 
I think I'm just too bored to sleep normally . 
A key can open doors , but it can also lock you in . Some riddles may not be worth solving . 
wants some peanut m& ms. 
Y-A-R-D-C-O-R-E Yardcore de people want more ! 
I'm rare , like Mr. Clean with .. ah shit . 
Has no gas and work at 11 . For the love of god , wish me luck or witch me up some money . 
Chicken and Chicken Rice ? Surely there is a better combo . 
" The Sheriff demands that those pictures be burned . " 
Are you dead or are you sleeping ? Are you dead or are you sleeping ? 
is a parasite , drowning without so much as a word of encouragement . Thanks , ma . What the fuck ever . Can't wait to write these chapters off for good . 
Bout to shower and pick up a very gorgeous lady . :D 
I've got half a mind to introduce you to some southern act right . 
So it takes about 3 hours to raise a new power pole O.o bout time too , its a bit toasty . 
Wake up sun . Its almost time to go to bed . =D 
People don't grow up , they just do things that are necessary to keep a home running . The trick to being happy is keeping that child like curiosity . It isn't hard at all , just do something new to you . 
Wendy's Salads commercial : " To know your greens , you must grow your greens . " Heh . 
Kicked it with a coupla Lady Killahs . 
is raping the houses and burning the women . 
Got the old woman home , all is well . Hangin ' with the Grandparents , and Grandma is making Chicken and Dumplings . Win for today . 
" When the devil asks you to dance , you better say never , because a dance with the devil could end up lasting forever . " 
" Heres the man with teeth like god's shoeshine , they sparkle , shimmer , shine . " 
I am the ego that controls the scene . The over-confident . The grinnin ' bastard steady pullin at the seams . 
,, | ,, [ O_o ] ,, | ,, wants to sleep all day . 
If you can't properly spell the four and five letter words in your esteemed opinions , feel free to keep them to yourselves . 
Tom and Jerry in the morning :) Miss you , baby ! Sweet dreams :) 
Nyur hurr . Needs Job NAO ! 
Should have already slept at this point .. 
My energy kinda sky-rocketed after eating . Woooooot ! 
Why do I not have rechargeable batteries ? 
" Oh while I live , to be the ruler of 
life , not a slave , to meet life as a powerful conqueror , and nothing 
exterior to me will ever take command of me . " -Walt Whitman 
Needa suh coffee an a gootaime . 
Needs some Cognac and a Cigar . 
Listen up kids , Halloween Party . Either tell me where a big one is , or we'll get one going close to home . Want all the party amenities and some good costumes . Go ! 
" Hey , Gucci Mane , why you sweatin so hard ? " 
Today feel wierd . O.o 
" Baby , everything is alright . Uptight , out of sight . " 
Cartoons and a bowl full of Cherries . Its the pits , and I like it . :D 
Today has been about a monumental disappointment . 
Just Reinstalled Linux . Now to download all my music again :[ 
I like to argue . 
Rhetoric with inflection is still the same old tune . I need lightning in my head . 
Just might have found his new hobby . =D 
I'm awake ! Shh . 
September 17-19 weekend . My birthday on 19th , Mr. Josh Saunders on the 20th . I'm thinkin double birthday party . Who's in ? Go go go : 
Theres probably some marvelous girl with a simple name and pretty eyes just waiting to be swept off her feet . I suppose I'm the guy that catches her . 
" An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . " 7 P's of success . Proper and Prior Planning Prevent Piss Poor Performance . 
7:30 - 3:30 . 8 hours of sleep . Its not really wasting the day if you don't waste the night , right ? :D 
" Just ' cause you feel it , doesn't mean its there . " 
" Its been a long time , which agrees with this watch of mine . " 
:: Indiscriminate Grumbling :: 
is thoroughly enjoying Garden State while the reception is good . Cable guy should be here before 5 and then no more strife with the tvwebz . 
Must be a taiko concert in my head tonight . >.< 
putting linux back on the machine . cant seem to finnd a happy medium . In other news , this man had an awesome friday , and made some new friends in Atkins . Been tight . 
This is just a play on words . A figment that your mind created just to fuck with your head , so fucking leave it all behind ! 
How come all my favorite chicks are queers ? Shoulda been a lesbian . lol 
Grounded beats well rounded . Demeanor can change but should always be appropriate . 
Clean room . Feels nice . Too bad I have to go to work lol 
" Radda Radda " 
Phenomenalism . 
This sentence no verb . Night . 
" It is no measure of health to be so well adjusted to such a sick society . " 
Dueces Internets . Time for some TV/fan/snore . 
Good morning , kiddos ! I need some breakfast , kthx . 
" I'm killing myself to sleep . Sweet dreams and rest in peace . " 
Gettin the house ready for everyone . About to shower and get the Moms from the hospital . House full o cripples >.> 
" Looks like for every 424 people , 7 of them are drunk . " 
Finallly feel well rested , and on such a beautiful day ! Happy one-month , Shonda love . 
saw Krishna on a Burrito . 
let me put you on game 
You diabolical dick shrinkin mothafuckas ! 
MMO's: Where teams of grown men go to play as girls . 
Needs a Geetar Tunah ! 
" The futile , The futile , it outweighs the beautiful " 
" I'm not sayin it is , but I'm not saying it isn't . " 
Then you aren't saying a damn thing , STFU . 
is a conquerer in constant conflict . 
I'm the man behind the curtain . PS . You need to wash your sheets . 
well you may never be on the maybelline commercial 
Taiko-fest subsided . Sleepy time . 
" One test is worth a thousand expert opinions . " Tex Johnston - Boeing 757 test pilot . 
Wake up , boy . The day ain't done yet . 
I hate this slow paced life . I want my leg back , now . 
Trailer Park Boys : The Movie on Comedy Central . Heh . 
Learning lessons the hard way will only help you to convey the inevitable pain of the person currently ignoring you . 
( em ) My mind moves ( C ) way to ( G ) fast . ( em ) My heart just ( C ) moves a ( G ) little ( D ) slow . ( Am ) Still , I try ( D ) to be your fool . ( Am ) But these lonely nights ( D ) shout at me , " Tool ! " . 
I'm making an emo song too haha . 
Its cool that you people like what Glenn Beck has to say , but I'm pretty sure hes a douche . Educate yourselves , don't wait for the media to hint about what been going on . 
Maybe you really could fly if nobody ever told you otherwise . 
The quotes , quips , and phrases come from nights like these . At home , at ease , quietly drifting off to sleep , smiling . 
Needs a graveyard shift somewhere . This is ridicuous . 
Totally negating the workout with parmesan tilapia , green beans , and some delicious toast . 
I live in a world of absolute possibility , and I'm the eccentric one . =] 
Like being force fed a theoretical physics compendium in a strobe light , trippin balls with Barbara Streisand in the background . 
I love how I always look retarded because I'm always smiling . I hope they wonder about me XD 
Can you dig it ? 
Rapid Expansion . 
ridiculous shit . I'm surrounded by ridiculous shit and ridiculous fucking people . 
Ramen noodles for the sore throat . Wish it would stay cold XD 
Traitorous ass chicken fingers . Shoulda just stayed hungry >_< 
The Horizon Has Been Defeated . 
" Here's where we prove all your fairtytales wrong . This all stops tonight . Swim in a sea of smoke until your lungs lose the fight . It's over ! This all stops tonight , or prove me wrong ! " 
" And people say that I am a kid still , cuz the lil ' nigga still ride on big wheels " 
Surely the rules of ignorant men should be broken . Senseless tradition and outdated standards shouldn't stand in the way of progress . 
Tried to read , fell asleep . Tried to sleep , had a weird dream . Hop outta bed and start shivering . Something isn't quite right and I'm going to find and fix it . 
My , my , what a day it has been , indeed . =D Soo tired . 
Oh , beautiful rain . Why must I be made to leave your comfortable rapping ? 
I got the deaf people hearin this , blind people seein this . Paralyzed from the neck down , still feelin this . 
Feeling worn out . Le sigh , indeed . 
My sense of entitlement comes from hard work and hard play . I wouldn't ask if I didn't think I deserved it . What I could know will always be greater than what I have learned , but I have no intention of stopping now . 
Heres to a fantastic day ! Relax max . 
Has an idea for two songs . Thinking the titles should be Galvanized Surprise and Iron Life Jacket . 
Dag , Yo ! 
suppose i couldn't doubt the power of prayer .. or a mob mentality . nobody is as cruel as all of us . 
Thinking of ways to fall back asleep . 
" Kings could not afford such a place , it must belong to a Rothschild . " 
The wind bellows , windows shake . Sirens howl and I jerk awake . The wailing bleeds into thunderous heartbeats as I realize that it was only and dream , and you were never here . The fear subsides , I close my eyes , and venture on to the next startling return to reality . 
40 winks is terrifically overrated . 
" And if I was blessed , I'd walk on the water you're breathing to lend you some air for that heaving , sunken chest . " 
changeup ! only workin 6-9 again >.< 
Would it be wiser to pursue things only to lose them ? If experience is wisdom , what could you offer ? Age shouldn't be a factor if you haven't walked the plot . Take what you can get , and keep your mouth shut otherwise . 
Turns out that I am actually one angry motherfucker . 
wants an alienware aurora . =[ 
Teach me French . 
Woot , made it home ! Now to find some monies for tomorrow .. haha 
" Its no surprise to me , I am my own worst enemy . ' Cuz every now and then , I kick the living shit outta me " 
One night only , passin out massages . 15 minutes for 20 bucks , however you like it . Or you can donate to the I need some gas money fund =D 
" Everyone has done it , and nobody is proud of it , but it was still a memorable story . " 
I move too slow , and I think too fast , and the first rainbow I see will be the last . 
Don't let them think that their time is any more valuable than yours . I say we hang Congress and take back our Country as it should be . 
interesting day , to say the very least 
" I'm tired out by the distances achieved walking in my sleep . " 
My talent is the ability to be talented . Unequivocally receptive and fluid . 
Lilypad . 
" That joke is so old , last time I heard it , I laughed so hard I fell off my dinosaur . " 
" Oh while I live , to be the ruler of life , not a slave , to meet life as a powerful conqueror , and nothing exterior to me will ever take command of me . " -Walt Whitman 
Simply because I am the best me there will ever be , and I couldn't be happier . =D 
Youain't Gotta Nuff Money . 
They say I have a problem of taking whatever is offered and calling it good . Maybe I should hold out and take what I really want . Hell , if it wasn't there for me , why is it there ? 
" King Kong ain't got shit on me !! " 
Because when I'm excited , my face tells it to the world . :D 
has not accomplished much today :-/ hit the bowflex and made some coffee to start . Maybe it will be good ^.^ 
<-- Needs fuel badly . =] 
This business of " other halves " is asinine . I'm a whole person . I'm looking for a supplement to who I am , not a parasite . 
Pretty good night , although a bit of strangeness . Bout to watch The Last Airbender , findally , and sleep til around 5 .. if I manage . Night , kiddos ! 
Hmmk , done spamming songs for now lol . 
Borrowed a book . Maybe I can clear this noggin and sleep well ! Laundry and bed , kiddos . 
Linux back on , at least the damn thing is functional . Bout to munch some honey nut cheerios and forget about it . 
Ay , yo , woah . Tired all day and wide awake now . Awesome . 
Pull the strings of this marionette man . Make him dance and leap . 
Maybe it wasn't a victory to be shared . Who the fuck are you people ? I would imagine a glimpse of some shining monument for all the effort , but still theres only bitterness and selfishness . Cast me to the stones so that my shadow cannot see . 
Ok night . Excited about today as well ! 
wanna get filthy . 
Dood ! Fuck Murphy ! 
Would anyone be surprised if I was bipolar ? haha 
1:18 . Oil Changed , Air Filter Changed , Saw Shoe , Jesse , and Pepe . Got my license renewed , and a few things at work taken care of . So far pretty damn good day . Work at 5 . 
Maybe my dream was a spot of red in a field of yellow flowers . Of course , that wouldn't make much sense . Its only perfect . 
Pretty boy swaggin to the kitchen . Hungry hustler this morning . 
Surrender quietly or I'll pillage your booty ! 
" So let the purple sky explooooooode " 
Gettin ready to be a taco master tonight . O.o 
Got the job . TB in Beebe . 
Covered in gasoline and wanting a cigarette , just oh so bad . Such an oddity , this day . 
Six to close , ladies and gentlemen . Come get your tacos later . 
Why so ignorant ? Knowledge is Power ! 
" This time , baby , I'll be bullet , bullet , bullet .. proof . " 
When I'm good , I'm reeeallly good . When I'm bad , I'm better . 
" Theres a man assigned to me , and he checks on my stability . We discuss you every week , then I rinse , and rinse , repeat . " 
We are not the same * dun dun dun da-da-da dun dun * 
" What do your hissy-fits teach you , except how to cry , pussy , cry ? " 
Ah ! Took a nap and my tiny bit of hair is nice and curly lol . Wicked nice dreams ! 
Shackleton - Soundboy's Nuts Get Ground Up Proper EP - Naked Mix . Sounds like wub-wub and thunder . Pretty nice 
Finally having some entertaining dreams . Still can't sleep , though . Haha 
If deja vu means that you are on the path you're supposed to be following , then I must be right in line with destiny itself . Funny how rocky the circumstance was . 
double barrel boredom to the face in this place . 
" Floating my senses around my body . I wake my nose to smell that ocean burn . " 
Fifty Thousand Wattsof Bumpin . Got a 12 " rape dubstep mix . Two weeks til the 1200 mono XD 
Shes so heeeaaavvvvyyyyyy . 
It may not mean nothin to y'all~ 
Bowflexin , puttin 260 up 19 times . Gettin back to normal , and suck it shivers . 
The rain just won't stop pouring since the day he put the moves on you ! 
If you can't comprehend the purpose , you can assign no worth ; no value . Surely , its time to remember that the fact that we are humans , together , should be motivation enough to be decent to one another . 
Sleepy boy . Night , kiddos ! 
If you love me , bring me some soup n sudafed . =D Back to bed for my sickly ass . 
Scuba Steeeve ! 
Halloween Party ? Plan plan . 
Brix will be shat when you see it .. 
Disgustingly exhausted . Night , kiddos . 
I have ideas . Of course I get bummed when they don't come to fruition . The only problem is , I have more ideas than you :} 
I feel like I'm gonna end up with some freckle-faced , bull headed girl , whose sole purpose in life could be to destroy me completely . Or maybe I should eat a burrito . 
She got that good good . She Michael Jackson bad . And i'm attracted to her , and her attractive ass . 
license renewed , oil gettin changed to synthetic . lets go , day , work at 5 
Snarf snarf snarf . 
10/20/10 . Wear your purple to remember those who had too much love for this world . 
" So I don't plan on stoppin at all .. I want this shit forever , mayne . " 
Life's a garden . Dig it . 
Sometimes it isn't something you've done , its simply inevitable . Take the reigns , its only natural , practical . Peachy . 
Let's switch it up . It's time for something to happen :) 
Off work . Its about nap-thirty , for real . 
all this bullshit is for the birrds 
" Whatever happened to the rock n roll in your eyes ? " 
Soo not enough sleep for work . Runnin the gauntlet , good morning , gladiator . 
I'm trying . I'm trying to drink away the part of the day that I cannot sleep away . 
is having a difficult time enjoying anything as of late . Something is wrong , and I'm losing the desire to mend the fibers . A nightmare . 
this is fc i love you sturd the turd your my home boy 
Needs a little reciprocation and relaxation . I'm tired of arguing when I didn't want to in the first place . The problem isn't here , let me sleep . 
" Thaw with her gentle persuasion is more 
powerful than Thor with his hammer . The one melts , the other breaks 
into pieces . " - Henry David Thoreau 
I'd never have to say , " I'm sorry " , if you would grant a little permission ! 
" If you stop telling lies about me , I'll stop telling the truth about you . " :D 
Window shopping for my car on the intarwebz . Too addicting . 
" I'm goin for the gold . My heart is in control . My mind is on succeed , and I am in the lead . " 
I wish to be barefoot , care-free , and brash . Bare hands , baring teeth . Watch what is said , because for all this , my mood can change deftly and appropriately . 
Its painfully cold this morning :[ 
I'm not a winner , and I wouldn't want that curse . I'm a champion . I don't need the flattery , fake smiles , and idle banter to win past a crutch phase . I don't achieve by talent , I take trophies with hard work and sweat equity . I'll stay a champion and laugh at the winners . 
Something tangible . Something real . Something delicate that I can feel . Something rough to take the brunt . Something solid to break my front . Something I could count on . Something that would understand . Something that would dance the night away in the freezing cold rain until it hurts . That is what I'm after . This what I dream of . In the end , thats all I can offer in return . 
Good afternoon , kiddos ! Work 5-10 . Please don't txt or call then , we don't do that anymore lol 
Really couldn't have asked for a better day . Good times all around , much and nothing accomplished , and I've worn this smile all day long . :D 
Happy Thanksgiving , boys n girls ! I hope you all gain 20 pounds and enjoy yourselves thoroughly . 
Just found out my phone has been off for god knows how long . >.> 
I won't text you in the same room , but I will leave it . Whether or not you follow is entirely up to you . I hate what people are now . It isn't animal or human , its just sick and sad . 
Needs to be a few towns over right now . Off to work , kids . 
Silence the mind . Lose yourself . 
Just slashed about 60 of you acquaintances off this bad boy , so if you see this , we've met and we're cool . lol 
loves my girl very much . You're amazing , Shonda Renee Burlison . Forever . 
what ? we just do it better , fool . 
" PS . Iloveyouuforeverandalways " I love you , baby :) thank you for everything :D 
I want some money ! Come on you Chinese October ! 
better late than never , but never late is better . 
new year with my favorite :) night , baby . 
wishes for the animosity to dissipate . 
wishes he had some tasty english muffins . 
The difference between a boy and a man is blatantly obvious at 22 . I'm surrounded by children my age . 
pretty great night , if not a strange one . 
Paper thin and metal heavy . Guess what I am . 
" I'm going back to 505 . If its a seven hour flight or a forty-five minute drive . In my imagination you're waiting , lying on your side , with your hands between your thighs and a smile . " 
I cannot accept that my dreams will not come true , and I should not be made to wait . I'm past feeling selfish , its about this man anyway . 
Its so hard to feel guilty when this love is overwhelming and wholly fulfilling . For us , my Shonda and I . Narrow minded opinions and snide remarks can't touch us , so it would better serve you to observe in silence . kthx . I love you , baby . For always . 
Eardrums are like elephants , they don't forget the things they hear . They'd still carry fragments of the fings fed to your ear . Let me do the honors , and welcome you back to mankind . Just turn on the stereo and unwind . It goes : I will always lovve you , and as for taking it in stride .. 
Don't speak for me . You have no idea . 
Oh , if this lasted forever , it would end all too soon . For forever is only as long as you assume . So in an effort to save you a chance to whine , sit back on your easy chair , the privilege is mine . 
My day was better than yours . Work like 8-4 . 
" I swear you'll never see me in cowboy boots , but the spurs are implied . " 
my mouth is bigger than my mind . I'm a fool without a purpose without you , love . Its you , favorite . 
Because theres something delicate and beautiful about a shovel soaked in sin and sepia . Where would your memories take you when you don't wish to remember anymore ? 
" You're a tantric buddhist . " 
the man explains , " you simply will not know how drunk you are until you're that drunk . " 
deuces . wont be long now . 
chubby boy swaggin to the bed . meeting at 8 . lets go . 
all that jelly and no toast . damn . 
just got off and sledded home in my tank . well to my baby's house :) 
oh shes beautiful , that lady killer . 
Cash is king of diamonds , I'm sure . Greed is queen or a sleeved wonder . Certainly , this jack of spades could show some heart , change suits , dressed for success . Sunday's best won't beat the odds in the dealer's shuffle . shuffle left and hope for the best . 
I need a green eyed lady . Who wants the Sturdy ? haha 
Bring on some stormage ! I want a light show . 
A little luck of the Irish in my coffee . Whats happening today ? 
Today has been pretty boring . Whats up with that ? 
Grillin ' =D 
feels like a train wreck . ready for my love to kiss it all away . 
some things just linger in a heavy heart . rest well , pop . its been a long time . 
wishes lightning wuld strike taco bell . kthxjesusbai ~ 
C'mon , clock ! Only an hour until I can cuddle with my babylove :) I love you so much , Shonda Renee Burlison . I can't wait to hold you in my arms again . 
is like getting a fortune cookie that reads : " good luck " . 
Happy St. Patrick's Day , kiddos . Hope you're stuntin green . I love you , Shonda girl :) 
sometimes its just good to be me . 
has the best girlfriend ever . I love you , Shonda Renee :) 
go go gadget 5 hour energy 
just sanagged a blackberry torch for $ 1.06 
its a girl , afterall :) 
anyone have a ps2 memory card that is not in use ? lmk wuw for it haha 
laying in bed with Shonda Renee . I love you very much , and I couldn't be happier about our little girl . :D 
missed my daughters first ninja kick . thanks taco bell ... 
Living in a complacent america is not my dream . Working a full time job to be able to afford poverty is not my dream . I hope america falls faster than jp morgan regulates precious metal prices . Someone please bomb congress on the one day a year they're all together . Put a bullet in the manchurian head . Citizens with backbones should make the rules . 
Help me out , someone said that trying to change someone is a violent act . Who was it and who agrees ? 
Enter stage left : something different . 
Watching rent .. I like musicals . Meh 
Bowflex ultimate xtlu model for sale . Includes 410 pounds of resistance as well as lat bar and leg extension . Floor mat and squat bar in tow , to boot . 800usd or best offer . Will absolutely laugh rudely at lowballs . 1-501- 941-4571 
I've been warned of inadvertantly hurting people . Maybe they shouldn't inadvertantly piss me off . Pretty soon its going to be my agenda , or no agenda . God be damned if he stands in my way . 
Yep , I smoke weed . I don't do crack , I don't drink , I don't hit women , and I don't rob or kill people . I don't take anti-depressants and I don't take pain pills or muscle relaxers . Guess what , god says if it grows use it . That's a big get off my nuts to you bible thumpers . Fuck timber , bring on hemp . I'll be a veteran in the marijuana war . See you on the greener grass . 
Look up project venus and 3D printing :) 
Zeitgeist : Moving Forward . cool cool 
bowflex ultimate xtlu . $400 . take it off my hands before I put it in storage . 
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill , so I went to the spot where my homeboys chill . 
bout to go to work . dragtastic . 
Ladies and Gentleman , Tobacco Store in Cabot , across from Arvest , put in an order for some very nice waterpipes and all accessories . We also carry Posh , Kush Walker , and a few other legal herbs . Come on by and ask to see what we have ! 
workin , and thoroughly enjoying it haha . alfords tobacco in cabot , across from arvest . come see me before noon ! 
Posh makes my eyeballs dry . lol 
halfway done ! alfords tobacco in cabot , come see me before 8 ! 
