envrionment day tomoz :) 
Her diamonds fallin down ( 8 ) Maddest 2 days bro ! 
southy soon :) and Mandys tonight :D 
georgina is addicted to phone games 
TOMORROW NIGHT :D 
im at caitlins :D 
moving into front room ( Y ) southy tomoz :D 
' I'm Matt Damon " abbaahaha 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Georgia Greenwood !!!! Loveeyouuu babe :) 
drama soon :) 
charlotte is laughing for some random stoopid reason . uleh . 
is tired :( 
grrrr homework <.> 
TOMORROW NIGHT ( Y ) 
Caitlins partyyyyyyy tomoz night brudda :D cant wait :) 
Oh My God :O :( :D 
i want new zealand for christmas (: 
southy tomoz ! CREESTO ! 
going to c's party now :D 
bahaa lacrosse was funny as bro :) mandy , your jokes suck ! 
hhaha meatloaf : L 
FINALLY won a game of netball :D 
ooh home ec tomoz !! making chicken burgers :P 
seeing harry potter soon :) 
haha lol meatloaf ( Y ) 
tired :p 
cant wait for tomorrow night ( Y ) gonna be madd :D 
at caitlins still , man the facebook quizzes are ADDICTIVE !! 
My nose is yellow :D 
caitlinss partyy tonight !! 
footy tomorrow :) GO TIGES ! 
lmaaooo enviro day was mad !! lol jim has a front fringe !! 
netball sooon :) & Courtneys laterr 
sickk :( 
Haha , im awesomer !! 
H O C K E Y T O M O Z ! were gonna own , right chelt ?? 
had an awesome day (: 
School was terrible :P 
Fact : Chuck Norris doesn't consider it sex if the woman survives . 
' 10 electives :S 
back from netball (: 
SOUTHY TOMOZ ! cant wait for friday !! TEEEEAAAAM DEAN !!! 
envrio day :) ( Y ) 
yay ! home ec tomorrow :) is the fried rice good ?? 
haha nice jim " mauve " 
I'm not a stalker , I'm just curious . ( by the way , your out of milk ) 
caitiees tomoz :) 
seriously cant wait for tomorrow , its gonna bee maddddd !! 
okay , this is getting seriously out of hand guys !! 
Courtneys tomorrow night :D 
last night was AWESOME ! 
netball & courtneys soon (: 
" were not scared of spring , spring is scared of us " 
ew homework :S 
HBD JORDAN !!! lovee you , have a madd day :) 
no homeework bro ( H ) 
QUEENSLAND TOMORROW :D 
RIP PATRICK SWAYZE ( F ) 
wet & cold :( 
footy day tomorrow :D ( Y ) 
Courtneys coming overr sooooooon (: 
has noo idea what to do about it ! even though we punched on it :P 
Netball soon ! GO CHELT NORTH ! 
netball soon ish (: 
lmaoo georgia has grey pubes !! 
who wants to catch up tomorrow ? 
I WANTED THE SAINTS TO WIN !! ft courtney & caitlin 
hahaa operation hickeypants ;) 
happy fathers day (: 
Just got off the phone to BP :) 
hockey was maddd :) 
oh pants ! i left that medieval booklet @ school :s , anyone gonna be nice enough to scan it ?? 
ew school tomorrow :( at brissy airport 
Bell the cat ( 8 ) 
HBD COURTNEY FOR TOMORRROW ! 
tomorrow night is gonna be AWESOME ! 
Never made it as a wise man , couldn't cut it as a poor man stealin ' 
ONE MORE WEEK !!!! GAHHH ! 
You take it , you take it , you take it and i steal it away . ( 8 ) 
is watching Juno (: 
When I was a young boy , my father took me into the city , to see a marching band . 
mega shark vs giant octopus - sickest mooovieeee 
WHOSE GOING TO SOUNDWAVE ?? 
( T)Courtneyy 
and afterall , your my wonderwall (: 
grr ... maths test tomorrow 
I can feel a hot one takin me down , for a moment i could feel the force . 
at caitlins (: 
feeaaat courtney & laura 
drinking tea (: 
The IT Crowd ( Y ) 
at the airport (: going to queensland suckers ! :P 
Flight Of The Conchords ( L)(Y ) 
watching gossip girl . 
hybridddddddddddddddddd 
SUPER JUNIOR ARE FULLY SICKK !! 
if i fell in love with you , would you understand me dear ? 
( 8 ) We are all embers , from the same fire . 
Stop being ASS FACES and start realizing that you're all human !!!! 
im out ! peaaaace ! 
Georgia Greenwood , I LOVE YOU !! 
oh lord safety day was boring ! 
ONE MORE DAY TILL FREEDOM GUYS !!! GAHHHH ! 
haha drama was funny as !! 
5 gum is the greatest ! 
you have just been chicken-danced ! 
ZOMGDAA Im Guy Timms's neighbour on farmville/town or whatever its called :P 
FTT JESS & CEE 
Netball & Courtneys sooooon (: 
is at a fat cows house ( Y ) :P 
( T)Courtneyyyyyyyyy 
Looking for something crazy , beautiful nothin now im talking in circles again . 
is pumped for tomorrow night (: 
FTT CAITLIN & MANDY 
Georgia Greenwood (: 
Georgia Greenwood , Caitlin Ridgway , Laura Delpero - whose up for a scary movie night on halloween ?? 
didnt do math hw :S 
Hurry up weeekeenddddd 
( T ) Courtneeeeey 
Georgia Greenwood , okay chicky , so whats the story ?? 
had a really awesome night . 
Summer nightfalls with endless dreams .... 
Georgia Greenwood & Caitlin Ridgway , you guys are epiccccccccccc 
are they merging classes together tomoz ?? 
with courtney , happy halloween !! 
FT COURTNEY 
caitlins tonighttt :) 
the sims <3 __ <3 
Primary School Play :) 
" your a hot mess and I'm fallin ' for you " ( 8 ) 
( T ) Courtneyyyy . 2DAYS !! 
GO STORM ! 
had a fully sick weekend (: 
QUEENSLAND TOMORROW ! 
is on the phone to courtney :) 
damn , nowhere near a 7/11 :( 
wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy ; 
did vixia win last night ? 
jesus i love you mandy ! 
mmmmm .. apple crumble ( Y ) 
ewww home ec assignment :S 
ran through the sprinklers w/ Caitlin Ridgway . got drenched :P 
netball was roasting XP 
' can a man still reproduce with one testicle ? ' ' No , girls dont find that shit attractive ' 
at brissy airport- coming back to melbourne hoes (: 
You got a lot , a lot of nerve . Coming here . ( 8 ) 
last night was epic ! 
has tried the Facebook Trick ! Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter then right click Then press up & down and magic circles will appear ! lmfao ! To stop this - simply log out then back in again ! 
ewww english hw :S 
netball semis , georgias then courtneys laterr :) 
at zeee losers :) 
watching south parkk 
watching gossip girl (: 
1901 by Phoenix is one epic song ! Georgia Greenwood , i love you man :) 
man nickelback were good ( Y ) 
eating ice cream :) 
Georgia Greenwood , shazza the bogan . Classic . 
TOMORROW ! <3 
mad night with courtneyyy 
epic weekend + NICKELBACK TOMORROW ! 
lunch with Dana Hope soooooon :) 
this weekend should be epic ! 
FEMALE APES GET PERIODS !!! 
oh well , thats just brill , everyone at any school BUT chelt already knows what their electives aree . grrr .... 
on zee phone to ms courtney ! 
my happiness , is slowly creepin back 
at courtneys :) NICKELBACK WAS EPICCCC ! 
WITH Caitlin Ridgway , Georgia Greenwood & Courtney Baker & Charlotte Ayres 
had an epic night ( Y ) 
tomorrow will be fully sick , Georgia Greenwood , Caitlin Ridgway , Meral Gagali & Courtney (: 
Wrote a song about your eyes , ate a slice of cherry pie . I cried all night . 
loving the group called " Yes . You are orange . And no . It does not look natural . " 
LOL @the single ladies guy ! 
Queensland in January :) 
awesome night ( Y ) 
home now :) 
poker faaaaaaaaaceeeeeeeeeeee 
southy tomoz :) 
eeeeeep ! semester test :s 
ew homework 
Caitlin Ridgway's tomorrow with Georgia Greenwood :) 
is enjoying the fact that teachers just dont care anymore :) 
weeeeeeeeeeekendd :) should be pretty good :) 
TOMORROW ! ( Y ) 
does anybody understand trig ? :/ 
Lol , that kareoke was hilarious !!! hahhah !! 
my sister is throwing malteasers at me . how sad . 
gosh its warm ! 
i hate that song ' watcha say ' , its like wannbe gangsta rnb crap 
cheezles :D 
supernatural ( Y ) 
paranormal activity is not scary . at all . 
TOMORROW WILL BE EPIC ! 
watching gossip girl :D 
goin to wills :) featuring loser =P 
should probs do hw 
Playing Sims :) 
Tomorrow w/ Georgia Greenwood , Courtney Baker & Caitlin Ridgway , should be very epic ! 
change your language to ' English ( Pirate )' , and instead of friends its ' Me Hearties ' 
( T ) Courtneyyy 
Caitlin Ridgway - hey man , are you on msn ? 
VAMPIRE WEEKEND !!!!! 
needs to beat brodie in race for the most ipod songs , need 80 more , any ideas ? 
with georgia & caitlin , they're gay . well only caitlin . Georgia's cool ( H ) 
yes caitlin , i have grown a beard to my ankles . 
STILL with caitlin , courtney & georgiaaaa :) 
back from courtneys - tired as hell ! NO SCHOOL ! 
lmaoo " 5 bucks " :P 
just overloaded caitlin with doof doof . she likes it ;) 
FINALLY getting a free slurpeee :) 
OMG , caitlin has Dizzee Rascal in her itunes ! Im shocked ! the rest is that bloody rnb disney crap she listens to ! 
sock wrestling ! 
ft dana :) going to caitlins with georgia soon :D 
playing sims ( Y ) 
haha , bailed on the beach for georgias and pooled it ! sisters graduation sooon ! 
FTT COURTNEY ! 
All We Are - OneRepublic 
on the phone to that ' super cool ' kid courtney :| 
on zee phone to Courtney :) 
watching hp 6 ; :) 
epic water fight @ lunch today ( Y ) 
wants mum to wake up so she can take me to georgias ! 
NO school tomorrow :D 
chelt peeps , what electives have we got ? 
chillliiiiinnnnnnn with cbakeerr :) 
zoo & city was madd ( Y ) ftt dana 
georgias was maddd ( Y ) 
Georgia Greenwood's soon , with Caitlin Ridgway :D 
Courtney Baker's a faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaag , I <3 Georgia Greenwood !!! 
calvin harris + DJ tiesto = pure genius 
back from sisters graduation :) southy tomoz ? 
FTT Danaaa :) 
with Georgia Greenwood , Caitlin Ridgway & Courtney Baker :) 
RIP Britney Murphy :( 
is everyone going to mordy carols ? 
presentation night was so fun that i left . early . 
gee has balls on her chinichinchin 
omg , this week is going sooo slowly ! 
with georgia greenwood ! 
FFtT DANAAA 
LOL James Hickey is in fact a Muslim . HAHAHAHHAHHAHAHA !! 
tonight(Y ) 
mordi carols tomoz ! tonight was madd ( Y ) 
tomorrow , will be epic . this weekend was too :) 
In December drinking Horchata , I look psychotic in a balaclava ( 8 ) 
now , why on earth would you call a dog nessie ? 
Georgias soon , then carols later :) 
merry christmas guys , have a good one x :) 
Jimmy Hickey - dude were meeting at the gold statues @ 2.30 :) 
with courtney & georgia , mordi carols soon :) 
WHATEVS MINGAAAAAAA ! :P 
AVATAR IS SOOOOOOOO GOOD ! i wanna be a blue person now :) 
why dont people just listen to what you have to say ; 
chillin with courtney & georgia :) 
my sister is having what she likes to call ' a santa seizure ' . it involves her making noises that sound a but like a whale on crack . 
thank god for dvds ! 
omg , my mum is playing these really crappy rap 80's christmas carols :| 
wow , its really christmas . 
somebody please tell courtney that oompa-loompas are NOT PURPLE ! 
i think im hooked on fishville :| 
at georgias :) 
BEACHING IT WITH CAITLIN DANA AND GEORGIA SOOON :) 
me & georgia are still awake :) 
say avatar again :) it really doesnt feel like christmas . 
is on zee phone to Courtney :) 
seeing avatar soon :) 
Caitlin Ridgway & Georgia Greenwood , wanna catchup today ? 
" thats what she said " 
STILL with caitlin , unfortunately :) caitlin says : pwah ! 
ahh being home alone 
swimming in PE tomoz ( Y ) 
got a snuggie for christmas :| thanks grandma ! 
still with caitlin ! :P going to courtneys soon ! :P 
grounded for a fucking week ! 
did you have to wake me up at 7 mum ? yes i know its christmas , but we have all day ! 
3OH ! 3 
gahh ! love the lightning :) 
back from courtneys ! lost my camera and my ipod in the last 2 days !! haha :P 
friday night will be WICKED 
lets make 2010 as friggin epic as possible guys :) 
whose going to mordi carols tomozz ? 
happy new year ! have a good one everyone :) 
chaddy soon :) 
mordi beach ! 
ftt caitlin , just saw jesus 
mordi beach tomoz ! 
dana is playing solataire :| how gay ? :P 
beachin it tomoz ! 
plans for new years ? 
gahhh ! new years ! :) my favourite time of year ;) 
I HATE THE SONG FIREFLIES WITH A PASSIOn ! 
courtneys soooon :) 
doesnt want miss fisher for health :( 
JUST GOT EGGED ! with Georgia & Caitlin 
putting up christmas tree :D 
ughhh , hangoverr :S happy new year guys ! 
talking to courtney ! :) 
share the good and bad memories you and i had in 2009 . Post this as your status and see what people say ... 
2010 will be EPIC guys ! happy new years ! :D 
LMAOO sticky hands :P 
HAMISH & ANDY ! 
watching gossip girl ( still ! ) :) 
bacck from mordi ! :) 
fucking tripped out day with shaz ( georgia ) :P . fell asleep in the dentists chair ! 
queensland on thursday ! 
chadddy tomoz :) 
ooh ooh facebbok is so fun !! 
packing for queensland ( H ) 
ughhhhh just woke up ! :S 
with georgia :) southy soon ! 
just got wedgied , wet-willied and tickled by Georgia Greenwood & Courtney Baker :| 
( T ) Courtneyy bro :) 
got electives friday , had an epic night with gg & caitlin , saw new moon yesterday and will be going to courtneys soon :) 
with caitlin & georgia :| hahahha :P 
" i squirted in mid-air " " thats what she said " 
Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer ! ? ( 93% of fb users will not copy & paste this ) .... if you know someone who had cancer or fighting cancer please paste this to your status .. 
has school tomorrow - ew :s 
with courtney ! sherlock holmes yay !!!! got lost in chaddy ! WOOOOO ! :P 
ftt that really ' cool ' kid caitlin :| 
how are all you in melbourne coping with the heat ? 
ftt caitlin :) shes gay ! 
caitlin never watched art attack !!!!!!!! :O 
on the phone to the gimp again ! 
merry christmas :) 
courtney is trying to hypnotise me :S 
queensland on thursday ! havent slept in 37 hours :S 
SHAZ & FLERGZ MAAAATE ! 
err . dont feel good :( 
going to the city now ! happy new years guys :) 
caitlins soooooooon :) 
on the phone to that gimp ! 
GAAAAAAAHHHHH ! ONEE MOREEE DAYY !! 
are all my friends albino ? :| haha 
BEAACHHHIN IT in queensland mateey ( Y ) 
chillin with caitlin & georgia soon :) 
oh my god , its like the end of 09 ! 
internet cafe maaate ( Y ) 
FTT GEORGIA ! 
Caitlin Ridgway , Courtney Baker & Georgia Greenwood I NEED TO TALK TO ONE OF YOU GUYS IMMEDIATELY !!!!! 
with courtney :| talking about haggis ! chaddy soooooon :) 
ftt georgia ! :) 
back home now :) 
anyone still up ? 
dr pepper ( Y ) 
with georgia greenwood matey ! :D 
fell in love without you - motion city soundtrack ( 8 ) <3 
when i was your age , vampires sucked blood not cock . 
at caitlins mate ! 
with georgia and caitlin ! ( Y ) 
Georgina : carl nichols you are a cool codfish Carl : thanks i think 
well i guess life goes on , life sucks then you die blah blah etc etc . but as much as i hate to admit , im still gonna miss you . 
tennis is soooo gay 
OMG GUYS Caitlin Ridgway , DOESNT KNOW WHAT SLAMBALL IS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :O 
queenslaND tomorrow mufugahhhhhh ! :) 
with caitlin , unfortunately :| soon with georgia ! ( still unfortunate :| ) 
ew , buffy-thon tonight . save me . D: 
australia day maate ! with georgia & caitlin ;; 
England To Win The World Cup , i must agree with and applaud the genius who created this group . 
Simon Ferns , you have the coolest cat in the world . 
i have lost all respect for 3OH ! 3 after hearing their song with ke$ha . 
look what you've done , you've made a fool of everyone . 
georgias then mordi ! 
with georgia & caitlin :) 
with georgia & caitlin , god they can sleep . :| 
I want you to know , with everything i wont let this go . 
do you know whats worth fighting for , when its not worth dying for ? 
apple bottom jeans , boots with the fur ( 8 ) ;D 
i dont remember you lookin any better , but then again i dont remember you , <3 
any chelt year 9s in enx 095 ? 
yes we all know school is soon , now stop posting statuses about it . 
why do instant noodle packets have so much flavour in them but you only use a little bit of the flavour ? 
lmaoo ' the headbaning game ' in LF :P 
beaachin it tomorrow ! 
watching gossip girl <3 
" i was bullimic " " you could read minds ? " 
National Tell A Grade 8 To Shut Up Day - i will do gladly :) 
phoenix ( 8 ) 
do not understand how my sister is so obsessed with NCIS , ive never watched it but still how can she be SO obsessed ? 
who is just so not-pumped for school tomorrow ? 
THREE MORE DAYS TILL FREEDOM !! 
i walk a lonely road , <3 
wish ' because im georgina ayres ' sounded as cool as ' because im chuck bass ' 
if avatar doesnt win just about every oscar award there is , there is something very wrong with the world . 
haha beddoes got a bottom locker and i got a top ! :P 
No One Likes A Muzztech , So Please Take Your VL Turbo Else Where Bro - LOL 
with caitlin , jumping on the bed :D 
harry potter owns twilight anyday ! 
i hate the biggest loser . 
with those super ' cool ' kids :| 
Georgia Greenwood <3 
with caitlin , the cool one :| 
" dude , that makes you my grandma " " i look good for my age " 
sooooooo didnt break the toilet in the school bathroom ! :| 
the yeah yeah yeahs mufugaaaaaaaaaaaah . 
FT JESS & CEE 
Jemima Mogueis PUPMED to see you saturday !!! :D 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? shovel ? ! 
and baby my snake is a shark tonight . 
thanks to a failed double shimmy with Georgia Greenwood , my lip is the size of china ! 
Georgia Greenwood's comng overrr :D 
with georgia and caitlin , my lip is swollen from that fateful game of singstar :| 
blues brothers - sickest movie . 
i . hate . laptops . D: 
the yeah yeah yeahs mufugaaaaaaah . 
with georgia , caitlin and danaaa ! 
facebook needs a ' that is such a gay post , i hate you and i want to punch you very hard in the nose ' button . 
ive listened to a song 536 times after having it for 2 days :| ! 
hate when you like someones status , then 700 people comment it and you get all these annoying notifications . 
Roy : Nice Glasses . Moss : Not as Nice as YOUR MUMMAS glasses ! LOVE the IT CROWD ! 
i fell in love at the seaside , <3 
storm tomorrrrrowwwwwwwww ! love storms , they are THE best weather . 
Caitlin Ridgway - you are a faggot :D 
who thinks we should play slamball for PE at school ? 
i miss you Ashleigh Haw <3 
ahh , life sucks then you die . 
dear life , suck my dick . 
never tear us apart - INXS <3 
what on earth possessed me to give myself a bright red streak ? 
georgia greenwood is th4 cooolesyt yhid omgh yhe oeworld i lov her so much i wanyt t to fuck her so bad yum yum reowwwwww we aew having so much fun and we are not drinking 
i love watermelon , but i hate watermelon juice ? 
MOST boring day of school EVER 
jesus of suburbia ( L ) ( 8 ) 
lmaoo at officeworks with caitlin hahaa :P 
i salute the genius that came up with the ' fuck it ' attitude 
McLovin ( Y ) 
with GEORGIA GREENWOOD :D 
RIP ALEXANDER MCQUEEN ! 
who says i cant get stoned ? 
I would love to see all my classmates when we're 30 , LOLL . 
with Georgia Greenwood that awesome bitchfucker . checkout ourr new photos hey ;) 
boom . 
haha , i know how to just get status updates on the new facebook :) 
Jemima Mogueis , my valentine ? <3 
swimming day mufuhgaaaaaah . 
why do all good things come to an end ? 
Albi the racist dragon ( Y ) 
To a teacher : ' Talk about the road kill squirrel you saw on your way to school . Say that it is your dinner . Talk in a redneck voice ' 
these words are my heart and soul , i hold onto this moment you know , cause i leave my heart out to show , that i wont let go . <3 
percy jackson is the worst movie ever ! with jemima the cool kid ! georgina smells like feet . <3 
Caitlin Ridgway & Georgia Greenwood - we catching up on tues ?? 
OMG !!! I HAVE REACHED THE LIMIT OF THINGS I CAN BECOME A FAN OF D: !!! 
i hate it when people i just dont want to talk to talk to me on IM . 
duuuude , found myself the sickest doppelganger 8 ) 
georgia greenwood , i love you ! 
Dana Hope HAS A THING FOR BUSHY EYEBROWS :| 
caitlin is watching sesame street like a mad bitch . :P 
my stupid mutt is snoring really loudly on the end of my bed :| 
jerry thingy : Georgina Ayres whos known to be a bit wild & never seems to shut up . Always causing a but of a stir with Caitlin Ridgway ! :O :O :O 
i wanna high 5 the guy that chooses the music on gossip girl . 
yo bitcheewssss ! syck my pebisss ! its hute for you !!! 
georgia is tickling me :| 
wish i could go back and take that oppurtunity i let pass me by , 
year 7s are really gay . 
james hickey , you just made my day (: 
back from courtneys :) , NICKELBACK WERE MADD ! 
been told i look like david beckham ? :P haha 
DONT want to go back to school D: ! 
hpehorgoiha ; m ~ !!!!!!!!!!!! i ; objebiyopuz11 
ahhhhhhhhhh ! science test 
1 Year on , We Remeber those Whom Ran From It , And those Whom Have fallen , The Ones We Loved And Cherrished , 1 Year on we Remeber those Brave Souls Who fought it 1 Year on we've rebuilt 1 Year on We've Changed , 1 Year on , Victoria Worst Natural Disaster ... 1 Year on , We Remember ..... 7/2/09 black saturday copy and paste this if u care R.I.P ? 
? - omg man ! just found out how to do music notes :O ! 
ahha , you fucking idiot , i have heard much much worse things about me from people i give a fuck about . incidently you are not someone i give a fuck about . and what you said doesnt affect me in the least . 
she said " boy your crazy " , " nah im shawyzeeee " 
how racist is gossip girl , there arent any rangas !? :O 
sickkk D: 
lmaaao , poke war with Zoraya Gray ! 
watching gossip girl ! <3 
i heard a rumour that you're an idiot , any truth in that ? 
Caitlin Ridgway , my mum decided on a punishment . SHES MAKING ME GET FIT D: 
im just a teenage dirtbag baby :D 
waynes world ( Y ) 
OMG SKINS NOVEL ! 
true or false , it may be , shes still out to get me . 
ahhh no school and flight of the conchords , what more could you want ? 
caitlin ridgway , your a gimp (: 
year 8s are so gaaaaay . 
i hate mondays :| 
does anyone know when Daniel Stonehouse gets back from queensland ? 
and damn you look good and i'm drunk . ( 8 ) 
1901 by Phoenix , is a madd song 
293 things to do in class when you are bored - LOL ! 
my happiness , is slowly creeping back :) 
ehhh , nine is not a great movie :| 
Georgia Greenwood : " I dunno man , where's Malaria " :| 
like this is you think georgia greenwood is a retard . 
Casual Day ( Y ) 
jack johnsons such a mad bitchhh <3 
NOOOO ! just go the new facebook D: 
if nothing is forever , then what makes love the exception ? 
at danas :) paranormal activity is not scary mandy , grow a pair . 
" Georgia Greenwood , Georgia Greenwood , Swedish Girls , ................. NIPPLE TASSLES ? " 
wtf . mentone grammar learns binary numbers ?! ahah !! 
watching gossip girl :) 
cant there just be one day when nothing goes wrong ? 
sitting , wishing , waitingggg ;; <3 
with courtneyyy ; haha :) 
georgia greenwood , wow is she cool . 
VAMPIRE WEEKEND :D ? 
simming day was epid maate ! with georgia and caitlin :D 
god , you just had to screw up everything with my friends , THEN you threw family & BOYS into the mix D: ! 
motherfuckeeerrrrrr (: 
Georgia Greenwood " put it in the bath , then it will be a sinking thing . and i hate those flying things that hit me in the head some times " 
FT CAITLIN COURTNEY & GEORGIA 
emma mitchems party soooon ! 
with georgia greenwood biaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatch (: 
good songs ? 
sofa song ( Y ) 
instant noodles are my saviour ; 
get over yourself , nobody likes you ! 
too hot :| 
The guy who did this to his sister LOLOLOLOL 
got chucks signed by Yves Klein Blue and stomach signed by I Explode Like :) 
" quick ! hide the Ningbo !!! " 
ahah , just woke up :S 
lolllllllllll , got stuck in the city traffic , was wading to get to the car haha (: 
Today is the International Day for the Fight Against Cancer ... In memory of those who lost the battle against cancer , and those who continue fighting . I pray for a cure . 92% of you won't copy & paste this text to their Facebook profile status , will you ? I DID , for those I love . Proud to be part of the 8% . . . :( 
that song ' hey soul sister ' is suchhhhhhhh a rip-off of ' where is the love ' by bep :| what gimps . 
stood outside in the pouring cold rain for half an hour waiting for kisschasy ! but man it was worth it (: 
Georgia Greenwood , so when are we getting these matching wellies/gumboots ? 
withhhh georgiaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! 
face it , some fake internet psychic isnt going to tell you what will happen to you tomorrow , stupid girl ! 
with georgia , emmas was mad ! found an injured possum and named it t-pain (: 
with georgia , PUSHOVER ! 
seriously ? grow a pair , build a bridge . GET OVER IT ! 
hate the ' its your responsibility ' talk from mum :| 
ew school 
Caitlin Ridgway reckons all rugby players are from new zealand :| 
dana : i fucking hate georgina she deleted my free movie voucher from my e mail now i dont get a freen fucking movie tomorrow !! fuck her !!!!! :| 
sweet disposition , <3 
For all the people that have lost someone special . Post this if you are someone that would care . 
gotta love the disney soundtrack 8 ) <3 
any ideas for me and caitlins superhero costumes ? were being the Ambiguiously Gay Duo :D 
i fucking love juno , <3 :) 
sweeeeeeeeeet dispositoooooon :) 
i wanna be forever young ? <3 
jemima mogueis , you crack me up . 
beach with georgia soon :) 
all the crazy shit i did tonight , that would be the best memories . 
just stuck a moustache on dana's huge poster of taylor lautner :D haha , cant wait til she spots it 8 ) 
geeeorgiaa greenwood and caitlin riddgwaaay are the bessst ! :) I LOVE THEM , I WORSHIP THEM , they are just so goddamn awesome :) 
with georgia , sadly . 
with georgiaa , going to mordi beachhh ciaoo ! x 
chilllllllllllllin (: 
blender - the pretty reckless ( 8 ) 
great youtube fest with charlie and bennnnnnnnnnn (: 
dear math , suck my dick . 
my breath fogged up the glass , so i drew a new face and i laaa-aa-aghed :) 
good songs ? :| 
if you dont love the kooks , there is something very wrong with you . 
shit day . 
playing sims (: 
cape SKANK was boringgggg 
its something unpredictable , but in the end its right . 
this beat is my recital , i think its very vital to rock a rhyme thats right on time and tricky is the title :) 
hate when parentals steal the tv :| 
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=minger :D 
going to the beachhhhhh 
man , i could have so much fun with google translator 8 ) 
why are there so many statuses about math ? 
ftt caitlin (: gonna go watch gossip girl ! ciao ciao !! 
good movies ? 
and i elongated my lift home . 
my name is st jimmy , im a son of a gun 
RIP T-PAIN ! you were a great possum :'( 
going to look at a house , maan i dont wanna move :( 
party ideas ? 
JIMMY RECARD ! 
SUPERNATURAL ! 
horchataa by vampire weekend ! <3 
the kooks cover of mgmt's song kids , is awesome . 
im sorry guys , but st kilda ARE NOT GOING TO WIN THIS YEAR :D 
the alice in wonderland soundtrack is awesome 
seeing avatar ( again ) soon ! with georgia :) 
" here is some vampire weekend for your poor indie deprived itunes " 
whose seeing avatar tomorrow ? im confused :S 
loving you is cherry pie . 
Jimmy Hickey ????????????, ??? ???? ?? ????????? ????? 
wish melbourne would make its mind up on the weather ! 
she wont forsake me , im loving angels insteaad <3 
tomorrow , when the war began 
interweb cafeee mate ! 
who has my vampire weekend cd ? :| 
parents quite obviously favour the younger sibling . 
I LOVE JIMMY ! 
faaark ! cant sleeep ( N ) 
school on monday ( N ) :| with georgia & courtney maate ! 
with danaaaaaaa ! ew beach hair :| 
awesome party ideas .. ? 
duude ! its like yellow outside ! 
withhhh georgiaaa ! Mordi was madd 8 ) 
is it actually legal for teachers to give homework on the first day ? 
In such an ugly way , something so beautiful .... 
sometimes you have to close doors that hurt so much to close , but they hurt more to keep open . 
with georgiaa ! 
Jimmy Hickey , you are douche :) 
year nine is soooooooooooooooo boring :| 
Resisting the urge to say ' cool story , bro ' when someone is trying to talk to you . 
Red hot chilli peppers <3 
Off to Italy , see all you cunts in three weeks x0x0 
Italians throw shit rave parties . 
DIE FUCKING ANTWOORD 
So glad for salt and vinegar chips ! 
Someone make me coffee 
With the birds I'll share this lonely view <3 
skins <3 
You free your mind in your androgyny . 
wooo birthday tomorrow :D 
je t'aime . 
I swear the Simpson's people got the background music for Apu's level on Hit and Run from The Beatles . 
john mayer <3 
if you were the melody , then i would be the songg <3 
Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds 
withhhhhh caitlin :D <3 
watching borat 
the second i can , i am going to glastonbury festival 
really love the acoustic version of boulevard of broken dreams :) 
flightt of the conchordss ! 
la vie boheme ? 
Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band . <3 
and i JIZZED in my pants 8 ) 
georgia has eight chins :D 
does superman have knuckle-dusters ? hmmmm ........ 
lets get these teen hearts beating faster , faster 
AND WE DONT CARE ABOUT THE YOUNG FOLKS <3 
http://www.formspring.me/G33minger - ask me shittt hahaha 
COLDPLAY ! <3 
laura delpero <3 
OMG YES Bring Splendour to Victoria !!!!!!!!!!!! 
your funny :) 
i tried to give you up , but im addicted - muse ? 
OKAY , ENOUGH WITH THE TURBAN GROUPS 
Lady Gaga , you never cease to amaze me . <3 
oh , everybodys starry eyedd <3 ? 
Remembering Sunday <3 
Oh man I miss year seven <3 
do tvs need plugging ini ? 
And I wake up in the morning with the taste of your tongue 
colt 45 and two zigzags and baby thats all we need .... 
good good times around the benddd , ill stay foreverrr ? <3 
she licked me like a lollipop ;) 
" A penis has a sad life . His hair is a mess , his family is nuts , his 
neighbour is an asshole , his bestfriend is a pussy and his owner beats 
him . " 
situations , are irrelevant now . 
wise words georgia : grade sixers these days are like eleven year old prostitutes . 
kisschasy . ? 
LIKE THIS IF YOU THINK MUSE IS AWESOME 
Dying hair ! 
idsfhielbvjduKJ ! bloody hate packing :| 
i want to lick out georgia greenwood , alex turkentine , eliza birch and caitlin ridgway because they make me horny 
Back to melbourne tomorrow :D 
its funny how stuckup you are 
with Georgia Greenwood and msning Jason Bretag :D 
off to some stupid info night :| 
" would you walk a little faster ? " said the whiting to the snail ? 
the beatles , <3 
" three words , eight letters , say it and im yours " " i am horny " 
just performed my wonderful rendition of Fergie's ' be italian ' to my sister 8 ) she was delighted :D youtube the song , its hilarious , fergies actually trying to be sexy 
West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum <3 
all nighters are just le best ! :D 
watching jimmy play footy tomorrow 8 ) haha 
with georgia greenwood , soo tripped out (: 
gahhhh miss you melbourne gimps , queensland is boringggggg 
georgias mum is related to barrack obama 8 ) 
would it be okay , if i took your breath away <3 
queensland tomorrow ! 
hate it when your phone vibrates and scares the shit out of you 
I miss you so much it's crazy . 
OMG Alex Turkentine I FOUND TICKETS FOR JUSTIN BIEBER HAHHAHAHH !! GET THAT MOULDY CHEESE READY ! 
PARLEZ VOUS FRANCAIS 
Woo purple beach hair :| 
you used to do it in your fishnets , now you only get it in your nightdress . 
school is shit . 
at brisvegas airport :) 
bloody love the movie borat ! chilllin in georgias crib :D 
mothers/fathers/valentines days are all fucking pointless 
with georgia greenwood ! :D 
Tim Burton , Johnny Depp and Helena Bonham Carter are actually gods . 
hmmm , school tomorrow or stay home and get my ears done ? tough choice .... :| 
I will never understand why teenage boys purposely project themselves into concrete walls 
sitting in a queenslandian maccas , sipping a frozen coke watching some hot guys , with free internet ? mmmmmmm lifes goooooood 
whose still uppppp ? 
the fresh prince of bel-air . 
alex caitlin and georgia are all fast asleep :| 
Georgia Greenwood : so theyve seen each others fanny flaps ? XD 
Look at my new pic :D and comment ! It's so friggen sexy ! 
IM A MUD FUKA YOOOOOOOOO ' HOLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAA BREEEEEEEEEEEEW 
year sevens make me sick 
fuckkk , im not doing that homework hahah 
chillin today :) 
you know what ? fuck you . 
hahaaha rayks party was preetty good :) withh georgia ! 
good weekend , id say 
georgia greenwood , just put plastic in the microwave :| 
OMG OMG OMG Alex Turkentine , Georgia Greenwood !!!! POTATO IS NUMBER ONE ON THE ITUNES CHART HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAH 
musseeeeee <3 
having ridiculous conversations makes my day <3 
General Pants Co ., best shop , fucking oath 
withh danarooney in a queenslandian maccas . 
wooooo thunderstorm <3 
i actually like 7.7 more than 1.9 now D: 
georgina ayres , your an idiot :| 
if you dont wanna be my best friend , then why am i still in ya bed ? ;) 
Yay ! Another overrated tourist attraction :/ 
should probs study for that math test tomorrow , that ive skipped three times already :| 
Passion pit are quite a bril band (: 
People need to understand that children with special needs are not sick . They are not searching for a cure , just acceptance . This week is for special needs education . 93% of people will not copy and paste this . Will you be part of the 7% that will and will you leave it on your wall for at least an hour ? 
with georgia greenwood , that awesome bitchhhh , 
Don't you hate it when your train breaks down and Demetors come to suck your soul ? 
THE KOOKS SHOULD COME TO AUSTRALIA !!!!!!! 
interviews were good , 
the vines are awesome 
went for a maccas run at 5am , just got home . with aleeex , georgiia and caitlinnnnnn . 
whered all the good people go ? 
kates party's gonna be da bomb ! :D 
alex is making something involving a blender :| im scaredd 
thanks for the birthday messages and shitt guys :) been a great daay 
http://www.formspring.me/G33minger ! 
The Bravery is actually the greatest band ever <3 
me : why didnt you put any salt in them ? @charlotte ayres : cuz dad told me only scottish people put salt in their pancakes , so i didnt . HAHAHAAH ! 
DANA IS GOD !!!!!!!! 
turns out the guy who sings ' ice ice baby ' , was actually serious . i just lost all faith in humanity . 
Just doing some interpretive dance with my sister . You know pre normal stuff . 
i used to rule the world . 
still have purple hair hahaha :) soon to be with aleeeeeex ! 
wish you didnt live so fucking far away 
gnw ! 
caan you dancee like you fuck , can you fuck just like you dance ? 
30 SECONDS TO MARS ? 
icedd coffee <3 
the travis barker version of soulja is off the hooooooook 
last night i fell in love without you ? <3 
well that was a fail at sleeping :| 
jason derulo is a talentless idiot . 
you had me at hello ? 
i think those msn pedos are funny , especially when you say your name is olga and you have 16 kids :P 
georgia greenwood is the fucking shhhiittt ( Y ) 
your my wonderwall 
bloc party , is the sickest . 
ft georgiaaa :D 
JSUT SAW THE BARKING NEWS GUY , HAHAHAHAHHA 
withh georgiagreenwood ! 
i need this whole train to breaakdown 
would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
tonight , we'll RAISE THE DEAD . 
i could be your pornstar , we could leave the lights on . 
ENOUGH WITH THE FUCKING STORM STATUSES , WE ALL KNOW THERES A STORM , GET OVER IT !!! :) 
okaay , this rating shit is getting annoying ! 
that boy is a monster , 
ronnie radkes new band is shit :'( 
" Everything you could ever want from an evening . Songs , choir girls , colourful costumes , fellatio ... rabbits . " 
love it when you find awesome songs that you loved ages ago 
mini golf - it's serious business 
baaack from jims :) with georgiaagreenwood ! 
I sound like a rhino , oh and I just lost the game :D 
i would actually kill for a ticket to splendour in the grass 2010 , sigh :( 
Georgia Greenwood : six foot is not tall ! seven foot and im impressed ! 
withh georgiaa and caitlin ! 
HOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE :D 
Woo purple hair 8 ) 
i might skin my drama teacher . while shes still alive . 
georgina : wow jim and ashleas birthdays are quite close together georgia : maybe his parents have an annual lovemaking week ... jim : thanks great mental picture now 
salt n pepaa ! <3 
its my birthday !! fuck im finally 14 :| hahah 
I LOVE BOY BANDS ! THEIR SO FUNNY ! 
phoenix ? 
woo , no school 8 ) 
the sims <3 
ahhhh shitt alex has actually gotten me into screamo :| hahaha 
vampire weekend was amazing <3 
put this as your status if you know 
someonewho is a Collingwood supporter . Collingwood supporters affect 
the livesof many . There is no known cure for Collingwood supporters 
also knownas Collingwooditis but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy 
andpastethis , but we can just live in hope that one day , the world will 
be freeof this terrible disorder 
if i could fall into the sky , do you think time would pass me by ? ? 
gotta love chilllllin 
motherfucker . 
like this status and i wont inbox my thoughts of you , because i have better things to do 
holy fuckk , these mean formspring things are actually getting boring . 
kick-ass is fucking awesome 
I've got five fingers on each hand for every mistake that I've made . 
justin bieber should get a belly piercing , they look really good on chicks like her 
my younger sister is taller than me , i may eat my hand off 
gahh cant believe i used up all that mental capacity and wit on a dick like you :| 
withh georgiaaaagreenwood 
My life would be complete if all the dead Beatles came back to life and I married John Lennon and Ezra Koenig . 
fuckkkkkkkking pumped for the weekend 
i cant fly , but i can kick your ass 
i'll be there just to watch you fall . 
shut the fuck up about glee , i dont care if its back or not ! 
damn you mrs harding !!! 
gahhhhh netball , then georgias , then rayks party :) 
bounce , like yo ass got the hicccuuuppppps 
http://www.formspring.me/Geeminger 
EVERYBODY I KNOW , GO TO MAY DAY . TOMORROW ! cheers 
fuckkkkkkyouuuuuuuu ! :D 
no , flashing internet advertisment , i dont want 12 free viagra pills :| 
andy samberg is actually the love of my life <3 
blues brothers !!! <3 
WHOS ORGANISING THE STRIPPER FOR KATES PARTY ? 
my grandad now has facebook , oh the joy ! 
lil wayneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee <3 
being sick is the bomb :| 
dont it always seem to go , that you dont know watcha got til its gone . 
fuckkkkk elizas party went offfffff ! hahah fuckinnn drained now thoughh ! 
michael cera <3<3<3<3<3<3 
Please put this on your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on the Death Star . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is aband of terrorist scum . The Empire wants only to bring peace to thegalaxy but these rebels continue to kill our brave boys in white ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour . 
with georgiaaagreenwood ! who has more photos from elizaas ? :) 
LOL at the human centipede groups (: 
new phone , need numbers ? 
THE FILTHY YOUTH . 
having superpowers , would be so cool 
marriage is a punishment for shoplifting in some countries . 
mmmmmmmmmmmmm slurpee <3 
watching the simpsons in russian 
ghostbusters ! 
fuck you facebook uploader ! :| 
Lobster 
i will fucking stab the next person who decides to count to 20000 
perhaps fuck off , might be too kind . 
Charlotte Ayres " like i dont know where this kid is , he's been missing for months ! " Me " well maybe , HE HAS LEPROSY , never thought of that didya ? so inconsiderate ! " 
lil jon is a total tryhard lil wayne , just give up lil jon , give up . 
OMG DID NICK JONAS GET RAPED ? 
Eliza Birch - We have a chop sockarian here , so we'll be safe no matter what . And if anyone tries to mess with us , I'll mind fuck them . LOL <3 
Why are hamish and andy wearing shorts in Ireland ? 
bitchy formsprings reaaaaally make my night . like seriously . 
Cutting off your scrotum and wearing it as a hat - cuz i do that alllllllllllllll the time ! :| 
cant find a skinsganger :( 
If there's one thing I hate , it's unpunctual alien attacks . 
your just jealous cause i sound like a rockstar 
Nothing will ever top the juno soundtrack . 
ITALY 2011 ! 
who else has tumblr ? 
Save Tonight <3 
The Argentinean Lake Duck has the longest penis of all vertebrae , at 40 cm . When fully erect , it is the size of the duck itself . 
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist <3 
i HATE over 18s gigs . 
So , what happens when you can't count on the one person you relied on ? 
wow , everything really does suck right now . 
FUCK YOU SKINS WRITERS !!!! : @ : @ : @ : @ : @ 
pumped for tomorrow ! 
Interesting day .... 
the world is such a cruel place 
Herbal tea + incense + The Beatles = Happiness <3 
I fucking hope the bravery doesnt become all mainstream and shitty and worshipped by teenage girls purely because their on the Eclipse Soundtrack :| 
acoustic stuffff <3 
" To the untrained eye , Andy is still asleep , but to the trained eye , he is ready for his first bagpipe concert " 
If Danny Devito was one inch shorter he'd be legally classified as a midget . 
I like to give rimjobs , it's fun when my mouth becomes brown and runny around it . Especially when they have dihorea . Yum ;D 
worst holidays . 
Dana Hope just put her fucking glitter on my face :| 
i hate you life , go suck a dick . D: 
My Apocalypse , <3 
vampire weekend , fuck their amazing . 
HOLY SHIT ! FLORENCE AND THE MACHINES VERSION HALO SMASHES BEYONCES ! ITS AMAZING <3 
Georgia Greenwood : " Orgasmo Uterus ! " * waves wand * 
at Eliza Birch's with Georgia Greenwood . 
I hate small children . 
TOO MANY DICKS ON THE DANCEFLOOR 
withh georgiaa ! THE FRSH PRINCE OF BEL-AIR ! 
Don't like the looks of that bloke cookin my burger 
gotta love failing tests :D 
Like a rich skank filled up like a sperm bank . Where I always go whiskey's on the rock while your sister's on my mouth . 
IM A WOBBLE :D !!!! 
" I'm down to my emergency pants " - Skins <3 
Happiness hit her like a train on a track 
you know what ? fuck you , fuck your family , fuck your fucking dog , fuck you . nobody does that to my fucking friends and gets away with it . bitch . 
So like , when some shit goes down , you just apologise , hug your friends a bit , have a bit of a cry and go back to normal :) it may suck at the time , but it always get better . 
3Oh ! 3 was fucking awesome 
You piss me off to end . 
me : charlotte , he is not sexy :| Charlotte Ayres : but he has really cool acne !! D: D: D: 
I'm having extreme trouble trying to get my mouth to reach my incredibly small penis . why .. WHY ?!?! :'( 
Using my neighbours interweb <3 
http://www.formspring.me/geeBRO 
You can comment comments now ? Too far facebook . 
leave my fucking friends alone . they dont want to hear your shit . we all hate you . stop being so fucking selfish and leave them the fuck alone . 
Twilight : A young girls choice between necrophelia and beastiality . 
Oh John Mayer , I really do love your music <3 Even if you are a douchebag . 
! 
What you gonna do when everybody's insane ? 
Ms Takla : " Oooh yes ! Ms De Borre just sent me a cow on farmville ! " .. true story D: ! 
DEAR FACEBOOK ! PLEASE DO NOT POST ANY PHOTOS OF GEORGIA GREENWOOD THAT ARE EMBARRASSNG THANKYOU U LOVE OYuO LOVE FROM GEORGIA FROM GEORGIAnANANA S AACCOUndT 
" I've seen a few nipples in my time , but hers are fucking hilarious " - skins <3 
Put Charlotte Ayres's phone down my pants :D 
Last night was fucked . I love you Emma Rileey-baconn Berger-Mitchem , I'm gonna miss you heaps <3 
http://gee-likethemoonandthestars.tumblr.com/ 
Is it normal to be scared of pacman ? -.- BECAUSE Georgia Greenwood IS =.= 
Hmmm , can ghosts haunt other ghosts ? * strokes beard * 
What the fuck is so good about Eminem ? :| 
georgia greenwood is a fucking legendddddddddd . 
And we'll rip down all those picture frames of my life , this time we'll leave this town . 
Oh , 3OH ! 3 , how I miss the day when you made good music :'( 
I don't really know if I want to be your friend or not . 
I don't know how to spell your second name but I'll try 
Skins , Crystal Castles and Easy Mac . Could life get more awesome ? 
Oh geez , Crystal Castles <3 
OMG OMG OMG SEA MONKEYS ARE REAL :O :O :O 
City School is aiight 
At tim burton exhibition <3 
Don't want no paper gangsterrrrrrr 
You taste just like glitter mixed with rock & roll 
The Chaser's War On Everything <3<3<3 
That feeling when the excitement for a concert starts to build is the best 
Actually don't think I've been to a single c cubed lesson . 
Then came the day Osama blew us away ... 
OMG WTF , apparently , my dad met Florence and the Machine D: 
Oh fuck :| 
I hate it when people say ' true ' all the time , like is it really necessary ? 
Gonna be a good weekend :) 
Hmmm , Fiji or You Me At Six and House vs Hurricane ? :/ 
Led Zeppelin <3 
Step Up 3D is so trippy 
lace my palm with silver baby 
calvin motherfucking harris ! 
im on a boat motherfucker . 
being sick sucks :| 
really wanna go to the vampire weekend concert in may . <3 
and it was all yellow . 
withh caitlin ! :D 
at caitlins ! 
ugh , ricketts point tomorrow :| 
