summer goes so fast !!! 
in the cities 
excited for MOA day trip 
doesnt wanna go back to work after vacation :( 
dentist today ... yay ... 
work work work 
last cabin trip of the summer . sad :( 
busy ... always 
goin up north 
I LOVE SNOW !!! 
i got rear-ended b4 i rear-ended someone ... surprising . 
excited for boundary waters trip 
back from the cities 
watching I Love Lucy 
to the cities :) 
doesnt wanna go back ... 
leading day camp 
tired 
only 3 weeks ?! what happened ???!!! 
math ... 
stuffy nose . grr ... 
sooooooo much stuff to do this week . 
is trying to do her chem lab but keeps getting distracted by this 
doesn't like mondays . 
only kinda sick-ish . yay ! 
* cough , cough * must get more cough drops ! * cough * 
trying to decide on some colleges to visit . 
Hope i dont have too much h/w to make up tomorrow ... that is if i can go back tomorrow . grrrrrr . i hate being sick ! 
tired and sick ... sick and tired . gr 
tired ... just like usual 
not sick !!! yay ! 
homework ... :( 
Homecoming !!!! 
if a cat always lands on its feet , and toast always lands buttered side down , what happens if you strap a piece of toast to a cats back and drop it ? 
minnesingers last night . bored today ... 
picking up leaves ... i love fall 
we need more long weekends . 
nervous 
Christmas !!! 
Up North this weekend . So excited !!! :D 
skiing in -2 degree weather ... what better way to celebrate the new year ? 
almost halfway there ! 
ah ... end of the semester & a rly long week . these are the best fridays 
must read Asher Lev ... grrrr .... 
ugh ... monday 
doesn't wanna go to school tomorrow . 
ugh ... mondays 
hmmm ... what is on my mind ? idrk ... i think i mighta left it @ atwood last night ... either that or its just ignoring me today . 
confused ... i should really stop trying to think on Thursdays ... 
" Everything in this room is eatable . Even I'm eatable . But that is called cannibalism , my dear children , and is , in fact , frowned upon in most societies . " 
Dear John tonight ! good thinking Alex Ferkinhoff ! 
SATURDAY !!! :D 
does it actually feel like we got out early to anyone ? 
hm ... could we maybe just have one more week ? please ? 
up north 
today was awesome :) 
* sigh * 
Ahhh !!! I've got Friday Night Syndrome ! 
wait , you mean some ppl don't just stand around and talk to their friends @ work ??? 
How can I be 17 already ? I don't want to grow up ! 
Finally !!! 
Bubbles ... because otherwise it wouldn't be a true birthday celebration :) 
did anyone else realize that since we have to push the clocks forward tonight we get jipped a whole hour of spring break ? 
never wants to do that again 
It's amazing how life can change so quickly 
college essay #1 -- almost done . great , only 4 more to go ... 
why r there so many scholarships in the US for Armenians ? and hemophiliacs ? and ppl who have the last name von vanderfield ???? 
wants to skip school and travel the world . who's with me ? 
misses the days when every necessary school supply was made by crayola 
ok ... ive changed my status 5 times in the last 20 min . i think its time to just admit that i have no idea what i want to say . 
This was a really long week ... 
Almost Easter Break ! 
We're so close ! 
snow snow snow snow snow snow SNOW !!!!! :) 
I love clothes straight out of the dryer :) 
brutalized by the recording session 
hiccups ... 
skippin ' class and savin ' lives . good day :) 
" so youre saying ur watermelon baby is like jesus ? " " yes . " 
i love rain :) 
finally starting to settle back in . just trying to figure out what to do with all this free time ... 
Really good dream interrupted by my alarm . AP Physics is sooooo not worth it :P 
just got a package from Jéan-Paul Landeau :) 
sick . end of story . 
been sitting here for 2 hrs trying to start an ap lit essay ... 
just slept in a tree 
reveling in good memories 
Watching Pocahontas , eating mac n cheese , and coloring disney pictures . This is what the last 2 wks of school does to us ... 
How does Chicago already seem so long ago ? 
blood drive today = epic fail + intense bruises 
Watching Pocahontas , eating mac n cheese , and coloring disney pictures . I love being a kid ! 
ha -- the irony of having a conversation over txt abt hating txting 
for some reason it just hit me that we will actually graduate next year ... like sitting in the cap and gown and getting the diploma and everything ... 
i would give you my shorts , but then i wouldnt have any . idk why i just said that ... 
just jumped into a trailer full of leaves :) 
I want you to want me 
Physics , I will never understand you ... 
best last day of school so far ;) 
Summer moves much too quickly 
bonfires ... one of the best things about summer :) 
is going ice skating with Allie Durdall :) 
the leaves are changing color :) 
glee ! 
" Well I think pretty much anything I can put in my mouth tastes good " - Mr. Trout 
AHHHH ! It's August already ?! 
spent all night being emotionally attacked by the radio -- they played prty much evry song that made me think of GYLC . :( i miss everyone !!! 
I love oreos 
would like to thank Allie Durdall for saving me from doing something productive ( e.g. essays ) yesterday :) 
was not ready for it to b over yet 
misses the days when all the school supplies you needed were made by crayola 
option a : read 40 pages of the Odyssey and get 5 hrs of sleep . option b : read 2 pages of sparknotes and get adequate sleep . yeah , let me think about that for just a minute ... 
the power of voodoo . who do ? you do ! do what ? 
why yes school district 742 i would love to drive my ice encased car through the freezing rain and over glare ice so that it can snow during the day and make my drive home even more dangerous . 
Mandy Leavell + Allie Durdall + chocolate moop = one awesome night :) 
From DC to NYC with some of the best people in the world 
i like apple pears 
loves watching Pocahontas with Allie Durdall and Brittani Klaverkamp ... and singing along , of course :) 
decisions decisions ..... 
Let's fly away to Neverland ... 
Writing college app essays on my first day off from school ... somebody save me ! 
finally starting to settle back in ... still sorting thru all the great memories tho ( now that there's finally time to think abt ' em ! ) 
Best part of going back to school ? Clothes shopping with Allie Durdall !!! 
what i wouldn't give for another week of christmas ... 
how do you fix a monday ? curly ribbon and glow-in-the-dark nail polish , of course ! 
so what do i have to thank homer for ? the mental image of a giant cyclops milking a sheep 
the appropriate reward for completing rough drafts of all my essays : GIANT disney princess coloring pages !!! :D 
movie night ! :) 
college applications : submitted . stress level due to having to do something : gone . stress level due to nerves : wayyyyyy up . maybe i should go find some more leaves to jump in . 
is it immoral to step on a bug in church ? 
24 hrs and 2 showers later and I'm finally glitter free 
my dad just turned up the song " man i feel like a woman " ... and proceeded to hum along . 
ah minnesingers ....... :) 
sorry Allie Durdall Brittani Klaverkamp Brianna Furey Anna Quick 
picking senior quotes 
what to do , what to do .....? 
why yes i would love to drive my ice encased car through the freezing rain and over glare ice so that it can snow during the day and make my drive home even more dangerous . 
its mondays like this that make me realize how much i miss summer 
this 3 yr old is talented : cereal halfway down my tee shirt . while i was wearing my sweatshirt ... 
hp7 ... omg 
mmmmm ... olive garden :) 
is anxiously awaiting a letter from notre dame : only 9 more days ... 
how r we supposed to appreciate every moment ? existentialism is depressing ... 
oh , to be a little kid again .... 
wish my brain would stop living in the past 
Dear sky , if its not too much trouble , i was just hoping you could possibly make it snow a bit more ... there isnt really enough for it to be minnesota in december yet . that would be great . sincerely , heather 
yeah , mr karn , i totally have an extra hour of my life to devote to searching for literary criticism about kafka's the trial . no problem .... 
how long r blood drive related bruises supposed to last ???? 
meh ..... why ?! 
chocolate orange ! 
Tolstoy , Kafka , or iTunes ? Yeah ... why don't i just think about it for a minute .... 
watching sister act just isnt the same w/o being squished on a couch with Allie Durdall Eric Broker Andrew Koetter Brianna Furey Brittani Klaverkamp Bernard Bichler Lewis Engel and Christina Ramsdell 
wrist chronometer ... i will never call it a watch again 
why didn't i finish my paper ??? umm , well it has something to do with Brittani Klaverkamp Allie Durdall & Lewis Engel , a pair of jeans , and a bunch of sharpies ...... 
MONSTER COOKIES !!! :D 
well , pumpkin soup ... 
financial aid , aka the hardest part of applying to college 
ok cats , here we come ... 
Who wants girl scout cookies ? 
so i guess 14 straight hours of babysitting will decrease your mental age by oh , just about 10 years ... 
Dear snow , 
I hate you . Please leave . 
still procrastinating on theological reflection paper ? definitely . 
I love airplanes ! 
So my phones dictionary includes giraffe and casanova , but not lasagna ... 
working on my week off ... i hate being adultish 
I miss summer 
is now a legal adult , which means that i can do exciting things now like ...... renew my license on my own ? yay ... 
Almost spring break !!! 
