logic is not what i thought it was , but still may be interesting >.> or ill drop it , we'll see :P 
so , first day of my third semester in college . So far , class 1 : Bio seems like it could be an interesting class . Later today is the class i'm rly looking forward to though , " Intro to Logic " . /evil laugh 
OWIE ! just got home from being in a car wreck ... fun stuff , car totaled . WTB rewind button so i can restart this morning ... :'( 
i need to learn how to post a bunch of pics at once rather than 4-5 seperate post like i just did :P 
OMG new car pics are posted :D it's a 1999(kinda old but in rly good shape ) poniac Firebird ! :D 
I didn't get the Chevy SSr , mianly because they arn't made anymore and so prices r up making them kinda ' a collectors item ... lowest being 20k :S For the sake of not ruining any fun surprises , i'll announce the car and have some pics posted probably wednesday since i'll most likely pick up the car on Tuesday . :D 
Sunday : the day of doing all the hmwk you could've done all weekend . 
so , i saw 2012 the movie . On a movie-note , was good . That same director made Independence Day and the Day after tomorrow , both movies i also really liked . On the topic-note ... we're all gonna die :P Good movie , WTB 1billion euro ticket plz ? :O 
WTB thanksgiving NOAW !!! /yum .... 
Time to go home for thanksgiving break ! :D 
Going back home for the holidays ? Got my number or something , contact me . If a number of us are around we should have an awesome grp get together thingy like we did awhile back @ Hyashi's! :D 
Semester almost done ! :O WTB month off . :D 
Reconnecting with lots of my old friends in high school : plenty of fun memories :) To those who remember , " remember Bus 5 " . 
WTB GHS yearbook of when i was in HS junior or senior year ! I'm on a mission ! 
Now at home , time to set up some plans ! Peoples , call me ! :O 
Headed home tomorrow ( today) ! To those i plan on seeing , really looking forward to it ! To those i'd hope to see , get in touch with me ! To everyone else whose chance was missed , better luck next time ! 
so , insomnia seemed to hit everyone i know last night , now it's claimed my night tonight . BLARG ! 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY !!! 
Didn't go to Georegtown today like i thought i was , but most likely will tomorrow ! 
Today feels like a really good day ! :D First , i shall concur Barnes and Nobles -- and then THE WORLD ! " O ! What , huh ...? " 
Awesome day once again . Had brunch with Crystal , Kacie and Jonathan . Then we captured target for ransome and told wolf ranch we wanted lots of money to get it back ! Just jokes .. just jokes -- for now . Also , got to hang out with someone i haven't seen in far too long : radiator the cat -- and his sidekick Heather . :P 
OMG Grandma is cooking something and it smells so freaking good ! /mouth-watering 
Today was certinaly a day of discovery : found a 2 barnes and nobles gift cards in my wallet that don't expire ( 1 had $25 , 1 had $20 ) so me and mom went to barnes and nobles where i left with roughly $17 left on one of the cards . 
Finals done , break begins ! 
Next week = finals : mon-wed then done ! :D 
WOOT ! The one final that worried me is over , and i think i did alright ( English 1302 ) . Also , got my research paper back and i made an A ! <- this prof was CRAZY so an A means more than you know ! /cry 
Avatar was AMAZING ! Beautiful movie ! Epic epic epic ! :D 
GAH ! Just checked out how expensive buying all the " required " books are and such for this semesters classes ... total : $1232.80 . I'm being robbed at gun point i swear ! gees ... 
Watching Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince . Meh . 
Off to Galveston till Sunday , then i return home to college station . Happy New Year everybody ! 
Scrubs is amazing . 
Watching entire Lord of the Rings Trilogy today ! :D 
Today feels really good . Anyone want to take a hike around the lake ? O wait , in college station . /miss G-Town house . :'( 
The next semester ! It come so soon ! I'm not ready to go back yet ! /cry 
Headed home here shortly for the weekend . Really looking forward to ... everything so far . Life is awesome ! :D 
The way you spell your name made me sad . I spelled Constantine like the movie , thus you were a demon fighting matrix dude >.> 
back home in college station . :) 
Headed back to class , be back around 6ish ! 
Back in college station again . /cry ASAP i'll leave again . Let things now pass quickly so that things later may last longer . 
ROFLMAO !!! Torrented Season 1 & 2 of Big Bang theory . Saw season 1 at the murski's when i lived with them over the summer to work @ castlerock . Freaking hilarious show ! XD 
Off to Spanish once again . Check out the art of mine i posted if you haven't already ! 
RAWR i love music . The right song evaporates anything negative . FIGHT BACK ! 
WTB phone with a keyboard . :P My phone is cool , but looking forward to may when i can upgrade ! 
Kinda feeling like i need to think : about who knows what , but kinda grey right now . Is it confusion ? Desire to fence again just eating at me ? Something more ... hmmm . Guess i'll do some logic problems , those are always fun oddly enough . 
If anyone else is feeling like it , think i'm gonna be up for awhile , txt me or something ! :) 
Awesome night was awesome ! Tired , but at the same time i don't feel like sleeping . Noticed the stars tonight once i got home . Out in the country here now where my parents are ... really made me just want to keep looking -- wondering --- looking forward to next time . 
I love the movie Armaggedon ! Even after seeing who knows how many times , still makes me choke up . :') 
To college station i have returned / To college station i have confirmed -- / The place to be , the place i stay / Only if in resignation , i say ! 
And the fourth semester begins . Ready or not it's time to finish things here and move on . Let this semester be quick , my life is waiting for the next step . 
Economics class was cruel today . Talking about supply and demand curces and shifts and whatnot ... and EVER single example she said involved FOOD ! Jackson HUNGRY !!!! /cry 
Think im heading back to my parents this weekend . Need dad to look into some book expenses . Any G-town peeps around to hang out or something ? Legion come out friday ! :D 
Got a call , sounds like one of my cats back home has been bitten by a rattle snake . :'( I think he'll be fine , we've never lost one to a snake bite , but always scarey , and me being the animal person in the family -- my not being around doesn't help much . 
Oh economics how i hate you ! Expert @ and greatly enjoy Logic ... yet economics sounds like gibberish to me . /growl 
Ahhhh , the most dreaded reminder-day for many people : Happy singles-awareness day ! For the happy couples out there , Happy Valentines Day ! 
Super Bowl Sunday ! 
" Give me a reason , and know that there wont be hesitation -- only determination . " Spur of the moment words in my head . 
WOOHOO ! Financial aid money for the semester FINALLY came in . I can buy grocieries again and stopping counting pennies and and and ... /cheer ! :) Party time ? 
A picture says a thousand words , yet a moment of silence touches millions . Together , the hearts of the world can be yours . 
Ok , so tomorrow it's predicted that it'll snow and sleet and do all sorts of cancel-school quality weather ... but not till maybe 2pm . Let the admins call in a bad weather day or w/e ! DO IT NOAW !!! 1 
Officially ACCEPTED to A&M University of Texas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPRING BREAK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot , anything you remember . Don't send a message , leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about you . Leave it for 24 hours , it could be interesting :) -chain message gogo ! 
Wed-Fri at my parents place , headed back to college station Saturday . Spring break goes by too fast !!!! 
i love Hot chocolate when it's cold outside . 
" People don't treasure -- Remember -- one who does what must be done , but rather one who does that which is not required of them . " 
Today is gonna be busy once things get started . Didn't fence at all last week , so i'm definitely not missing it this week , but i've got a rough draft of an 8pg paper that needs writing by tomorrow , and i need to put in some time on my INTS country resource book . Bah ... 
This weekend i'll be headed home again . The Longhorn fencing tournament needs an Aggie presence to take the gold . >=) 
This cold is a serious de-motivator for me . Here's to hoping tomorrow's classes are canceled do to the roads being to icey or something ... i really just want the weekend and SWIFA III , and the mythical return of warmer weather . 
There is a diference between what's difficult and what's nebulous : where with difficulty comes effort and potential triumph , that which is nebulous is without the ability to be understood or mastered no matter the effort applied . 
Terry Goodkind : " Stone of Tears " -quote : " Wizard's Second rule : the greatest harm can result from the the best intentions " ( 635 ) . 
Today ... i will watch the Pirates of the Caribean trilogy . :) 
Just got back to college station . Spring break has a single day remaining ... a single morning left to embrace with arms of sleeping-in-too-much . /cry Spring break flies by far too fast . :'( 
Birthday = April 22nd . Gonna go home that weekend , and maybe try to get something todether Saturday afternoon/night like going bowling . Anyone interested ? :O 
Dave and Buster's was awesome : once again , happy 21st Matt ! Seeya this weekend . Matt beat me at air hockey 2 outa 3 btw . /growl 
Seeing the old AFC club again was really something . The new building they're at is awesome and just about the same distance as the other place was from my parents place . 
Happy 4th of july America ! 
The semester has not begun , yet i have homework due before class meets on the first day of classes . /cry 

My excitement for going to A&M is being outweighed by anxiety and fear . >_> 
Just got my grades from blinn for the semester : made 5 Bs and 1 A ... somehow . Final cumGPA from 2years @ blinn : 3.183 -> A&M is next . :D 
P.S. : i am really vexed about how i made a B in econ . All i can say is thank you to Professor Harvell , much as my direct grades might not of earned it , i appreciate the bump if there was one to associate with my effort applied , even if the grade didn't match up . 
Wow last night was weird . It's been so long since i was legitly and completely ill and combo'd with an amazing storm last night ... forgot how vivid and strange dreams could be with the right external devices present . O.o 
I love sushi . >.> 
Today was fun . Hung out with James , Vicky , Holly , Sara and Martin all afternoon . From sushi to china town we roamed . For the record : the octopus is twice the animal a cuddle-fish will ever be ! 
Tomorrow is the first day of the semester . A&M has begun . Luckily i start my week with a very forgiving Monday ; only 2 classes : ENG - Shakespeare from 1:50 - 2:40 and German 1 from 5:30 to 6:35 . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your page if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? ? 
Alright ... spring breaks end marks half of the semester done ... may this second half go as quickly ! Also , WTB spring break as 2wks , LF job for the summer . 
has headache , hates economics still , is being pestered by Texas State University while i've already been accepted by A&M and returned my acceptance to them aswell . Ugh is ugh . -_- 
YES !!!!! Got my feedback finally from the A&M fencing club , things are ironed out and i can fence there finally ! Practices are on and off atm cause of whatever things may be happening at the READ building where practice is , but next chance i'm around and practice is on , expect me there ! ;) 
With this thursday marks the first day of my finals . 3 finals on thursday : econ , chemisty and the written portion of the wt trng class . That following monday ( 5/10 ) i have my last 2 : spanish and COSC ( " computer " class ) . Wish me luck for the economics final ... 
Forest Gump ftw . :) Makes me want to go to Bubba Gumps . Amazing buckets of shrimp . =D 
And once again back in college station . 
Thus , i have returned to College Station . 
Only 1 class tomorrow . Pretty much saying the week is already done . :P 
Rest time ! 
Time to upgrade to Windows 7 , and putting in some more RAM . Lets see how much i remembered to backup when it's all said and done . O_o 
Dad had bought 4 tickets to tomorrows A&M game versus Missouri , but including myself we only have 3 going ; anybody around feel like going to an Aggie game ? :O 
Alright , it's time to majorly get to work . I like ending the night by midnight , so time to write an 8pg rough draft paper in an hour ! Ready , set , go ! 
Tomorrow = fencing night ! :D Seems like since a week ago i've just been counting down the nights till it was Thursday night again . It is definitely gonna be a late night , my fellow fencers : you better be ready to play king of the strip ! 
Totally watching waterboy on FX right now ... epic movie is epic . Rofl . 
Happy new year everyone ! 
-Really , on my side , it doesn't feel like a new year yet . O_o Something tells me i'm going to still be writing 2010 on everything for a couple months until it gets thru my head . :P 
Terry Goodkind : " Wizard's First Rule " -quote : " People are stupid ; given proper motivation , almost anyone will believe almost anything ... they will believe a lie because they want to believe it's true , or because they are afraid it might be true " ( 397 ) . 
It's 4am , i supposed i'll at least get in bed and read . Maybe i'll go to sleep by 5 or so . Goodnight or goodmorning , whatever it can be considered now . 
Just got back from having seen " Kick Ass " . The movie was -- kick ... ass . :D 
Apparently , today is the national day of prayer ... odd coincidence : being that my finals i'm worried about were today . Fitting . 
I r 20 ! :D Thank you everyone for the happy birthdays ! :') 
Iron man 2 was epic . Next on the menu : Thor . Stick around after the credits to see the " teaser intro " . 
Anger . Frustration . Aggravation . Have all my needed books for next semester except 2 , and where i want to buy them doesn't have them . Curso De Gramatica Avanzada Del Espanol and a Berliner Platz NEU Level 1 ( Student Pack ) . 
Midnight showing of Iron Man 2 tonight ! :D 
Tmorrow is the Bobcat fencing Epee events . C and Under is @ 9:30 , epee Open starts @ 12:30 (currently an A4[ ! ] tournament !!! In san Marcos ? Come by and cheer me on ! :D 
has recieved his diploma from Blinn . WOOT ! :P 
Filled out entirely too many job applications for a single day . -_- Total tally : 5 and before the night is done , a 6th may be on the way . Going to parents place this weekend , leaving tomorrow and will be back in college station saturday night . Looking forward to seeing the new AFC club thursday night ! To guys better be ready to be ass-kicked .... or to kick ass . >.> 
Don't worry Matt ! Helps coming ! Keep saying " no " ! Leaving parents place here to head uup to temple within the hour . Looks like i'll arrive up there somewhere's around 6- 6:30 or so . Cya guys soon . 
Please post this status in honor of those killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death Star . People need to understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The RebelAlliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy . 97% of people won't repost this because talking about Alderaan's destruction is taboo . If you're one of the 3% who stand for intergalactic freedom from tyranny , re-post this ! 
Terry Goodkind : " Blood of the Fold " -quote : " Wizard's third rule : Passion rules reason " ( 360 ) . 
Terry Goodkind : " Blood of the Fold " -quote : " History is rarely made by reasonable men " ( 299 ) . 
Talking to a friend in Massachusetts : Your time is ahead of mine , so you're in the future ! And i'm in the present because i'm central time . And the west coast is the past ! I'll reach the future by plane ... and the past by train , then take a cab back to the present ! XD 
Saw Prince of Pershia todat with my dad , was really good . :D I didn't play the game , so i'll have to wait and hear from friends who did to see how accurate it was . 
Saw Invictus tonight too , which was a stunning movie . Some very motivating words in there . :) 
I apologize my AFC counterparts , but the beconing has begun . Out to an A&M fencing meeting tonight @ 5 . :D My wait to clash steel and wits has ended . The fencing strip has called forme again . XD 
Wow . Wierd night . Went to bed early ( for my current pattern ) around 10:30 where i proceded to listen to music and read my book till around 1am . Slept , waking up every 2-3hrs . Wake up @ 7:30 am feeling wide awake and just kinda layed there till 8:30 . Apparently i can cap out on sleep , since i been getting absurd amounts lately . :P 
My schedule is just too lopsided from mon/wed to tues/thurs . Taking a new language doesn't progress my required credits for my degree in any way , so I'm dropping German for this semester to be picked up again possibly in the spring ( or perhaps another candidate language ) . 
Totally gave this riddle to a friend of mine on his formspring , see if anyone else can figure it out ! Now ... honestly the answer is to it's meaning , obvious , but the answer i want it as the riddle describes it which means many more still , WONT understand the reference . Try it and see for yourself . ;) 
Hmm ... well , ENGL 312 was actually canceled today , but no email was sent out , so i didn't know until i saw the paper note tapped to the door when i got there . Least it provided me some time to take care of other business concerning my major , preregistration and an INTS 201 assignment . Also , got to see Katie . Good luck getting into A&M or Blinn Team ! Looking forward to when you move here . :D 
early night tonight . Jackson is overly tired and doesn't know why . T_T 
A&M wins 9-6 ! 
So , upcoming plans : Headed home Early thursday so i can get home in time to go to AFC again that night . Then , sticking around till the following friday ( 8days ) so once again i can go to AFC monday and the next thursday night . That's a good week to see everybody ... and apply for jobs all around my parents place . O.o 
wants more better sleep . Blarg . 
Going back to my parents place again . Work interview tuesday morning . Fencing monday and thursday night . If i get the job , i'll be there for the rest of the summer , if not i'll stick around for a week or so before heading back to college station again . 
Most likely will miss out on fencing practice tonight . Another working hard night because i let too much hmwk pile-up . 
She's got no facebook , but deserves a shout out anyway : Happy Birthday mom ! :) 
The plan is to head once again back to my parents house thursday , but i should be getting a schedule of sorts from A&M here very soon listing how the new student conference im going to 7/1&2 so i need to wait for that . May have to wait till friday to get home , but that's teh latest i'll be so i can see Roxanne's play that night . ;) 
All the pent up debate , stress , anger or tension : agression ... all released by a night of sword play . Fencing is amazing . Monday is closed for memorial day weekend , but i look forward to next thursday ! :) 
Today is driven by constant music in my ears , providing the metronome for my step . /grin 
Backa again in college station . 
Daylight savings is annoying . It's about to be 6pm and it's already as dark as it shouldn't be till 8-9pm normally . Makes me more tired sooner by proxy . -_- 
who is paying attention ... Every single one of you are on my Friend listas a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count youas friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actuallypays ....... attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I .................. will ... be watching to see who responds . I did ... it :) 
Got a job work interview with Kyle vet clinic , the nearest of 3 clinics i applied for near my parents house . Going in Tuesday ( 6/15 ) from 8-10am to see everything and see how i can hlpe out . If things work out , means i'll be fencing at AFC full time again this summer ! WOOT ! Job is for a par t-t ime summer position . 
Alright , SWIFA II tomorrow . Time for A&M to Kick Ass . Lets BTHO everyone guys ! WHOOP ! To anyone who feels like coming to support us , SWIFA is all day tomorrow , 9am till whenever it's done @ the Student Recreation Center , courts 5 & 7 . Come support your A&M fencers ! 
Why do the best languages to learn right now have to be mandaran and arabic ... arabic would be cool i guess , but i don't wanna talk'n the chinese ! O.o 
Still got an interest in Russian , but there may not be summer classes for it , which means i wont be done for 2.5 -3years instead of the desired 2 . /ponder 
Today is a wonderfully beautiful day . Gorgeous ! :) 
It may be the real thing i live for . In my mind there is one struggle i always pursue ; the situation of strife bearing down on me , my sword in my hand and a goal in my heart : for another , for myself , for a purpose . Fencing is my calling , if only i can make it my life . 
Fencing was AWESOME . /sigh Fenced well tonight , but left with some punishment . Got hit really good twice by 2 other peoples : battle scars to be for sure . One on the neck , the other just under my arm . OUCH ! >.> 
Roxanne was actually there tonight , which was a huge surprise and simply incredible . Big thanks for coming Roxanne . Consider it a guarantee that i'll come see one of your plays sometime in June here . ;) 
New OS is up and running ! :D 
Happy Father's Day ! 
The semester ! It is coming ! It's getting closer ! Nooo ! I'm scared . :'( 
These sunburns from the A&M game today are going to make me remember this game for all time ... owie . . O_O . 
Preregistration for the spring semester : done 
packed for going home : done 
Let the Thanksgiving break begin . :D 
On my way home to parents place . 
So , friday night = at Matt and Chelsea's House : helping them move from Temple to Georgetown Saturday . Saturday night = hanging with vicky and annalise ? Sunday = haning with AFC peeps ? The plans ! There are so many ! >.> 
I watched the league of extraordinary gentlemen today . Now i can't help but speak like Sean Connery . XP 
Cold , windy and wet . Can i just go back to bed please ? 
Day 2 of A&M classes : this day is too full ... the later start is nice ( 11:10 ) but then i have classes clear thru till 6:35 , then fencing right afterwards at 7 till 10 or so . There is just too much . I may pull out of German , my latest class to stabilize my load abit . Learning a 3rd language would be awesome , but id like to not be dead when it's done . T_T 
Saw Rozanne's play last night , " The Merry Wives of Windsor " . Was really awesome . Good comedy , and Roxanne was caught in all pink and fairy wings : priceless ! :D 
Parents are now on vacation , and i'm the new sentry to their home till August 3rd . Time to make plans ! :D 
So , inception was a freaking amazing movie ! Incredible ! XD 
Lots of old photos uploaded ! Arizona trip with family ( Summer 2006 ) , " Latin Trip " to Italy and Greece ( Summer 2006 ) , An old fencing Tournament album ( 2007 ) . Check em out . :) 
The day counselors " council " me with useful and irrefutably correct affirmations and directions is the day I'll trust they're there to help me and not squander as much money as they can from me by advising me to take classes that the next semester they say counted for nothing . 
watching Home alone II . :D 
Childhood classic ftw . 
Tomorrow I'm headed back to college station and my last 2 weeks before finals of my first semester at A&M . Very ready for winter break , but there is some business left to finish . 
The rain avoids me . It's interesting to observe . This is how today went . Rain incoming -> i leave to go to bustop , rain stops . I get to class without incident -> rain pours while in class . -> class ends , i go to bus stop , no rain . -> on bus headed home , begins to pour ruthlessly . -> reaches my stop , rain stops . I have mastered the rain ! 
Oh em gee . For the first time since i made myself a facebook profile , my profile picture has been changed . :P Figured I'd say it for everyone else who's gonna find it as much a surprise . =D 
Good SWIFA catch , Kat . /grin 
Through my German 1 class this semester , the week before finals i could go with a small group for a week to Germany with the professor : just a fun intro trip , not study abroad or anything . To go or to have that week for studying for finals ? 
So , i needed milk . On my way home from fencing tonight i stopped by Walgreens to get a gal . I figured while i was in there i'd grab an A&W root beer , but it was out of stock . So i decided to get a small bottle of chocolate milk , and as i'm reaching for it a grandmotherly black woman comes around the corner and says " I think this[ ! ] is what you're looking for " indicating a half-gal of chocolate milk . 
First day of A&M done . Was pretty cool . I have a near 3hr break between my 2 classes on M/W so i took a tour to all my other classes so i know where to go and what to expect time-wise for tomorrows schedule . 
NCIS quote : " Are you kidding ? Canadians are in bed by 9 . " My Canadian friends , care to argue this claim ? 
This weekend was such a needed rest . I feel so much better having the first week of school over with . The semester has begun , and my pace for the semester set . Wait what ?! School on Labor day ? Blasphemy ! Luckily i only have 1 class on Mondays , no biggie . :P 
I hate textbooks so much ! LOATHING ! Rob me of $100 , paperback bastards ! ARGH ! 
Got an 84 on my Spanish midterm . I'm satisfied . :) 
Today , got class @ 1:50 - 2:40 -> bus home , grab my stuff and leave asap to try to get to my uncles house in Houston before the traffic gets really bad down there . O_o SWIFA Saturday ! Time to BTHO everyone at SWIFA , TAMU Fencing ! WHOOP ! 
SWIFA was awesome ! I remain undefeated today , but the odds still stacked against us : as a team we were knocked out in the DEs , but well fought ! The other epee team went on to win second , saber got second and our foil-ers got 1st . WHOOP ! Thank you Uncle Brett and Jennifer for letting me bunck at your new house and a bigger thanks for being there throughout SWIFA to cheer me on ! Yall are awesome ! 
Hurray ! Financial Aid Money is in . I has money again ! :D 
Headed back to my parents place tomorrow . hanging around till Monday when i come back to college station and prepare for the semester . If anyone is still around this weekend lemme know , can go see a movie or something . :) 
Remember , remember the fifth of November -- the gunpowder , treason & plot . I cannot reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . 
How did we meet ? Copy this status and see who remembers . A fun chain to relay . :) 
HEH ! Friends , ' Georgetown-ians ' , Countrymen -- lend me your audience ! This weekend , Saturdat @ noon and Sunday @ 9am i will be attending the Longhorn Fencing Tournament in Austin . If you're freed on either of those days around those times let me know and i'll give you more details . Come cheer me on and see what fencing is about ! 
BTHO Nebraska ! Gig'em Aggies ! 
Finally got my grade back for my Shakespeare exam over Macbeth and Henry IV : 97 . ACED ! :D 
Today's fencing event went overall well . Rocked the pools 4V-2D . Seeded in the DEs at 9th . Bot a " bye " for the first DE , won my second DE but finally got knocked out in my third DE , 14-15 having brought it to 14-14 from being down 12-14 . A disappointing end , but tomorrow's epee open is where i want vengeance delivered . 
Only 1 class today , but Jackson doesn't want to leave the comfort and warmth of home for the cold and ever-blowing wind tunnel that is the street the ZACH building is on ... . O_O . 
Fencing Tournament was incredible today . The Bobcat is always a blast ! Earned at least a D today in the A4 tournament . :D Congratz to Tom , a fellow Aggie , for winning the C and under epee event today ! 
Hurray ! :D My Freddy's Lefse order came in today . Now the Thanksgiving attitude can begin , for from then till new years is lefse in the pantry . Om nom nom . 
Gotta admit , I'm impressed with myself . As backed up as i am cause of ( soon to be ) three weekends of fencing tournaments in a row , i managed to start and finish my entire INTS 201 outside book ( Clandestine in Chile By Gabriel Garcia Marquez , 114pages ) in roughly two hours . Clutch ! XP 
Got a 96 on my second Shakespeare Test . :D 
Midterms have been all over the place for me this semester , not all consolidated in a single week . Overall i'd say right now i have 4As and 1B as overall class grades , everything included . The only midterm yet to take is International immigration test next Thursday . 
1 A and the rest Bs this semester . I'm satisfied . :) 
AGGIES WIN ! 24-17 ! Hell Yeah ! WHOOP ! 
SOCI 337 and ENGL 312 finals today . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everybody !!!! BTHO TU !!! 
Did anyone else see the Boise St v Nevada game last night ? The ending was incredible and simply shouldn't have happened . O_o 
Just got back from trick-or-treating , sorta . We , TAMU fencing went out for canned goods to donate with " Aggies Can " for those who need some food through the holidays . Some people tossed in some candy for us too , which was awesome . :D 
Harry Potter midnight showing tonight . Who else is going ? :D 
I'm gonna be an uncle ! Well , i was already an uncle , but the kid lives in LA so ... ; but now ill be an " active uncle " ! Congratulations Jake and Diandra ! :D 
Today is strange ... for the first time in a long time i had a serious urge to draw : first someone on the bus who just looked like their profile would turn out awesome in pencil and paper , then while walking around the clouds consumed my interest . Such a strange day ... 
Last final tomorrow , SPAN 302 . Lets do this ! Vamonos ! 
It got too cold too fast ! Was comfortable this morning , but just after the first class was done , step outside and it was freezing ! X- 
Back in college station again . This is the last free week before the spring semester ... oye . 
So , random thought today . Why are Americans so prone to apologize for so many things ? 
-a tiny bump in class , or where feet touch while being bored in class 
-someone walking their talk , you're passing and the dog wants to say hi : owner apologizes because the dog noticed you [ virtually ] . 
Today the semester starts again . All i wanted was one more week off ! :'( 
Today feels awesome . To all you people who liked the weather last week , let me clarify for today : it isn't too cold ( standing ) , and the wind blowing as hard as it is still doesn't make it too cold ... thus it feels nice and is a shiny day . 
Today and tomorrow is devoted to making my SOCI 325 project clean and finished . Most likely i'll miss Tuesday fencing ... again ... in order to run some mock presentations with my group , and tonight i may just be late depending on how much work we need to do . 
Jackson ... still sleepy ... want to go back ... back to wonderful bed ... but Jackson has class . Jackson will speak 3rd person with himself now to demonstrate his lack of sleep . 
Alright TAMU Fencing , i'm coming tonight to get some time in before Heavy Metal this weekend and get my overly delayed share of our new Coach ! Just keep him entertained until i arrive ... which will likely be between 8-9ish . 
Another Tuesday fencing missed ... I have to go work on a group project for SOCI 325 tonight . I'm getting more and more polar to my parents view : school > fencing , as obviously fencing > school ... but the hand that feeds you > all . O_o 
Heh ! SOCI 325 group , we got a 19 outa 20 on our Google project . :D Go us ! 
We made it ! Spring break ! AHHHH ! >_> 
Headed to my parents place in Driftwood tomorrow eventually . Friday spent with the family in San Antonio , then Saturday free with Sunday the mighty return ... and end of spring break . 
It's time for bed , he said . 
Aggie Women's Basketball ... yall are incredible . WHOOP !!!!!!!! National Champions !!!!!! 
Today the Texas A&M fencing nationals team is leaving for Chicago , IL to BTHO the competition . Our 12th man doesn't follow us to the battlefield , but i ask that those who know our struggle , think of us this weekend . Wear maroon in our honor , and believe we'll bring you home another nationals victory if at all possible . Gig'em Aggies !!!!! WHOOP ! 
Driving to go get some lunch/dinner just after getting home and notice behind me a biker with a skull-helmet . The aggieland ghostrider ! 
Today i saw myself and my teammates in the school newspaper . It's a feeling i wont soon forget . WHOOP ! Heading to my parents place for the weekend . Tonight is the soft " happy 21st birthday " family style , then tomorrow ( my actual 21st birthday ) is the indoctrination .... 
I survived my 21st . :-D 
Thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! 
Also , I got a new phone ! I should have everyone's numbers that I had before , but send me a txt or something so I can make sure everything is setup . :) 
On the way back to CS . :) 
Back in CS now . :) 
The semester is so close to done . Only a few scholastic duties left ... but oh so many preparations for study abroad to make ! 
Sometimes when you cage the beast the beast gets angry ... 
Preparations for study abroad just went into hyperdrive . A&m and IES have miscommunicated and all my dates are wrong , from application details to departure time and return date . 
Currently , i feel dangerous . 
There seems to be a condition arising : the more perfect the match , or the greater the amount of similarities between possibilities ... the farther you run in search of saying it's not meant to be . Such a strange phallacy . 
I may be scared shitless for nearly having my entire abroad plans laid bare for naught , but i think we caught everything in time . I think i'm on time to recollect and be able to go still . a momentary sigh of relief , but wont actually know till the final say is returned to me . 
All my papers have been signed and turned in . Now i'm just waiting for the confirmation that they were received and that i still stand a good chance of studying abroad this fall in Santiago , Chile with IES . 
Thank god . Yes , everything made it in on time and i've been accepted into the IEs Santiago , Chile fall 2011 program ... now to sign 6 more sets of papers and assessments in 2 days time .... fuck ! >_< 
I am the master of my fate . 
I am the captain of my soul . 
Finished my book last night . Couldn't stop reading , so finished at 3am . :D Only 2 more books in the series to reread . now . Oh ... maybe I should be reading school stuff for finals ... nahhhhh . 
Tomorrow , errr ... today is the last day of classes for spring 2011 , then those fateful days of prep before finals . Endure it for one more day , and good luck everyone on your tests yet to come ! 
Midnight showing of Thor ? I think so . :D ... first final is Friday @ 3pm . Where's that statue ... i got some pennies to offer . O_o C'mere Sully ! 
Sent in my passport such and such this morning . The guy at the post office was pretty cool . :P He apparently thought saying Jackson was too long , so my new nickname became JB . ( O_o ) 
First final done . Please Sully bring me fortune , for I feel very inadequate after that test . 
Strangely feeling really tired . 
Final #2 @ 10:30 am- 12:30 pm . Alrighty then . 
Alright , 2nd final done . I feel more comfortable about that one than my first . 
Only at the precipice do we evolve . 
The clouds are passing very quickly today . I really want to fence . Getting withdrawl symptoms I swear . Need to hit something ... 
Last final done . Felt good about it for the first half , started having doubts nearer the end . Now the everlasting wait for the verdicts . 
So , now it looks like my computer got fried or something . Joy ! 
Wait , what ? Why ? When ? Well , wonder who went ... whatever . We will , we will . Where ? Wonderful . 
The thunder rolls , and with it expires the semester and all it wrought . 
Friday the thirteenth , eh ? Bring it ! I intend to make my own luck . 
Computer is in the shop . :'( 
... 
I miss it already ! 
If I keep inquiring , does it get done faster ? If I keep asking , will anything change ? ... how bout now ? 
The quote rests that you don't know how much something really means to you till you've lost it ... i know what I lost and how much it's worth , and it hurts all the same ! Gimme my computer back ! The phone " portal " to technology isn't enough to sate me ! :'( 
No more ammish holiday , please ! 
Art may be subjective , and the written form may offer perspective , but the true goal is expression placed in open view for those whom aren't with you , to also gain some measure ... of what you consider an endeavor . 
Today may be the day my missing piece us returned to me ! Be repaired , my computer , and find your way home ! 
Ok , sounds like one more day with the computer in the shop , perhaps tomorrow morning it'll be completely fixed . >_< 
I think I'm caught up in the same fantasy : building a fencing club for the Brazos valley . The beginning is an isolated club , but as we grow , we'd return to A&M and provide a sister branch in rec sports . Keep in contact guys ! 
Such an empty campus . It's kinda creepy , yet calm and peaceful too . 
At my parents house now for the end of the world BBQ . :D 
On this preview of the apocalypse , what did it make you wish for , if only in the back of your mind ? Perhaps what was in the back of your mind could use some attention now . It's never to late for something new . 
Shots ? Shots ! :S 
Well , I have as much done as I can for my study abroad . Even now I'm thinking about packing , as far away as it is . Only adds to my nervousness . >_< 
University of Chile fencing rep advises bringing my own equipment , as renting equipment there would be very expensive . I dunno how I feel about that . Do I take my stuff , or have it sent ? No fencing isn't an option . ;) 
Pretty shaken right now . It's strange , i feel like i haven't felt this in a long time . So much twisted at once ... i can't quite tell what it actually is . 
Waterworks ! Waterworks ! Dat parry 4 .... i can already hear it . ^_^ 
I'm going to have to start having writing sessions before bed because that's when my brain doesn't turn off . So many little ideas rolling around inside ... damnit , where's my pen and paper . 
It's an inside hex ! 
Finally set up the mediocre hammock outside . :D 
Reading time . 
Fencing tournament tomorrow . Wish me luck . It'll be nice to release again . 
Got 3rd at the tourny in Galveston . Was a D1 , so I couldn't of earned anything higher than what I already have . Was fun , which is what I really went for . :) 
2 Days till summer 1 starts . This little minimester is a near daily countdown till I depart for Chile ... it seems so close . 
Home sweet home . :D 
BTW peoples , for my study abroad my main communication with anyone back home will be over skype . Likely i'll be able to keep up with facebook too , but " if a little text here or there isn't enough " Cinnamon bear " then get skype and send me a contact request . " ( I kinda enjoyed that little rhyme . ) I'll also likely have a blog or something . Updates on those plans later . :) 
This night before my summer countdown class begins , I'm looking for distractions . 
... so what's up ? ^_^ 
Patient to a fault . 
Just walked into class , left contact was hurting ... now its cut in half . One eye blind . Fun . 
I signed up for one class , but its as if I'm taking 2 : math 141 & bus 33 ... this long ass summer bus wait is lame ! 
Just saw X-men , was pretty badass -- must say . 
On my way to the woodlands fencing club with Andrew ... who is driving us there . Am I doomed ? Stcm around for the next episode of Driving Back Z ! 
