in love with the music of Ishqiya ... dil to baccha hai is just too too kool ... 
Wishing you & your loved ones all that it takes to be the change , everything that motivates you to stick to your resolutions , all that , that helps you to evolve as you dream , all that , that makes you fall in love with IMAGINE by Beatles , all that , that brings us closer , all that , that makes you believe that you are a miracle you need , a miracle the world needs ! HAPPY NEW YEAR guys 
Intelligence is vulnerable to infections 
Andaaz apna apna ... it's a killer movie , it just grows on you with every viewing ... 
dying to go to mussoorie ... 
is being forced to question his own nationality !!! Indian or Delhiite or ... 
happy to see my urge for nicotine go down ... 
Love is meant to be immortalised & not institutionalised 
principle of emptiness ... food for thought !!! 
I so wanna go back to college ... one is ready hope the other idiots are motivated too ... life sucks after college ... 
Yesterday is but today's memory , tomorrow is today's dream ... 
just spoke to amim ... he's done it man ... lol 
the woman piaba and the man piaba and the ton ton call baka lemon grass , the lily root , gully root , belly root uhmm and the famous grandy scratch scratch ... 
... a religion called friendship 
commonwealth games on track to erode common wealth ... 
wondering how would beer taste after so many months ... 
deeply disturbed ... over 100,000 dead and the count can go upto 500,000 ... millions homeless , starved , injured ... this for sure is not fair ... 
life sucks when u run out of cigarettes in the middle of night ... aaaaaaaaaah 
hope is a great motivator and also a great demotivator ... 
grá & bitching aitheantas aon teorainneacha 
missing the levis and the pepe days ... lol 
loved it !!! the evng , the movie , the food , the company ... it's nice that it happens rarely ... but it happens !!! 
the beauty of life ... we live in a world of infinte possibilities 
loving the sanity in insanity ... 
a heaven called market cafe ... 
m really scared of people who want everything sorted in their life ... 
behind this mask are ideas & ideas are bulletproof ... 
I've tried and tried to walk away ... 
reaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy thrilled got connected with my dearest bro ... my childhood mentor ... feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllssssssssssssssss awsome ... awsome ??? it's an understatement ... 
FUTURE IS HAPPENING NOW ... 
is confused to the core ... how can free will and destiny coexist ??? if free will is executed then it acts as a resistance to destiny(God's will ) ... if we depend on destiny alone then the concept of karma(execution of free will ) takes a hit ... HELP 
you have all the answers ... just connect ... get more quite inside ... the ? nd ( dormant ) true self would for sure reflect in all possible mirrors known to you !!! 
the chick in teen patti is really ... butterflies ... blush blush 
FUTURE IS HAPPENING NOW , I WANT NOW FOREVER !!! 
we have theories , definations , approaches , contradictions , assumptions , presumptions to understand what intelligence is ... How intelligent is this ??? lol 
wish free will had brains ... 
question of the day - where is Anshu Maheswari ??? 
Wall Street today ... Walled Street 2011 ... 
if journey is the reward for all of us and the destation is same for both the king and the pawn then why do we take on to different paths ??? paths that seperate us by creating meaningless boundaries ... 
is puzzled with the concept of divine contradiction ... 
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 : abcdefghijklmopqrstuvwxyz --- this is all that confines , defines , oulines and controlls everything around our senses . Then why the f**k do we teach and mentor complexities in us and our luvd ones justified as an act of grooming and education . first we teach all screwd up things in graded systems and then screw up more searching for solutions ... how intelligent is this 
Wish you all a happy and safe holi ... 
loving the whispers of the vesuvius silence ... 
i lyke i lyke ... 
vanity & insanity r virtues that teach me to think ... to live ... cheers to life 
really happy to c Indian champs perform ... feel proud to be an indian 
a bunch of mother fucking bastards bludy pimps represent India ... why the fuck did our ancestors fight for independence at all ... m sure their spirits mutilate in humiliation today ... being an indian is an insult ... our parliament is a brothel ... media , judiciary , armed forces and bureaucracy are the pillars of this brothel ... shame on u manmohan singh for leading this pack of traitors ... 
a snake in players room ... players now await the arrival of elephants , 
tigers , dragons and dinosaurs ... have full faith kalmadi will deliver ... ha ha ha 
opportunities 
that excite & tempt our impulses for sure will screw harder than 
we can imagine . the damage is more on the emotional tangent and is 
irreparable . what we need to understand is that to trigger this 
impulse the opportunity creator has done his homework diligently ... so if you have spare resources time/money go clubbing /indulge in sins that pamper your reflexes . opportunities don't lure , whores do ... 
Journey is our only reward ... working with passion towards our passion makes it meaningful ... cheers to life !!! 
Murphy's Laws for cute singles • Availability is a function of time . The minute you get interested is the minute they find someone else . 
blood nd concrete for GOD ... m better of being an atheist ... 
knowledge is knowing that tomato is a fruit , wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad ... 
markets are like a girl in an eternal state of PMS ... kutch bhi hota hai mood swing ho jata hai ... lol 
love lalit modi's attitude ... m sure even if he's forced out he will create a bigger platform than IPL ... 
what 
happens when Gods go wrong ... it's absolutely incorrect to 
immortalise the kidnapper as a demon and the wife deserter as God ... 
the devil indeed takes the hindmost , unfortunately life's made a devil out of me off late ... cheers to life !!! 
did gandhi eva struggle for India's freedom ? He successfully struggled to establish a system called jugaad that democratically elects MONARCHY ... this is beautifully penned by Nehru in " tryst with destiny " ... every time he said us it literally meant his family , generations to come ... 
Gibran once said " If you love somebody , let them go , for if they return , they were always yours . And if they don't , they never were " ... waiting is so full of life ... 
merry Xmas guys ... try being santa for the guy without a pullover on the streets or the old people with no food ... once u r done with them play the santa for me when you shop around in emporio lol ... party hard ... cheers !!! 
Overwhelmed !!! 
khan market is simply the best ... 
spectacles are unique just like the finger prints ... borrowed glasses distort the vision ... 
what was the point of wishing people happy diwali ... diwali is not meant 
to choke lungs with cracker smoke ... what's the point in celebrating 
when people don't even know what festivals are all about ... for all 
those who think bursting crackers is cool or have been instrumental 
in this pollution just FO and never wish any body till you atone your 
acts and learn to respect the society and nature ... 
12 billion USD & we have Posco imagine what 900 billion + USD syphoned by our politicians could do for India ... 
jaane kiske khwaab ... awesome song from guzarish 
I shudderto the core when I see excessive availability & exchange of information happening across platforms this no doubt makes us a more informed society at large , but concurrently it annihilates our opinion forming ability therebyleading us to a state of cerebral paralysis ... IT’S Time to motivate thinking ...!!! 
where is the PM/Sonia Gandhi/Chidambram or the official barking dog of congress manish tiwari ??? what ethics does this party stand for ??? sheilding corrupt people and sacking educated , composed and logical people like Mr. Tharoor ... how many more kasabs will live at the cost of our hard earned money ... it's time to take debates beyond the studios and classrooms ... so wish a TSI issue to strip them left right center ... 
infinity knocks » 
what distracts often attracts ... i guess you've attracted me enough ... 
really hate to watch the debates/discussions conducted by rajdeep and arnab , so fake and full of strategic pr ... even when it comes to presenting ... really miss the times when Dr. Pranoy Roy & Mr. Dua used to present way back ... spclly the election uodates and discussions ... 
behind every satisfied woman is a tired man ... 
history is always biased , it can never be written or understood without prejudice ... some national holidays are really uncalled for !!! 
silicon , the new found love of Indian media ... broadcasters at least show some good stuff ... pamela was for hostel days ... 
axe deo is one product that disappoints for sure ... 
akira kurosawa ... this guy is a genius .... love the way he presents and understands cinema ... floored again !!! 
really happy to c the indian mandate evolve over petty issues of religion caste nd creed by electing performance ... wish the same translates across india and the lalooos nd paswans get a kicking left right center ... 
JPC or PAC India will not get a solution ... it wud b headed by a corrupt guy ny which ways ... and in all this mess sheila and kalmadi have been spared by media and the gov ... integrity , honor , justice et.al . words shud cease to exist in the dictionaries ... 
god why is india not your map ... try putting a hearing aid all the bhajans kirtans and all that jazz of the world happens here just to get ur attention ... if ur problem is bad eyesight try crizal to see better ... if u r just being lazy try cinkara ... if u still can't figure out what to do plz quit managing heaven coz I'll be forced to believe that u manage heaven like India ... 
suspended animation then now and forever ... this was and is Gandhi's vision for India ... fuck you both and the ones between you ... 
AMAZING !!! 
loved each word that President Obama said during student 
interaction ... brilliant is an understatement ... hats off to your 
humility , diplomacy , timing , planning , the 
platform selection ... wish our world had more leaders like you and 
sincerely hope that you are elected for the second term ... the world 
needs leaders like you ... 
kapil sibal has lost it big tyme ... fucker this cover up won't work ... 
outlook needs an outlook !!! 
just hate u dominos !!! i look pregnant thanks to you ... 
blood line ...!!! 
Eureka !!! each time this word is used someone somewhere has challenged nature and created something with side effects ... whats the point in creating something when mother nature has given us everything in a balanced way ... then we compliment such morons by calling them intelligent ... How intelligent is this ... I so love being an idiot .. 
" the best advice comes from people who are not selling it " good judgments come from experience and experience comes from bad judgments ... i hope u understand where this comes from ... cheers !!! 
moving on is simple ... but it is what you leave behind that makes it so difficult ... cheers to life !!! 
new year resolutions - Quit Smoking , Beer , Non Veg , affairs/flings , whiskey , junk food ... alas 2051 is too far ... m sure most of us are on the same wave length ... cheers to life & our resolutions ... Happy New Year Guys !!! 
UNICEF report - over 1million Indian children die under the age of 5 die annually ... 60% of them can be avoided ... media , govt , judiciary , bureaucracy , investigators , forces ... are all responsible jointly for these murders ... why the f++k are we busy boosting TRPs for one aarushi or jessica ? 
find ways to win , to set new benchmarks rather than getting into a crab race ... if you don't get what I am saying read a book titled " The Journey is the Reward " 
ditch the bitch called failure !!! 
breaking news !!! Rajnikanth knows victoria's secret .... 
Sandstorm perceived as a rodeo's(BUSH ) blunder is actually turning out to be a blessing in disguise for the people of Egypt , most parts of Africa stretching till Iran ... cry for democracy now is the real game changer ... Oil trade bound to be redefined ... 
the world for sure needs many like u Mr. Obama .... American Egypt , eagles have started focused hunting ... love it ... 
@Arindam_IIPM : The government must bring back all the black money stashed abroad and stop corruption ; else , Indian streets mi ( cont ) http://deck.ly/~1AoHf 
re election for sure is a better alternative if we have to bear the cost of over 10 
elections just to keep a corrupt coalition govt in power ... Mr. Singh i read that you are an economist ... your justification proves the guilt ... time to step down ... 
@Arindam_IIPM : Shocking & Exclusive from TheSundayIndian : 26/11 snaps frm hidden cameras inside Taj , why Kasab must be hanged immed .. http://on.fb.me/d97Ado 
the way shewag scored today makes me feel that he's gonna screw up big tyme in matjces to come 
I am better of being prosecuted for not paying taxes than witnessing kasabs being fed lavishly with my hard earned money ... 
twisted can be twisted or twisted !!! 
on the egde ... I guess this is wht world cup all about ... nails aaaaaah 
FO morons ... with 338 on board v had won already thx to our bowlers we ended up in a tie ... shittttt mannnnnn 
Somebody whom you loved or love more than life came into your life for one of two reasons : To love u forever or to teach u not to love again . this fact makes love more loving and beautiful !!! will try to love as many as possible ... cheers !!! 
will need articulation classes very soon ... ha ha ha 
love the clicks ... 
debt trap , this is what every American suffers from . what is perceived by them as future asset is actually a $ 9 trillion liability spread strategically via bonds ... unemployment , austerity & taxes ... Black Gold is just an eye wash , Egypt , Libya et.al . are just dark pawns pawing way for the real deal to save the eagle ... 
2*2 = 4 what a movie ... killer stuff 
shewag m running shrt of adjectives for u ... 
the dark side of white for sure in not black ... whateva 
dictionaries don't have an afterlife we do ... immortal is a word , think ... 
26 alphabets and endless possibilities ... 
eeply disturbed ... many more japans in times to come if we don't stop abusing nature ... to all those who felt the pain and who sincerely condole this catastrophe just start respecting nature ... it's time to change and to act NOW !!! 
an uprising in Saudi Arabia taking shape ... America eyes this as an opportunity to control oil ... seeds of World War 3 sown for sure ... 
JLO & Pitbull thx for screwing Lambada an absolute cult from the 80's ... 
Daiichi is underplayed by Japanese Govt ... with over 18 nuclear plants in an area prone to seismic events the world awaits many Chernobyl's ... this is a warning to put brakes on our govt's aggressive nuclear power plans ... all sensible India's should protest and motivate the ones on the other side ... 
" Nuclear Accident Forces China Policy Review as India Sees Safety Backlash - Bloomberg . " Congress is bound to bloat the swiss accounts , don't foresee a major policy shift ... 
buy on all dips a sensible option , May is gearing up for a vrooooooooooooooooom 
the day your will & appetite to learn and evolve dies consider yourself dead ... 
Everything u want in life is waiting for u ... outside of ur comfort zone & .. inside of the Effort Zone ..! Just make a move ..!!! thx for this super sexo msg Ankit , love you for this 
Vincent ... killer lyrics ... 
Manmohan Singh ji you should start popping in Viagras that work ... time pe kutch kiya hota to Sonia ... no wonda she still misses quattrochi ... 
has silence talked enough ??? 
love they way american policies are shaping ... gaddafi's reaction to US pressure speaks volumes ... Israel v/s Iran will gain momentum soon ... love the way americans are steering towards oil ... 
if every height has its vertigo ... wondering what's the vertigo of your silence ... 
hope some day we really understand the real essence of colours - love & peace in all shades ... wishing all my friends a rocking Holi !!! 
wtf ... 
B+ 
Sabria S Jawhar is one of the " world's most influential Arabs " and her FB page has just 26 likes and twitter has 60 followers ... just shows how ignorant we are towards change , rather weak to embrace the bitter truth ... can we eva step out of our comfort zones and do something constructive ? it's time to change !!! 
silence at times is an answer provided it has clarity ... 
feels nice to a be student ... just luvd it ... why do we grow up at all ... 
election commission of India shud be under the direct supervision of the supreme court and its operations and policies shud be formulated , guided and evaluated by a consortium of consultants of Indian origin from all walks directly reporting to the supreme court and this group should be given the powers that pratibha patil has ... 
bret ki lee 
now thrash the bludy pakkis , bharat bund on 30th jai ho 
Indian Team Penalized by Animal Activists for Hunting 11 Kangaroos yday ... Team To Pay Penalty by Hunting 11 street dogs Next Wednesday . 
alternatives , dilemma , values , solution , strength , life , silence ... hope u solve this jigsaw someday here or hereafter !!! 
we are the champions of the world !!! 
pakistan- kasabistan- kabaadistan 
shahid is a gay ... his surname reads aaah free di ... 
gilani's fav song geela geela ... ha ha ha 
as a safety measure manmohan & sonia invited gilani ... ha ha ha 
Lawhohre now needs a BURKHA !!! 
am just too full now ... ny pakis for left over hot dogs ? lol ooooops obama just polished them ha ha ha 
GOD can do anything & everything but yawn , let's not deprive him any more ... 
rajnikant in stadium ... ab India ko rok sako to rok lo ... 
99 runs and poonam pandey treats us ... jaldi banao 
oye hoye kya feeeeel hai bosss sex on toast ... mwaaaaah mwaaaaaah 
euphoria is just a word ... the feeling is still sinking in ... wondering what you've done to me ... I guess you've bowled me ... it took you little over a month but then ... love you for being the best in the world !!! 
interpreting ... hope tangents align soon , for good ... it's time !!! 
wondering whose a bigger pessimist the one who creates negative words or the one who uses these words ... I guess the optimist who can't use these words ... I am confused , are you too ? 
if art is expensive then why are dictionaries cheap ? 
IF ... 
necessity is the mother of deception ... 
hunted & haunted ... 
the fact that India has one Anna Hazare is a proof strong enough for me to safely conclude that we are equally corrupt as the people in the corridors of power . Candle march and all that jazz has no real meaning till we change ... objectively speaking things will always be the same till we change ... it ' time !!! 
who the f**k says Indians our corrupt ... we just love Gandhi blindly , anything for him ... the day this love goes we'll be a sorted nation for sure ... till then just appreciate our love for Gandhi !!! 
it's clear as mud ... still !!! 
. 
the more i consume myself the more i want more of myself ... i am so sick of self love and i just love it ... mwaaaah 
strange ... 
growing up with your kid gives you the best possible zing in life ... thank God i am still a kid ... 
bloodshed also signifies birth & evolution , wondering why is it jut associated with killing & negativity ... our evolution starts with a passionate blood sport isn't it ... 
you don't go to sleep , you go towards sleep ... if something as natural & simple as sleeping has a process then what makes you think that ... i hope you got my point 
" Women who always play ' hard to get ' are very desirable to men " this is a myth busted by Elaine Walster . The fact is what's important for a man is that a woman is especially approachable to him over all other men ... learning time !!! 
Whenever u feel low , depressed or useless , remember that u r the same sperm that won a battle against a million others . :) 
sunset is a reality the day knows this ... sunrise is a reality the night knows this ... i happy i can see the moonset ... 
Lehman , CIT Group , Chrysler LLC were ICONS . at the time of filling for chapter 11 they all had a minimum total asset value of over $40 billion ... moral of the story a good vision and implementation ensure a rich bankruptcy ... ha ha ha 
manish tiwari there's no doubt that u r the biggest looser , a fckng moron who speaks all bull crap on public platforms , that u belong to the most corrupt political outfit , that u have no humility whatsoever & seriously have no moral right to talk about the welfare of India . fckr at least have the courtesy to respect people like anna hazare who are real heros of India ... plz shut up & go fck urself !!! 
A Frustrated Message from Rajnikant to all " Saalo ek hadh Hoti hai .... Yeh kaun likh raha hai ke Rajnikant ne apne Maa Baap ko Paida kiya ? " 
nothing better than revisiting your childhood ... off to Allahabad will be right back ... 
accumulative advantage v/s competitive advantage ... wondering where GOD swings .. his algorithms have perplexed me to the core ... 
you are being missed ... 
" A woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty . " 
— Rudyard Kipling 
Manmohan Singh Ji it's a shame that you are India's PM ... you have disgraced democracy ... 
Mr. Mahesh Jethmalani loved the way you raped and fckd Manish Tiwari on Times Now ... this is what every Indian should do whenever they hear traitors talk ... 
curtain raiser ? 
if will always be an if , if ... 
I know that I have to and I also know how to but the point is should I ... 
Love !!! the only emotion that we are born with has precursors today ... ha ha ha and to justify our moronic acts we create stories based on practicality , a term which has no existence practically speaking in this practical world ... ha ha ha 
fatima bhutto why are you taking so long to decide ... 
finally she agreed ... phew !!! 
shopping is the best stress buster ... 
osama killed in PAK ... won't be wrong if I preempt an attack from qaeda just to keep the terror brand alive !!! 
Americans & their govt had the balls to chase and gun down ... my blood boils each time i see the Indian govt react to acts that ... Manmohan Singh you have not only disgraced India but you have also brutally abused & massacred the essence of 5Ks ... go drown yourself in your sweat and pis if you can't do anything ... or just go get the bastar ** responsible for 26/11 even if it takes to rubble PAKISTAN ... 
taliban threatens to avenge ... 
sanctions on pak soon ... of course it's going to be a sham ... 
time is the worst invention of all times !!! 
Hafees Sayed , Imam Bukhari & ilk extend spiritual support to OSAMA ... wondering where are we heading ... 
