happy days . 
added a notes tab on her profile page a week ago ... then realised she's got nothin ' to say ! D-ohhhhhhh . 
just one thing : I have many tattoos . Now how the f*ck some dipwit girl could fall asleep whilst getting one on her face completely escapes me . TAKE RESPONSIBILITY for your choices , you immature dumb shit !!! Having 2nd thoughts and blaming the artist is th 
so she of the tattooed face admitted she lied ... What a fckn surprise . Ha ! I love it when I'm proven right . 
is smiling at the world , for no apparent reason beyond the sun is shining , and its nice to be alive . :) 
is wondering why her cat's got such a serious look on his face today ... 
fish-n-chips , OJ and Harry Potter on tv . Beautiful remedy for a hangover . 
" Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds . " - Albert Einstein . 
is just pondering on how much of a f*ckwit her ex is . And how maybe , just maybe ... she might be a wee tad too pissy to be updating her status on facebook right now . 
... all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibrational frequency , we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively . There is no such thing as death ; life is only a dream and we , are the imagination of ourselves . 
would just like to say that " Dance your Ass Off " is where she draws the fckin line as far as trashy tv is concerned ... nope . WONT be watchin ' that . 
... loving the kole beer . Don't know how these bloody queenslanders get by without it !!! 
bored . 
is trying to find anyone , ANYONE to come with her to the Hunter S Thompson tribute at the Globe tonight ... :( 
is like , whatever . 
is not interested in Mafia Wars , Street-racing or growing virtual f*ckin ' gardens !!! 
A three-headed , armless , one-legged man was hitch-hiking . A truck driver pulled over and said " allo , ' allo , ' allo - you look ' armless , hop on in ! HAHAAAAAAAAAA !!! 
thinks little boys aaaall across LA are breathing a collective sigh of relief , today ... Sorry , fans . 
Mmmmmm . Beer . 
Its either the computer speakers or my laptop's crappy graphic equaliser in windows media . Either way , if I don't figure it out soon ... one of them's going out the fckin ' window . 
is finding it increasingly difficult to find good books of the fantasy genre ( ie/ Eddings , Feist etc ) that I haven't already read ... suggestions , anyone ? 
Buy the ticket , take the ride ... 
no more drunk facebooking . NO MORE !!! 
Where is the romance ??? 
I'm boooooored !!! 
is , as of now , going to attempt to go one WHOLE week without checking in on facebook ... just to see if I actually can do it . Faaaaark ... 7 whole days ... well here goes - bye bye ! 
... yep . Pia hangs her washing out , and in comes an effing storm . 
Awwwwe , maaan ... SERIOUSLY ... I DON'T want any new f*cking applications !!! 
whoever said money won't bring you happiness was an idealistic fool . 
... everytime I try to figure out where I really want to be ; it's already where I am . :) ( Sugar !!! ) 
' s brain is taking a temporary leave of absence from her body . If you wish to leave a message , please do so , after the fuckin ' beep . Beep . 
I don't like Kings of Leon . There . I said it . 
would just like to say to those COCKHEADS that vandalised an animal shelter in Redcliffe : I don't believe in hell- but if there IS one , I fckin ' hope you eat shit , die , and rot there . Wankers . 
... to beer , or not to beer . That is the question . 
Miss Tara - you are a very , very bad influence on me ... 
went for a walk this arvo , and not just down to the shops to buy chocolate , but actually for the sake of EXERCISE !!! THEN had a green salad for dinner , because I genuinely FELT like eating one ! I don't think I know who I am anymore .. 
... it's still all about the Wild Stylee . 
... Guy Ritchie , you rock-n-rolla my world . 
Fri-i-day night , doo doo doo doooo be doo be doo doo doo doo ... oh hang on ... did i get my days mixed up there ??? ;P 
it's overcast outside ... so naturally , my electric car window has decided to jam whilst all the way down . Fckn fords . 
is in Toowoomba . Raiding the mother's fridge and kicking back on the couch . Oh . yeah . :) 
fiiiiinally has an ipod . Ive named her Princess , and she's my new best friend . :P 
has been coming up with excuses to sit outside so she can hear her neighbour practising on his clarinet ... sounds so beautiful . Would yelling out " encore " over the fence be an invasion of privacy ??? 
... don't u just love it when u pull up on your street , take a breath and think- someone's cooking something nice ... then go into your house and find thats where the delicious aroma's coming from ?!!! Mmmm . Bon apetite . 
LOL - Barak Obama , you're fcking tops ... Kanye IS a jackasse . :P 
Siiiigh . Over it . 
A lady came up to me on the street , pointed at my suede jacket and said , " Don't you know a cow was murdered for that jacket ? " I said " I didn't know there were any witnesses . Now I'll have to kill you too " . 
If something is " unsavoury " ... doesn't that mean it could actually be " SWEET " ??? Sweeeeeet ! Bring on the gambling , tequila shots and party madness , I say ... ;P 
is just feelin ' fckn pouty . Thats all . 
is back home with a tan but minus the hangover . Seems I'm growing up ... a bit . * she grins and pats herself on the back * . ;P 
Filthy . Fckn . Mood . 
... is thinking Daughtry may ACTUALLY be worse than Nickleback . If thats even possible ... 
" Only two things in the Universe are infinite . The Universe and Human Stupidity . But I'm still not sure about the Universe ... " - Albert Einstein . 
It's all about the Wild Stylee ... 
is mildly annoyed ... screw you guys , Im going out . 
... you really don't want to know . 
I don't have an attitude problem , you have a perception problem . 
feels like wallowing in the bad mood she's in for a while . Sounds kinda fun . Boo to f*ckn everything ... 
... beneath the stains of time the feelings disappear ... you are someone else , and I am still right here . What have I become , my sweetest friend ? Everyone I know goes away in the end . 
... shit of a week . 
Sure . A good friend will come bail you out of jail , but a true friend will be sitting right there next to you saying " Damn ... We Fucked Up . " ;P 
dislikes the idea of a dislike button . 
witnessed this earlier this evening : a car ... driving veeeery slowly , windows down , leash hanging out the passenger side , one very happy looking K-9 trotting along side on the footpath . That's one lazy-asse fckin ' way to walk the dog , eh ??? But I found it hilarious ! :) 
will be back in Perth in approx . T-minus- 4 weeks , and counting ... I'll be working in reception at my friend's tattoo studio for 2 weeks , so if anyone's thinkin ' of getting ink , come on down to Sacred Tattoos , East Freo , in about a month !!! Yaaay !!! :) 
Hung . Over . 
Off to Kristy's part-aaay . Better there than explaining our lack of lollies to the kiddies that come-a-calling . The last bunch didn't appear too impressed with the offer of fruit ... wonder why ? ;P 
... really not feeling so good . :( 
... NO soup for you ! NEXT !!! 
one week and a half til Perth touchdown ... woot woot ! :P 
... no , I don't WANT to play fuckn Mafia Wars !!! 
... 11:11 and 444 EVERYwhere I look these last few weeks . Wtf ?! 
" Know Thyself . " ... I'm baaaaaad . ;P 
... one more week ' til Perth . Yay . :) 
is loving her new bed . There is something totally cool about a four-poster . :) 
Hoooooome , James ! ( Well , as of tomorrow ... ) :P 
More ink . Tomorrow . :) 
... nooooo fcking phone credit . 
Fuck this feelin ' mopey bullshit ... a bottle of wine and the entire series of Black Books is my new agenda for the evening . :) 
... I'm with you , Harry . What the f*ck were the ' Hey Hey ' people thinking ?! 
Koo . Koo-koo catchooooo ! :P 
... kinda grumpy , a little bored , and very broke . Boo-de-fuckn-boo . 
is getting waaaay too old for this shit . 
is checking out the flights home to Perth and getting very , veeeery excited right now ... looks like I'll be there from 21st Nov . to 6th December - only 15 more sleeps ! Yeaaah !!! :P 
... scorpio men can be f*ckwits . :( 
WHO in Perth wants a kitten ??? They're gorgeous , in need of loving homes !!! C'mon , you KNOW you wanna ! :P 
What . Fckn . Ever . 
... " Things appeared different and the way back not apparent . " 
" Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the curious attractiveness of others . " - Oscar Wilde . 
is sick and actually just teared up over a lame-asse midday christmas movie ... 
Ok , Church . Love your billboard . Soooo - you've finally noticed sex sells . Sweet ... so what's next ? Skimpy mormons a door-knocking ??? BRING IT ON !!! ;) 
is asking herself why she persists in eating chocolate when she has no sense of taste right now . 
Head-cold . Dammit . :( 
... half-cut on bundy rum , running around an acre of backyard , in the rain , trying to round up a stray domestic turkey - who happens to have wondered into Mum's yard on CHRISTMAS FUCKING DAY of all days !!! And now my step-father has built an impromtu enclosure for it because Mum loves animals and wants to keep it as a pet ! Classic . I LOVE my family . :P 
Frankly , my dears , when it comes to who Tiger has f*cked , I don't give a damn !!! 
Pia's useless trivia fact #9857 ... brushing your teeth with orange flavoured toothpaste STILL makes orange-juice taste like shit when you drink it straight after . For some reason , I thought that might have changed . 
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit . Noooo ... you don't say ? 
Back in Brisbane . Dammit . 
is infatuated ... with her new ipod nano . This looks to be the beginning of a beautiful relationship ... :P 
Am I excited about NYE ? Meh . I'm all for low-key this evening . And that's what I'm going to get . Local pub , beers , and walking distance home ... maaan that sounds lame ! Fuck ! Maybe I AM getting old ! HAPPY NEW YEAR , ALL !!! And from me , a personal good riddance to 2009 - what a shite year ! 2010's gonna be everything ' 09 was not . And there u go : thats my resolution right there . :P 
is thinking Sleeping Beauty had it pretty good . 100 years of sleep sounds awesome right now ... and then to be woken up with a kiss from a handsome prince ? That'd just be the icing on the cake . ;) 
BEST NYE I've had in ages ! This is going to be a fantastic year , I can FEEL it !!! :) 
Pia's useless trivia fact #9856 ... people who are more prone to mosquito bites also have a higher resistance to contracting malaria . True story . :P 
Ok , ok . So , what's the difference between Santa and Tiger Woods ? Well , Santa stops at THREE ho's . Ho ho ho HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooo !!! 
... the first thing anyone who really knows me would think if I sent them one of those " how well do you know me ? " quizzes is : what the F*CK's she sending me this quiz for . 
wisdom teeth coming in . F#*k . 
working day over , shoes off , feet up and beer in hand make Pia a happy lady . :) 
just realised ' flipping the bird ' at that cockroach in the kitchen probably didn't offend it much . 
thinks Pictionary and alcohol go together really , really well . :P 
' Agent of Evolution : The Bill Hicks Story ' . Written by Kevin Booth . Retails at approx . $40 . My birthday coming up . Hint . Hint . 
was about to head out and do some shit ... then Oprah pulled me back onto the couch . Damn her !!!! 
Started my new job today and it is tops , and my kitten gets here from Perth on the weekend ! Happy , happy , happy . LOVING 2010 . :) 
it's alllllll good . :) 
Yep . 2010 is still tops for me ... :) 
... as far as moods go , this one's pretty damn filthy . :( 
do not whistle at me dickhead I am not a fucking dog . 
just watched ' Merchant of Venice ' . Portia , you are TOPS !!! 
" One should never listen . To listen is a sign of indifference to one’s hearers . " Oscar Wilde . 
would just like to say goodbye again to the OneStop Entertainment crew . You are THE best group of people I've ever worked with in my life !!! I'M GONNA MISS YOU GUYS !!! ROCK on , kids . Do keep in touch . :) xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
today discovered the futility of trying to change bed sheets when there's a kitten in the room . LOL . :P 
is wondering how in the hell she managed to lose a thong when walking home pissed from her neighbour's place last night - and not have noticed its absence from her foot at the time . 
... some people really , REALLY piss me off . 
... meh . I got nothin ' . :) 
" Between saying and doing many a pair of shoes have been worn out . " Italian proverb . :) 
is returning to Zen Do Kai training on monday after a 5 year break !!! Ouch . It . is . gonna . hurt . ( But only in a good way I'm sure ... at least , that's what I'm telling myself ! ) :P 
has had an alcohol free day . Very un-patriotic , I know ... but when I'm at work tomorrow minus the f*cking hangover , who'll be laughing then , ayeeee ? ;P 
One cat to the vet on Saturday , the other booked in tomorrow . :( 
is wondering where her custom-designed Bill Hicks top is - it was posted on the 19th ! I wanted to wear it in his honour tomorrow ... it says " Whatcha readin ' for ? " Classic , yes ? :P 
Its a beeee-autiful day . :P 
just saw that her baby sister is a Bill Hicks fan . Blood and good taste run true , it seems . ;P 
I don't know which is worse : the fact that I spent the morning watching kiddie tv programs ' cause I was too hungover to go to Blockbusters for a dvd ... or the fact that I really enjoyed them . 
Thankyou wonderful people for all the birthday wishes !!!! They must have worked ' cause I had a great day . :) xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Aaah , Prince Phillip , you've done it again . Seriously can't someone put a f*cking muzzle on this inbred dipshit ??? Idiot . 
Gone , but never forgotten . We salute you , Bill . Your memory lives on in our hearts . Thanks for the laughter and the insight you shared ... thanks for the ride . RIP . 
" Before you criticise someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way , when you criticise them , you're a mile away and you have their shoes . " 
Twilight saga : the story of a young woman's choice between bestiality or necrophilia ... ( heard on the radio ) . LOL . 
Have a great day tomorrow , y'all!!! :) xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
may actually beat Fatcat to bed tonight ... :( 
is trying not to swear at her ipod ... 
finally has her copy of Kevin Booth's ' Agent of Evolution ' ; and just found , and is downloading as we speak , TMO's ' The Alligator Festival ' on itunes !!! Happy . Fuckin ' . Day !!! :) 
Inglorious Basterds was kinda shit ... 
took the leap and resigned from my job yesterday ... bigger and better things , y'all ... bigger and better things . :) 
saw ' Red Baron ' today and would like to say that German actor Matthias Schweighofer would have to be THE most beautiful man on earth . OMG . ;P 
has managed to wake up not with a hangover , but with a head-cold . And with no phone now , ' cause it seems it didn't like being accidentally dropped in a glass of vodka redbull last night . Boo . Hiss . Screw this , I'm going back to bed . :( 
Goddammit , NAB . Get ur shit together . :( 
... is it just me , or has facebook gone quiet lately ??? 
is very , veeeery chuffed because she has a date with an incredibly lovely Brazillian guy this weekend !!! Sucker for an accent . :P 
Public transport sucks bottom . So does whoever side-swiped my car on the weekend ... ( whaaat , no bloody note ??? ) , leading to my car being in the shop , and my having to catch trains to work . Boo hoo . Thank f*ck I was insured . 
Got my Muse ticket !!! YAAAY ! Happy days . 
bit pissy . That is all . 
2011 WILL see me having the first two chapters , a synopsis and publishing interest in my novel ... WORD . Have a fantastic night , beautiful people . xxx 
' s mission for this morning : take $20 and trawl the local op-shops for cool shit . :P 
I found out yesterday my awesome Mum's going back to Perth for a couple of weeks next July ... and is shouting my return flights too !!! HOMEWARD BOUND , woot woot !!! Hey , it's only 10 months away and that'll flyyyyyyyyyyy by , aiyee ??? :D ( PS - you're tops , Mum xxx ) . 
Storey Bridge Hotel , anyone ? ;P 
Go home and watch tv 2night , or go 2 a private house party where Thirsty Merc are playing in the backyard ? Hmmm ... decisions ... ( NOT ! lol ! ) :D 
... cannot find a set of Titanias Fortune Cards online for sale ANYwhere in Australia !!! Even f*cking Dymocks are out of stock until December ... whaaAAAT tha ??? 
OOOOH my fckn GOD . Slash , Fergie , Cyprus Hill : Paradise City . LOVE it !!! 
" So you're afraid of women , and insects ... Ladybugs must render you catatonic ! " - Sheldon , TBBT . LOL . ;P 
OI RUDDY !!! Smoking's no longer the lead cause of death in Australia - OBESITY is . Go stick ya fucking health tax on Big Macs and LEAVE US SMOKERS ALONE !!! Its not enough that we're the lepers of modern australian society ??? You've lost my respect . Assehole . 
... anything worth knowing is hard to learn . Greek proverb . 
" Only the shallow know themselves . " - Oscar Wilde . 
Hung . Over . And off to work . Woop-de-fcking-doo-dah ! 
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit . 
Noooo ... you don't say ? 
HOMER !!! Don't drink and drive !!! - D-oh OKAAAY ! I'll only drive between sips ... 
is honoured and amused by the fact her tattooist friend has the artwork he did on her leg as his profile pic !!! My left inner calf is famous !!! lol ;P 
is rather happy to hear that Muse is touring in December ... WOOT WOOT !!! :P 
I don't need enemies , I have myself ... 
Aaaaargh !!! Ipod crashed ! Whaaat tha ??? :( 
is a remarkably well-preserved creature of the night ... 
has decided to learn Portuguese . So there . Ciao . ;P 
would just like to announce that she and her iPod have resolved their former issues , and their relationship is now stronger and more loving than ever . I love you , iPod . ;P 
is wondering what the origin of the word " Amen " is . Does it pre-date christianity by any chance ??? Any smarty-pants out there who can tell me ? ;P 
Siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh . Bored , now . 
Don't liberate me . I'll take care of that ... ;D 
Bazinger . That is all . ;P 
Still , STILL no power ... :( 
... random . Random , random , random . My new word for the week . ;D 
Goddamit ... Toowoomba is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO cold !!! 
is stranded at home with no fcking car , no fcking power and no fcking beer . :( 
McLaren's remedy for a shitasse muggy day : 1 . go 2 mate's place & jump in their pool . 2 . place cold beer in hand . 3 . repeat . 
feels like a beer ... 
seriously , it wouldn't be THAT irresponsible to tell my work to go fuck themselves and walk out now , would it ??? 
my head hurts and I've had this cold for nearly 3 weeks now . :( 
would just like to throw it out to the Universe and her angels , and say " I love your work , guys ... love it . Keep it up . " :D 
had the best day eva . Managed to eat my spiciest food yet , AND did my first interviews ever at work - yay for me ! 
is feelin ' happy in her hoody on a Friday ... 
stoopid , STOOPID Mr Taxman ... 
Headin ' to Sydney for my birthday weekend in March ... plane tickets paid and all . woot woot ! 
TBBT quote - Leonard : you catch more flies with honey than vinegar ... Sheldon : yeah , well you catch more than either of them using manure - so what's your point ??? 
Met some f*ckn cool and seriously funny crew last night , got just a tad merry , and then suffered through hell at work today as a consequence ... but ya get that . Still was worth it though . ;P 
is totally smitten with her new phone .... definitely won't be dropping THIS one in a glass of vodka redbull !!! 
cannot stress enough how cool op-shops are , or how tops she reckons the vintage brass ashtray/stand with spinning-top she got for $5 is ... groovy . :P 
Gettin ' my macbook on tuesday ... WOOT WOOT !!! 
the goldfish at work seems to be dying despite our efforts to save it . NOT happy !!! :( 
is seriously considering beer as a remedy for chronic boredom this afternoon . 
has switched to Mac , and ain't going back . :P 
... " Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the curious attractiveness of others . " - Oscar " the Demi-god " Wilde . 
F*ck I dunno man ; its all just f*ckn random , to me ... 
only one more episode of Sherlock ?? whaaat ? :( 
... make that the Normanby ;P 
Happy Birthday Bill Hicks , wherever u are . 
bah , humbug . 
Sunny day , blue skies , and yet , eerily , the water still inches higher ... :( 
Have a good night , peoples !!! ;P 
just put fuel in her car , then remembered she left her keycard at her friend's place on NYE . Smart , yes ? 
is bunking down with her cats at a friend's place , and hoping the water doesn't rise much further than it has already ... 
its stoopid , and i dont know WHAT brings it on , but i'm feelin ' a little homesick . :( 
Irritated . Annoyed . Cynical . Antagonistic . Yeah , maybe it's PMS , but maybe it's just the simple fact that sometimes , ofttimes , people across the board can be total f*ckstains ... and I'm fuckn over it . :( 
Quote of the day : " If karma doesn't hit you soon trust me , I fucking will ... " lol . ;D 
my thoughts are with you , Karratha crew . 
cannot help but wonder whether Deception Bay is all that it appears to be ... 
is pretty chuffed today ... wonderful new opportunities are now dawning on the horizon . So do I embrace them , or do I succumb to being shit-scared of imminent changes and shadows of self-doubt ? Hmmm . Fuck it . My arms are open wide ... :D 
Woot f*ckn woot . ;P 
Little sad about leaving the last job , little excited about starting the new one monday ... Aaaaah , life . Endings and beginnings , beginnings and endings ... part of the fun , I guess . ;) 
Started my new job today , it's my birthday tomorrow , and off to Sydney fri for a long weekend ... woot woot ! :P 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , beautiful peoples !!! :D xxx 
" Only the shallow know themselves . " - Oscar Wilde . :) 
fractured fckn foot . d-oh ! 
" Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass ... it's about learning how to dance in the rain ... " 
Siiiiigh . To pub or not to pub , that is the question . Can't really be bothered - but it's only 100 metres away and f*ck I'm bored right now ! :( 
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit . Noooo ... you don't say ? ;D 
So . Damn . Bored . :( 
has a craving for rocky-road chocolate , but that wld involve leaving the house . f*ck . 
" every time I try to figure out where I really wanna be - it's already where I am ... " -System of a Down . ;D 
shit-asse day . f*ck . :( 
t-minus 45 minutes and counting ... 
kickin ' back in ol ' Toowoomba town . 
$200 flights to Perth . tempted . 
meh . no more beer and work tomorrow . g'night , sweet world ! :P 
spag-bol . mmmm . :P 
is re-reading Good Omens , ' cause sometimes life is just shit and ya need a good laugh . 
my plan for the long weekend involves a lot of chocolate and a lot of Entourage episodes ... 
BEER me . 
fuck some people shit me . 
is watching an old Gene Kelly movie on TV . Aaah , Gene ... talented , cheeky , yet such a gentleman . Why can't there still be men like that around today ? :( 
heartburn ... damn you , Bundy rum , DAMNNNNN youuuuuu ! ;P 
f*ck having the blues . :( 
... I'm not insane . My mother had me tested . ;P 
just got a lecture on smoking from an extremely hot doctor ... so hot i'd almost listen to him ! Maybe . If he gave me his phone number ... ;D 
is cooking bangers and mash for dinner , ' cause that's just what suits the weather today . 
First day today in my new role , at the new office branch I'm now based in ... and it was TOPS . Happy days . :D 
beer time . 
is kicking back at home and resting her long suffering foot . I guess two nights of drinking's probably not too good on a still partially healing fracture . D-oh ! I'm a doofus . :/ 
can resist anything but temptation ... ;P 
Fakt 372 . The trouble with nude dancing is that not everything stops when the music does . Harvie Krumpet . 
Hmmmm ... somehow it's just not enough , is it . 
* yawn , stretch * . What a nice afternoon . I think I'll head to the pub . :) 
" Between two evils , I always pick the one I never tried before . " 
Mae West . 
AAAArgh !!! How do I delete that STUPID fucking profile spam thing ?!!! Sorry if it's been posted on your walls ... grrrr . 
is downloading " American : The Bill Hicks Story " as we speak ... 
... and we're done ! ' American : The Bill Hicks Story ' is now downloaded , and happily residing in my itunes library . * happy sigh * . Now I can sleep . :) 
... the one thing I know is that chicks dig jerks . 
is feelin ' happy in her hoody on a friday . :D 
... don't take any guff from those swine . 
jacks and a beautiful arvo in Surfers Paradise . what a day . :) 
... is getting drunk the answer ? No ... but it makes me forget the question . 
is bawling her eyes out . Damn you , stoopid " Stepmom " movie . 
it should be illegal to have to get out of bed on a monday in this kind of weather . 
Once again , i've eaten too much and feel as though i could go into hibernation for 6 months right now ... 
ipod's gone flat - no more tunes at work today . * sigh * . 
" Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to explain the curious attractiveness of others ... " Oscar Wilde 
" ... the guy has the mental stability of a bag of rats in a burning meth lab . " 
