is going to happily play Sims 3 on her brand new computer . Yay =D 
" No self . No problem , " said the Buddhist Master when asked to explain the deeper meaning of Buddhism . 
YES !!! Gaara is finally back in the manga ! Ugh ... it's ridiculous how long I've been waiting for this . 
Just ran two races for tacos . I'll be having two free lunches on my opponent . Yum ! 
Looking for a new job . Any ideas ? 
" Air Gear " is so good , it is ridiculous . 
When one door closes 5 others open :P 
????????? ???? ???? ???? ???????? ??? ?????? ??????. ?????? ????? ??????????. :p 
Everyone who is adding me in yoville , soririty life , etc ... join me in the Perfect World online instead ... That game is way more beautiful =P 
is sick =( 
I don't know why I love to make fun of myself so much ... =D 
For Thanksgiving I skipped the turkey and went straight to running/martial arts/yoga , after which I thanked God for giving me such a nice body . 
" In the Bible , it says that God created the world and saw that it was good . That is what you see when you look from stillness without thought . " - Tolle 
It's no fun being sick =( 
Yay ... i'm off work and wishing everyone a happy new year ! xD 
Pain is inevitable . Suffering is optional . 
It is official . Doing yoga on top of a mountain is awesome ! xD 
How do I say no to constantly eating yummy cake at my house ? I dunno ... you tell me T.T 
What does " freely chosen cadence " in cycling mean ? >.< 
The air we breathe today will be breathed by someone on the opposite side of the world tomorrow . 
? ?????? ???????? ????????, ?? ????????, ? ?????????, ?? ??????. 
Seriously ... Why does ORANGE JUICE puts stuff like " Meets American Heart Association food criteria for saturated fat and cholesterol " on their containers ? Like oranges would have any fat to begin with -.- What they should really check is the amount of sugar in those juices ... 
I will not ever ever EVER give up ! 
believes that there will be a day when people will truly understand one another ^.^ 
I swear , " Real " is the most inspiring work of fiction I have ever read . 
By cultivating friendliness towards happiness and compassion towards misery , gladness towards virtue and indifference towards vice , the mind becomes pure - Yoga Sutras of Patanjali 
Woot !!! Finals are over ! xD 
had a nighmare about big , fluffy , white rabits hunting her down . :( 
??? ?????, ??? ??? ??????????. ????? ?????? ???????, ??????? ????? ?? ????. ? ?? ?????? ???. / Everybody knew , it was impossible . Then came a person , who didn't know that . And he did it . 
I love the sky . No matter how big my problems appear , I just look up and the sky's vastness dwarfs them right away ^.^ 
Must ... finish ... assignment ... my brain .. is ... falling .... asleep ........... 
Prince of Persia was awesome ! xD 
So , I calculated from my food diary that I eat on average of 2200 kcal a day . On some days I even eat 2700 kcal of food =o Should I be worried , or accept the beast within ? xD 
" If we can learn to let go of the idea of days , hours , time we can learn to truly appreciate THE MOMENT . " Very very true ... Especially once you realize that THIS ( and any other ) moment will never ever EVER repeat itself . You only get one shot to enjoy it :) 
Lazy is efficient in almost every case . 
So many things become easier in life once we learn to stop getting in our own way :) 
If your life right now doesn't make you want to smile , you need to change it until it does . 
Migue is a lactopescooctobeefoporcolambogoatopaultro vegetarian ! 
A lesson without pain is meaningless . That's because you cannot gain something without sacrificing something else in return . But , once you've withstood pain and overcame it , you will gain a heart that is stronger than anything else . A Fullmetal heart . 
??????? 
My bamboo seed has germinated ! YESSSS !!! xD 
Love does not want or fear anything . 
I was gonna exercise , but ... should I eat instead ? 
We are all created by this world . However , while living in it , we , ourselves , create it too . 
This tuesday ... finally . 
Funny . Everytime I let go of something that I think I need , I seem to discover something else that is much more important . I guess , this is what growing up means :) 
Break-a-la ! I is in a good mood this evening :) 
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing , there is a field . I will meet you there . ” 
OH NO !!! I completely messed up the due dates ! So now I have to do 2 weeks worth of work in 1 . Ok ... I can do this ! * faints * 
Sometimes , the hardest thing is not to keep fighting , but to let go . 
" Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible be found in us . " - When Things Fall Apart 
" When the power of love overcomes the love of power , the world will know peace . " - Hendrix 
:/ 
is currently braindead o.o 
Thank you for everything 
" Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth . " When Things Fall Apart . 
Allnighter , here I come :) 
What's the point ? 
Well , I want to fail ! It is in my failures that my humanness lies , not in role-playing a socially constructed ideal . 
" What would it take to make your mom perfect ? " " Diet . You know , her hair . I'd diet , maybe blue . " LMAO ! Thank you Lena for a good laugh xD 
