Honky Tonk Badonkadonk ! 
AJAGJMATG . JMDATJGMATJAJMD 
katie price's first book " crystal " out sold every other book by over 38,000 copies . im sorry but does that not say that something is very very wrong with society today lol . bad times :) 
chocolate is very very bad :( 
no :( my boy is in the bottom 2 grrrrrrrr ! 
wellllllllllll fancies stiffler yum yum ! 
is an auntie to the wee beauty Paige Murphy :D well done sisssss love ya :) x 
being in the house alone all night on halloween does not appeal to me :( 
creep !!!!! 
jonaan bread 
booze & pizza tonight yessur . 
so if i hurt your feelins its just because im .... lalalalalalaaaa friskyyyyy ! <3 
dont you just hate it when a smack head pokes u on the shoulder 
hahaha wee granny on jezza getin her baps out .. boke ! 
Thank fuck that stupid prick is out :-) 
same bday as Steve-o . this has made my day :) 
hangover finally gone !! thank fuck :) gona snuggle up on da couch watch some Lie to me :D mm tim roth <3 
" oh we will have a gay time ! and i do mean gay as in festive not penetration up the bum " 
rip bernard matthews . ur chicken drummers will live on forever :) 
doughboy the three legged hamster <3 
" listen lois I know youre a feminist and I think thats adorable , but this is grown up time and im the man " gota love him haha 
is it just me or is it attempting to snow outside :o 
what kind of loser freakazoid hacks into your facebook !!!! argh creep 
soooo much pain :( my back is actually ready to snap lol :( 
stuck up bitch !!!! 
chocolate chocolate chocolate :D <3 
just bought a pair of gloves and they stink of cat or sumfin pml yuck :( 
going to see paranormal activity with Lesley Adams .. woohoooo it better be scary :) 
ughhh so not well :( i need a cupasoup and a cuddle : L 
me- why are u on a behaviour card ? 
wee brother - bcos i speak the truth . the teachers do not own me . hahaha 
Why is a Christmas tree better than a man ? 1 . it is always erect . 2 . even small ones give satisfaction . 3 . it stays up for 12 days and nights . 4 . it always looks good - even with the lights on . 5 . it is always happy with it's size . 6 . it has cute balls . 7 . it doesn't get mad if u break one of its balls . 8 . you can throw it out when its past its " sell by date " . 9 . you dont have to put up with it all year :) 
Lesley Adams <3 x 
max branning is one sexy mother fucker ! 
snobby mcsnobster 
back is totally and completely fucked :( 
anybody know anywhere thats lookin for jobssssssss ? :) 
like a big bad wolf im born to be bad and bad to the boneeeee ! i love taio cruz <3 
if this one gets hacked i give up :) 
poontang 
if u think about it , really , chicken and mushroom pot noodles taste nothin like chicken or mushroom ... 
a sneeze is one eighth of an orgasm . 
hmmm what to watch blade runner or spongebob ? ... spongebob it is . patrick is my hero 
yayyyyyy i love xmas :) 
fancies the bald speccy one out of masterchef .... defo my most embarassin fancyman yet pml : L 
nothin like watchin sex and the city to cheer a girl up :D loooove it <3 
considerin applyin for xfactor nxt year .. just so i can get a feel of dermots ass . what a hottie :) 
drunkyyyy tomoro night with Hannah Livingston :D x 
" know what the secret of puttin makeup on ? spray some hairspray on yer face " :-| 
Paul friel gets turned on by the AOL woman voice hahahaha wat a dork :-) 
i wish i was a rapper so i could share my experiences with da hoez 
fuck me that xbox kinect takes it right out you lol : ¡ 
everybody knows bodger loves MASHED POTATOES !!! 
Alfie moon :D <3 
the sound has completely disappeared from ma computer ... how do i get it back :( 
hmm think am gona watch kevin bridges dvd since its apparently the funniest thing of all time lol better be good :) 
asda brownies are the most amazin things in the world . 
mmmmmmmmmmmm wagon wheels nomnomnom 
exampleeeeeeeeeeee <3 
loves da hoes . 
abby clancey oftttt ! 
why do some people feel the need to say really nasty shit to people jst to make themselves feel better . unreal :| 
80 days til santa cums oooooooh :D how fast has this year went :o 
anyone know what this means lol .... mi mandi l amicizia 
doughboy <3 s cheese and onion crisps 
" the good ones screw you , the bad ones screw you , and the rest dont know how to screw you . " 
this is what will happen if u aint givin ur girl wat she needssss ;-) 
soooooo happy i am :) 
boys are sucky . 
some people need to learn how to smile !! 
so sore and tired ! fallin down the stairs last night was not the wisest move haha want my beddybyesssssss 
why is my name back to front hahaha 
get the heeeeellll outa heeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
my hangover has decided to reappear . wtf :| 
sooo wants to see the new paranormal activity 
hurry up sis and give me my wee baby niece ! :) ahh so excited <3 
noel edmonds is a creep 
Thomas Young is treating me to a mcdonalds tomorrow how kind of him 
my mum makes the best dinners ever when im hungover cos she knows i cant fuckin eat it :( very gay . 
bored :( 
awwww usher knows how to do it ! Ha <3 
dawn of the dead is the best film everrrrr ! 
well fancies beyonce 
psycho psycho psycho 
wtf has happened to my voice . sound like a sheep 
aka the creep magnet . 
anybody know if buses are runnin 2day ? 
my god ! matt cardle im in love <3 
needs to learn how to say no to her fridge . 
' am stoppin smokin aswell and spendin all ma money on fuckin drink and drugs ' hahaha aw lesley made my day lol 
Aka iron arse 
watchin a snoop dogg video on youtube , n beside it is a video called " ANAL SEX - how to make her REALLY want it " hahaha 5 million views aswell : L 
dont u just love it when u buy 17 quid foundation and lose it the next day :) 
hey boyyyyy a realy wana be with you cos ur just my type ooh na na na naaaaaa ! 
wish u could take a bit out ur memory and completely delete it ... they should do that in cosmetic surgery places :D 
mmmmmmmm thai sweet chili sensations yum :) 
999 .. i like it how we used to talk yeeeeears ago and u used to show me all ur raps !!! do u remember ? hahaha :) 
get that old mary to fuck ! 
blade runner :) harrison ford mmm too hot for words haha 
you know times are bad when ur 12 year old brother smokes ! 12 !!!! 
" im going to pull ur head off . because i dont like your head " 
" in jealousy there is more self-love than love " ... so true . remember that ! :) 
hates boring wkends :( 
wall-e <3 melts ma wee heart lol 
finally gettin heatin in my room today !! last 2 months have been brutal :| 
" nobody can hurt me without my permission " :) 
lol at doughboy the hamster making his bed in a tampon box hahaha poor wee fucker : L 
To Catch a Predator gives me the creeps :( bunch of weirdo perverts ! 
why is it that we sound so fuckin ridiculous on the tele ? 
i want to get so drunk that i cant even walk . 
feel like shit . i need pizza 
im goin off the rails on a crazy traaaain ! 
dont u just hate fake bitches :) i do :) 
why does my wall sound like a tickin bomb everytime a put ma heater on :| is this normal lol ? 
who knows me 
best .. my full name ? , age ? , primary school ? , high school ? , month of 
my birthday ? , eye colour ? , favourite food ? , mums name ? , copy and 
paste this and see who knows you best ? 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same , for the NSPCC . Until Monday ( December 6 ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . 
hmmmmmmm arsehole !! 
actually just want my bed !! 
flowers are essentialy sluts . prostitutes for the bees hahaha 
my mum jst put a bit of cucumber in the fishtank ... is she losing it 
cant stop eating . i love food . all of it every single bit . except mushrooms 
chocolate completes me . 
69 .. i like it how ur one of the nicest most genuine guys I know , and i LOVE the fact you used to buy my booze ! 
webuyanycar.com .... FUCK OFF !!! 
Yasssss :D Nicolo in the final 3 :D :D 
" is it that we are romantically challenged or are we just sluts " 
the untouchables <3 kevin costner and andy garcia yes please ha :) 
never drinkin again !! :) 
lol at the big gay dinosaur in toy story haha love it :) 
wheres the partaaaaaay ? :) 
chunky legs thunder thighs big banana feet 
is it possible for hoovers to explode ? 
worst . mood . ever !! 
" am starvin " .... " fancy some meat ? " you disgust me :) 
' u cunt suck baws ' hahaha tam young is an alcholic that needs HELP ! 
barbara streisand . 
Hannah Livingston is a moth 
awww man if u havent seen Unstoppable , watch it ! amazing :| 
woohoo hangover finally gone :D 
looks like the cowell won this year lol 
this is sad :( One suicide victim who committed suicide by jumping from the Golden Gate Bridge left behind a note saying : “I’m going to walk to the bridge . If one person smiles at me on the way , I will not jump . ” ... so next time u pass someone on a bridge u should smile :) 
feels like casper the ghost rite now . 
I don't advise a haircut man . All hairdressers are in the employment of the government . Hairs are your aerials . They pick up signals from the cosmos , and transmit them directly into the brain . This is the reason bald-headed men are uptight .... funniest film ever :) 
for anyone wantin to lose weight . drink green tea !! i swear i am the greediest bitch alive n since ive been drinkin it i never want to eat . well good . so drink that if ur slightly too fond of the pies 
love love love the butterfly effect never gets old :) 
im a vampire 
mmmmmmmm i love burger king . and Lesley Adams <3 
take that <3 love of my life haha 
lookin forward to tomorrow night :) wee booze yessur ! 
lol at that burd on the cube . wat an idiot : L 
I LOVE VODKA ! 
bet u didnt know u could get high off a banana 
tonsillitis is PISH !!!! cant eat anything :( 
love soggy prawn crackers for breakfast 
oh marti pellow . another old man crush to add to my list hahaha 
shutter island <3 best film ! 
i want me a Josh Homme . <3 
eww paedo ticket man on the train chattin up a wee girl ... boke ! 
just seen a guy od on that ross kemp's extreme world ... scary stuff . 
hottie on deal or no deal ! yum 
crappy mood ! i want chocolate :) 
girl on channel4 feels so proud for takin out her hair extensions on tv as if it was the end of the world ... argggggg ! get a brain . 
godfather sesh here i come 
Just cried watchin masterchef ... what a gimp . 
titp cant wait :D 
jason manford cyber cheatin on his mrs :o booooo even the good ones are doin it ! : L 
some people are takin this whole red hair trend to new levels ... any brighter could do some damage to our eyes ha . 
And if you find yourself with some you sexy thing , Youre gonna have to do her with your ding-a-ling . cause you cant say penis ! 
think ive broke ma arm playin the ps3 move ... ouuuuch 
its so erotic when your makeup runs ... porcupine tree <3 thankyou Steven Duffy haha . 
martyrs is the most disturbin film i have ever seen ... love it ha :) 
me and Hannah Livingston getting drunky tonight wooooo :D x 
some things never change ! 
whos seen natural born killers ? is it gd ? 
loveeeeee take thats new song :D yaaaaaaaay robbie <3 
Bill and Teds bogus journey what a film :D 
i want a bentley ! 
gonna watch a serbian film see if its really that bad ... 
i just love watching songs of praise on a sunday 
shes like heroin sipping through a little glass 
jeremy clarkson i honestly am in love with you . 
ughhhhh wish people would mind their own business !!! 
figured out the PERFECT tattoo ... now just need the money for it haha . 
think im mentally scarred after watchin A serbian film ... 
baton courtesy , service with a smile ! 
road trip to france in july hellooooo :) 
Pasta is so deceiving ... 
Liam Gallagher is a wank . 
looking forward to this wkend :) 
hate hate hate when i let the dog out the back at night n he pure runs n barks at somethin ahhhhhh scary :( 
watching American Gangster . Loooove ! 
feel bad for all the sheep outside :( they must be freezin !! 
irn bru sugar free ... so gay . 
Logan's Run is legend . creeps me out tho :| 
' sex and the city ? Thats about four hookers and their mom right ? ' hahaha 
no good can come from having long nails . total danger hazard lol 
going to see Yogi Bear with Rachel McDowall :) :) 
Do people that pick their nose sittin at traffic lights think you cant see them or somethin ? 
Banana banana banana teracotta banana teracotta teracotta PIE ! 
Yogi Bear was good :D now stocked up on the cakes and chocolate for tonite :D 
no . fucking . way 
still up eatin cake . Fatty !! 
Just played who can eat a donut the fastest game with rachel and liam . Nobody could finish a donut . 
palmers cocoa butter mmmmmmmm smells so good i could eat it ! 
ten minutes in hannahs and its a bombsite already haha whooops 
good night . no hangover . loooovely 
what time do chinese places open at im Hungary 
Jezza clarkson my hero :) 
PIZZA PIZZA PIZZA :) :) 
Rambo :D 
i hate greggs . 
worst night of ma life ! NEVER eat a chicken salad sandwich from greggs . wanks :( 
ahhh feels amazin bein able to eat again ! i love you food . <3 
I would marry karl pilkington just for the laughs :) 
well fancies jack black in shallow hal :) 
" you are an animal !... im not an animal . im a whore " 
lost half a stone in a week ... Yuck ! makin a maaassive munch :D 
' in the valley of penises ' hahaha 
Just said somethin to ma wee brother n he said ' ur a woman . Ur opinion doesnt matter here . ' hahaha 
that story on the news about Corporal Liam Tasker and his wee dog Theo ... actually breaks ma heart ! so so sad :( 
ian beale repulses me 
doughboyyyyyy <3 ice cube u legend . 
how can u lose somethin you had 2 minutes ago ? where the fuck can it actually go ... this is hurtin my head . 
i love cake . 
tinie tempahhhhhhhhh <3 
playin cod ... hahaha what a joke ! 
my wee Paige is the most gorgeous girl in the world ! awww love her ! :) 
drink drink drink drink ! 
why so cold !!!!! :( 
gettin up at half 6 is going to be a struggle hahaha 
fish sticks 
i am fucked . 
what film should i watch :) ? 
nothin beats a bit of top gear on a sunday :) 
Rambo numero 2 :D love love love ! 
Happy independence day to us singles with allllll the freedom haha ! :) 
i think i want to learn to drive and become rich just to buy the enhanced GT-R . uhhh im in love . 
ma hoover has just made my room smell like supernoodles ? 
how amazin was brum :) beep beep ! 
americans are idiots . 
best mood ! :) 
hmm die hard sesh tonight ! hellooooo bruce willis ;) 
wants to marry gordon ramsey 
high on vagisil 
Die hard i loooove you <3 
mmm cheese n donner pizza . My day is complete 
:) :) :) :) 
shazaaaaaaaam . 
crazy mothafuckas walkin about with shorts ... its freeeeezing !!! 
is it too early for a vodka ? hmmmmmmm :) 
2 vodkas n hannahs on her arse 
" want me to tickle your feet ? " ... " dont i might like it . " hahaha 
wagner ... marry me ? 
despite everything that is shite right now i am one happy bunny :) 
take that i love you :) 
woooooooo matt defo deserved to win that :) .. excluding wagner that is <3 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is the fear of long words ... 
hate when u see a spider then it disappears . plannin its attack 
freshhhhhh :D 
mickey blue eyes ! <3 eyyyy get the hell outa heeeeeeeeee . aah funniest ever :) 
people on the news playing mozart to a plant to see if it grows quicker ?? this just hurts ma head . 
it truly breaks my heart when i break a nail :( 
interview mondayyyy woohoo any tips people bcos i am shite lol . 
hates herself for liking JLS . :( 
great weekendddd :D 
dont mess with the zohan :D funnaaay . 
how did you manage to have 3 kids with all the penis you have received ? oh i just sucked my own cock and spat it into their vaginas . hahaha 
rihannaaaaaa <3 
anyone else feel as if they have fell asleep in scotland and woke up in russia 
love love masterchef .. wish i could make all that lovely yummy food :) 
butters is sooooo cute !! i love him 
louis walsh is the cutest wee thing in the world 
Shavo Odadjian is my God . 
officialy a giant in these heels . crrrap . 
natalie portman = hot hotty hot ! 
eddie murphy should definitely marry me . 
barbie has her own album ... wtf is happenin to the world 
aiden grimshaw is actually beautiful :) 
nice bottle of rose with ma guuurl ! 
so hungry . want sausages . possibly egg too i dont know . 
constant fear that somethings always near , fear of the daaaaaaark <3 
love it when randoms smile and say hello :) puts u in a good mood :D the rest of u are miserable cunts . 
my god facebook got its own film n everythin lol i want to see itttttttt :D 
too many people moan on facebook . shut up :) 
justin bieber is not a boy . 
has anyone seen Saw 3D yet ? is it good ? 
happy days :) 
i would bang megan fox . 
call of duty should just be banned . simple as . 
mars bar and turkish delight for breakfast yum yum . 
loving this weather puts everyone in a good mood :D 
fatty 
pizza = love <3 
feel so sick and crappy :( 
i guarantee you'l miss me , cos you changed the way you kiss meeeee <3 aah best song ! 
So bored :( what to doooooooo 
swimming with rachy and scott was so funy . now bring on the boozeeee :D 
dont let em bring you down , the beauty is insiiiiide of you ! 
lol at my pathetic attempt at wrapping pressies . so terrible . 
FAT DICK . 
hate it when you really want a bridie from greggs then someone sends you a pic of a bridie from greggs . Thomas Young . 
duncan bannatyne is hot . 
hmmm so didnt get any sleep atall last night , going into glasgow today to get tattoo priced and out 2night ? il give myself til half 10 . 
Go charlotte its your birthday 
a pub without tennents is WRONG . so wrong :( 
why why why get a bum implant . most stupid thing av ever heard :| 
lets get ready for the crocodile tears :) 
your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries . 
drinkin lambrini with lesley and lisnin to dj rankin . YASSSS !! 
SETH ROGEN SETH ROGEN SETH ROGEN <3 
:) :) :) 
fuuuck it ! :) 
see guys that pull up their tops thinking its sexy or somethin , you should just be shot . 
seth rogen was so much hotter when he was fat :( 
soo cannot wait to get a nice drink of tennents YUM :D 
had a dream last night that all the sheep in carluke escaped and were roamin about the streets hahaha idiot . 
i hate drink :| 
die hard die hard die hard <3 
come dine with me is so funnaaay 
still cant understand the appeal of orangeness . hmmmmmmmmm why !!! 
what has happened to cheryl coles eyebrows 
hmm good munch and lie in bed watch seth rogen films aaaaaaall night long yes plz thanku very much :) 
wagner 2 win . just to piss them all off ha :D 
can michael buble get any yummier :D 
hates fat orange girls that think they are sexy . 
gangstaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas 
burnt pizza and undercooked chips mmmmmm 
fat families on sky 1 .. lets all feel sorry for the fatties becos they cant stop eating . fuck off ! 
dragons den's peter jones is 1 of the sexiest men alive !!!!!!!!!!!! 
nothing beats being all cosey in bed watching a bit of the Brucey Willis <3 
seriously !!!! why do people think they are better than other people ? arseholes :) 
standards !!!! where are the standards !!!!!!! jeezo 
i want a fry up someone bring me breakfast in bed pleeeeease :) 
kings of leon new album is pretty damn good btw :) download it :D 
my house is like a fuckin construction site rite now . if ma neighbours were asleep there not now ! :D 
tonsilitis sucks ass :( 
dont you just love bein up this early for FUCK ALL ! 
bored !! want a scary film to watch any suggestions ? :) 
mum jst bought the biggest pizza ive ever seen . ever . so tempted ... 
Paul Friel .. 2 slags in a pod hahaha love it :) 
drunky time ! x 
ughhhh why even bother ! 
rarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
how gay am i liking jls new song pml :( 
wagner ill miss you :( <3 
get the fuck over urself !!!!!!! :) 
selling ass for heroin 
hates Lesley Adams for gettin me started on Frontierville !!!!!!!! 
hahahahaha my big sis is makin a cake and my wee brother jst put it outside in the rain .. ohhhh theres gona be a war :) 
michelle mcmanus would well get it 
is a happy banana :D :D 
Awww ma poor Nicolo ! :( people dnt know talent when they see it ... Wagner ? fuck sake : L 
pre ordered take thats new album and it hasnt came :( so im going to the shop to buy it anyways :D 
omg !! only spewed twice today . this is a record hangover for me : L :D 
wants to get drunk !! 
jst tidyin out ma wardrobe and found a tooth ... wtf ! 
wtf rain !! too far !!! 
aiden grimshaw will u please marry me . 
do you ever just look at someone and think what the fuck was i thinking : L : L 
arghh so confused ! 
how does the simpsons get away with half the stuff they put in that program haha 
anyone got a tattoo on their ribs lol ? 
hey fatty boom boom 
feels so lucky that she can eat a full chocolate cake and shit loads of ice cream and not becum a ten tonne tessy . fuckin love my genes : L 
wagner u wee babe <3 
how amazin is it when ur feet are wet and u get in the house and put clean socks on . :) 
love love love dad's army <3 sooo funny 
dear santa , please can i get a pet sheep :) 
love it how everyone is ragin that wagners gettin through : L hes cute leave him alone lol 
soad soad soad <3 
so wish i was goin to see take that :( 
on my lip balm it says ' warning ! avoid contact with eyes ' really ... who is that retarded ? 
lovin the only way is essex ! even if it is total brain destroyin tv lol 
jst found a big box up in the loft with allll of my old teddies in it . i have noddy with a bell on his hat . so cool . 
LOL at rogue traders ! amazin 
you are so gay . 
aaaaaah owen wilson how it is possible to fancy you so much with a nose like yours i will never know :) 
my mum is like a wee smitten teenager gets all giddy talkin about her man lmao bless 
lorraine kelly looks amazing :o 
can someone please agree with me that Shutter Island is an amazing film ? please . anyone !!! : L 
harry hillllllllllll <3 so funny 
ohhhh u know id never ask u to change , if perfects what ur searchin for then just stay the sameeee ... aw Bruno Mars u wee cutie <3 
its official my wee brothers have got me completely bitched : L 
seriously wishes she was an only child sometimes . 
chocolate cheesecake for breaki oh yes 
sweetheart , just so you know ... ur really not all that :) 
yous a hoeeeee :) 
hahahahha sum mad junkie just threw an envelope off jezza kyles face : L : L 
Larry and George Lamb are gorgeous :o what a gd set of genes they have lol 
so glad aiden got through . so so gorgeous ! 
sumone please bring me wine and chocolate thanks :D 
to go blonde or not to go blonde that is the question hmmmmmmmmm 
CRAP GIRL !!! 
ma humps ma humps ma lovely lady lumps chek it outtttttttttttttttttt 
who could say no to you wait til they get aload of youuuuu ;) love love love NERD <3 xx 
needs a taxi number in blantyre anybudi kno one plzzzzzz :) 
due date was goooooood :) 
MY DOG IS A PSYCHO ! 
here's a number thats not a game 5825 . thats how many troops have been killed in iraq & afghanistan protecting you . now that is a status id like to see on everyone's page the question is who's thankful enough to repost this ? 
WAGNER <3 
done my wee bros english homework for him and his teacher said it was really good ! is it wrong for me to be so chuffed with this haha 
helpin my 12 yr old brother with his maths homework and i dont know any of it : L 
wana get drunkkkkkk =) 
" man may have discovered fire , but women discovered how to play with it " 
aww pretty snow :) please stay lol :D 
why is it snowin everywhere else and not here :( 
chocolate for breakfast love it :) 
smokin a dooooobie ! 
mmmm love a munchie box :) 
has erect nipples . 
is pure dead happy man . 
whos got rajas number ? i want a calzone 
that tall dark one out the wanted is gorgeous :o oh my ! haha 
898 , I like it how i can tell u everything whenever i need a moan , and i love how much u cant sing <3 hahaha 
snow :D 
olly murs is so dreamy ! : L 
kill . me . now 
jst watched nightmare on elm street . never fails to scare the shit out of me ! dnt wana fall asleeeep : ¡ 
nothin in this world is better than your wee mammys homemade cooking :) 
Hello bed ! ive missed u ! 
invaders must dieeeeeee ! <3 
elton john looks like minime but with ginger hair and glasses 
Hannah me and yoo mah sweet little baby fureva tehe <3 
this is the worst hangover of my life . 
ok top tip people , never rip a plaster of a blister . never . 
how do you get a sock out a hoover lol ? 
jackass tonightttttttt :) 
rihanna has the best body EVER ! so jel . lol 
303 .. i like it how you're the most ambitious person i know :) and we used to walk home from school together and once you slapped my bum . 
have you got the staminaaaaaaa ! x 
making a bomb tonight lol 
soooooooooo wants to see unstoppable :) 
think my brain is about to explode . it really is . 
blaaaaah ! 
lmao at karl pilkington ' the amazon , its no different from the thames really is it ' hahaha he is amazing 
The number game .. private message me a number between 1-1000 n il tel u what i think of you on my status and no one wil know who im talking about :) i wnaa join in the game ! haha 
needs to stop getting peer pressured into drinking . 
gona watch Unstoppable and eat all my choccies . helloooo fatty ! 
minger . 
its pizza time :D 
3 hour documentary on privacy and technology hahaha love it :) 
so rough maaan ! i want a burger . 
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321 ... this fascinates me : L 
hmmmmmm drink again tonight ? yes yes yes :) 
ohhhh cant wait for Mad Dogs to start :) 
so happy :) 
Hannah Livingston loves redtube . dirty bastard 
lol at natasha and me attemptin to tread through the snow in 6 inch heels . not fun . 
u better chek yo self before u wreck yoself cos bitches like you is bad for ma health ! .. ice cube = love of ma life haha 
modern family soooooo funny :) 
max or jack branning ? hmm easy .. MAX ! <3 
cher lloyd needs to eat a pie or somethin 
sean connery what a babe u were ! 
josh homme is a sex god !!! 
nomnomnomnom 
just seen the gayest advert ever for a razor . " now we dont suggest shaving underwater , but were showing you anyways so that you know how good it is " so ghay . 
need to tidy my room :( why cant everyone be messy and unorganised so much better that way :) 
bed . lemsips . asda brownies . eddie murphy's Raw & Delirious ... fuckin good . 
the crystal maze <3 
Stwike him centuwion . Stwike him vewy wuffly ! 
wants to get drunk :) 
cant eat anythin cos of this stupid ghay piercing :( I need food !!! 
American Beauty ... without doubt my new favourite film ever ever . amazing . 
whats the best thing to get rid of a headache :( except aspirin ibuprofen or cocodomol lol 
am i the only person that doesnt give to fucks that the prince is getting married . who caresssssssss ! 
rip lesley neilson :( naked gun funniest film ever made ! :D 
ooh stick u ur momma to and ur daddy ! 
watchin ice road truckers deadliest roads ... oh . my . god : ¡ thats it im never learning how to drive . 
going to watch Wall-e ... and cry . alot . 
gona watch a clockwork orange with mrs i snore louder than a fucking bear . time to get our heads fucked :) 
Lesley Adams does a mighty fine burger impression lmao 
" i feel like a pig shat in my head " hahaha 
anyone know what shops are open ? 
omg drink does bad things hahaha 
scary wind :( hope the sheep are inside . 
my bus just nearly ran over a nun lmao 
just saw sumone write acto instead of actually ... aw man :) 
hurry up xmas dinner . ur gettin devoured :) 
is it snowing ? cnt be botherd lookin out ma window : L 
billy connolly's new dvd is brillianttttt :D love love love him ! 
anybody know if mwell college is still open :) ? 
aww mixed calzone from the raja is god . sana u wee babe 
sexy bus driver in pub <3 
aww sum laugh tonite :D 
718 .. i like it how i used 2 stay nxt door to you for yearsssss and thats me JUST startin to talk to you properly hahaha and that u love emmerdale . 
fuck chad hogan . 
" okay so what are some other things we could do besides molest our children ?..... fishing ? " hahaha 
wants my tattoooooo so bad :( 
is psychic 
i loveeeeeeee die hard <3 
think im in love with justin timberlake <3 
67 , i love it how we talk about anything and evrything , n id trust u with my life and i like how retarded we are hehehe 
mmm brandon boyd helloooo ! <3 
hmmm new tattoo 2moro yessssss ! :) 
Cheese and donner pizza is honestly better than anything in this world 
Withnail & I is one of the funniest films ive ever seen :) 
justin bieber has his own jewelery range . i didnt think it was possible to be any more repulsed by him . 
panty sniffer . get the fuck over urself ! :) 
Lie to me has officialy took over my life . looooove it :) 
yassss seth rogens new film out this month :D damn he fiiiiiiine 
" i love the smell of armpits in the morning . its like victory " 
you just got killed by a daewoo lanos mothafuckaaaaa 
think someones battered me in ma sleep . walkin like the hunchback of notre dam hahaha not a good look 
Ben Chichoski , im going to hunt you down and kill you . :) 
i make dough ! but dont call me doughboy ! 
is going to marry her new shoes <3 
just kicked the wall n ripped half ma toenail off . gay . 
times like this i wish i keep my room tidy so i could actualy find what am lookin for ha :| 
why do i keep getting cravings for a fag when i dont even smoke :( 
Lesley Adams is my burd . 
dear santa all i want for christmas is this hangover to fuck off :( 
who the fuck was at ma door last night ??? 
heil hitler 
mmmm take that on the brits ! just get more gorgeous every day :) 
loves a good old teabagging 
hello . im a bus driver and i dont have a fucking brain 
meh chinese japanese dirty knees look at these 
' I love anal beads ' .... ' OH ! i can do prostate massages ' hahaha 
new neds film is amazin ! best av seen in a looong time :D 
happy new year people :D lets go against the rules n make our resolution to drink all the time , smoke our pans in and get fat as fuck . just for fun :) 
Three blind mice walk into a pub . But they are unaware of their surroundings , so to derive humour from it would be exploitative 
there is a readymeal lasagne in my freezer n it has crisps on the top of it ... strangest thing iv ever seen . 
" Son .. Menopause is when the stork that brings babies , gets shot down by drunken hunters . " lmao love the simpsons 
mmmmm love a good glass of wine ! :) 
here . she a freaky bitch ? Niiiiice ! 
just got theeee hottest shoes ever :) only 13 quid gota love the sales lol 
just did that bloody mary thing infrnt of the mirror now hannah is shittin herself hahaha 
new years resolution : never to pretend to myself again that i can stick to a resolution . happy new year :D 
an idiot abroad - the bucket list . cant fucking wait !!! 
aww rihanna those legs . not fair ! 
peter ! are u sleeping on the job ? uhhhh no theres a bug in my eye and im trying to suffocate him hahaha 
lookin forward to saturday with the ladieeees :) 
hello asda brownies . i love you <3 
i hate chinese :( 
fillin out a job app online n jst put a smiley face at the end of a sentence . that will get me far 
holy bejebus 
' wow . this is the product of baby fucking ' 
new year = new hangover . 
i am notttttt lookin forward to goin out in that rain/snow watever the fuck it is . 
sooo wants to go to download this year :( 
going to see my sis in the hosp tonight :) my wee neice should be here by then aaaaaaaah cant wait :D :D 
just watched the rebound and cried my wee eyes out . what a sook . 
Training Day ! <3 
" your cock is so smooth , " yours would be too ... if you were a man . " too funny lol 
fuck off hangover im hungry :( 
Kill Bill vol 2 <3 
omg that dispatches on channel 4 so horrible :( 
