I really want to strangle someone ... 
boredom sucks . 
BLARG ! I HOPE MY LAST MOMENTS AREN'T ON FACEBOOK !!!! ... That's a depressing thought for ya ... 
Bookface , obviously . And FloRida . And Mr. Grantham burning in hell . 
XDDDDDDDDDDDDD SurlyQueen , you are the greatest webcomic of all time . 
glee rocks 
Would you like a cooookie ?? Is fresh ! * evil grin nobody trusts * I promise , they took away my ioquane powder ! Really ! 
I beliiiiiieve I can flyyy ! 
Pon and Zi is so freaking adorable ! 
:DD I got : 

-A big box of crayons 
-Some book about Michealangelo 
-A hillarious movie called Mouse Hunt 
-An art kit thingie with pastels , watercolors , etc . 
-A braclet with YW values 
-Some kind of Are You Smarter than a Fifth Grader thing 
-A wetsuit ( what did I need that for ...? ) 
-A box of Fererro Rocher 
Oh , and the big giant boxes were a kneeboard and stuff like tow ropes and covers . 
GAH ! Who . Invented . The flu ? I want to go after them with an exploding potato gun . 
Hello , relatives ! I'm bored , how about you ? 
Modern technology is like a dead fish ; after three days it really starts to stink . 
I will officially be 13 in about 49 hours . Joy . Joy and rapture . 
Wooooo . Status updating at a friend's house = good . Ish . 
EPIC FAIL !!! Girls camp and Twin Lakes are on the same week ! .... sigh .... D: 
Blueberry . 
6 inches :( 
Ahhh ...... freedom . Let the roleplaying begin , and the endless hours of boredom . But , hey , I am officially UN-GROUNDED ! >:3 
What does it mean when all you're really looking forward to over spring break is a ) role playing b ) getting caight up on fanfiction , and c ) not having to deal with preps ...? 
WHOA , I speak 129 languages !!! 
Hello , Saturday . I'm spending your entirety in my pajamas . Because it's spring break . And that's how I roll . 
Conference . In GENERAL format ! 
Just got " new " clothes and a haircut . I could go on about how I realized recently that ( unintentionally ) most of my wardrobe is black , but you already wasted ten seconds of your life reading this , so I won't bore you . 
My brother had a psychological appointment on Halloween ! 
Ah ... SoBe , chocolate bars , and running around like the tards we are , only to come home and roleplay . This , my friends , is spring break . 
Yes , bookface , CURE MY BOREDOM ! LET ME KEEP THE LITTLE SANITY I HAVE !! 
* yawn * Wensday . And Steven is cooking dinner . 
........ SAVE ME !!!! 
Why , I ask you , does facebook have the ability to suck up my entire internet life , that formerly was completely obscure and mostly consisting of fanficion ? 
Is it sad that I'm PLANNING what my status update will be tomorrow so I don't have to put thought into it ? 
Just returned from Spokane ... yay , I finally has mechanical pencils ! 
Also , if any of you happen to be able to patenent and market my amazing eraser on a string , give me a call . :) 
I pity the poor fool who eventually takes me to a fancy resteraunt , because I will head STRAIGHT for the mac and cheese . 
Today is Friday ! Tomorrow will be Saturday ! And Sunday comes afterwards ! 
... Fun , fun , fun , fun ... 
And WHY I have to visit Dr. Keoske right now , you can bug my dad about ... 
We are in the land of the French ... 
Some creepy lady just came to our door selling magazines for some summer camp . She was , like , 40 , had plasticy blond hair , and was dressed in clothes not uncommonly seen around CMS . 
Anyone else think this is her community service sentance ? 
Remember the music video for Blow ? The one with all the unicorns shooting rainbow lasers out of their noses ? Yeah , well it's even funnier when you watch it on mute . XD 
* Has lost faith in humanity . * 
Victory ! I have found ZiM .... 
I don't see why people drink - sugar is cheaper , just as affective at turning you into an idiot , and save to drive with ! 
So ... bored ... 
Yes , I have nothing better to do over break than to grow moss at the computer , why do you ask ? 
" I protest ! I am not a merry man ! " 
" Ladies and gentlemen , we will do it .... FASTER !!! " * preforms Hamlet in about two seconds . * " You've been an amazing crowd , we will now do it .... BACKWARDS !!!! " 
Who wants a cookie ? Meeee ! 
Role playing again ! Will it ever end ? 
Anybody want a COOKIE ? They're FRESH FROM THE OVEN !!! 
Oh , how I love pocky ... 
Let's do something useless and inproductive ! Yaaay ! 
Woots ! Avril Lavinge is releasing a new album in March !!!! On the 8th , which is a few days before my birthday . Anyone willing to get it for me ??? * Cricket * 
This is Liz Johansen , sounding like a newscaster on impulse , signing off . 
Victory ! Marathon for ZIm , and our house looks very festive . 
Ah , morning . You are my worst enemy . \n*i <3 gir * 
DO YA LIKE WAFFLES ??? 
Two days , people ! Woots ! 
Mmm , homemade salami . Omnomnom . 
* GASP * Homestar runner updated ! Twice ! 
Thank you , Jacob , for keeping me informed . :) 
* yawns * 
1 . Type name regular : Liz Johansen 
2 . Type name with elbow : llllllliz joihansen 
3 . Type name with thumb : liz johansen 
4 . Type name with nose : liz johajsehj 
5 . Type name with toe : lkiz johansen 
6 . Type name with eyes closed : liz johansen 
7 . Type name with knuckle : liz johansen 
REPOST ! DO NOT ERASE MISTAKES !!!! 
Do we all have to be either exotic models or obese pigs ? * Turns to the Orbit Lady * I think NOT ! * attacks Orbit lady with washable marker . * 
Someone save me now ... Kayla just CAN'T role play . At all . 
* Is sad that she wasn't in drama ! * 
Gir . Is . Epic . 
Do you think that I would cry ... on the phone . Do you know what it feels like ... being alone ... 
All American Rejects , all I can say is you rock . 
LOVE Super Junior . 
Thalia : " Do you know why I think Jason lost his willpower ? " \nKyuma : " Why ? " \nThalia : " He got married . " 
" ... And don't call me Shirley . " 
Ah ..... cough , cough hack . Anyone out there from drama , could you tell Mr. Waud I won't be there today ? \n*evil cupcakes of doom * 
I have a question , life ; why is morning so early in the day and why am I not still sleeping through it ? 
Role playing , taylor swift , and ice cream . This here is livin large . \n " Rowr ! " fang 
May be dyeing her hair red ! 
" Cheer up and dry your damp eyes , tell me when it rains ... and I'll blend up that rainbow above you , shooting through your veins ... because your heart has a lack of color , and we should've known that we'd grow up sooner or later , because we wasted all our free time alone . " ~ Owl City 
Arrg , I can't find the you are what you like thing ... 
