Monday 
One of the things I memorized as a child came back to me today : " Before they call I will answer , while they are yet speaking I will hear . " ( Isaiah 65:24 ) 
Today is Igor Stravinsky's birthday -- Might listen to the Firebird Suite in his memory . . . 
Friday . . . And dogsitting . Actually , this is rather a good combination . 
Not Monday any more . . . 
" Same thing with Roger Williams's charming little metaphor about the commonwealth as a ship ; it also has a sinister subtext , namely , that a ship has a captain and a captain's orders are to be obeyed . " Sarah Vowell , " The Wordy Shipmates , " p . 56 
Just watched " Singin ' in the Rain " . . . Gene Kelly makes his dancing look effortless and like a lot of fun . What a talent . 
New job scheduled to begin July 20 , 2009 ! More details later . 
Another P . 56 , 5th sentence : " Reassured , he then went straight to the camp of the praetorian guard . " " How Rome Fell " by Adrian Goldsworthy . 
Off to England tomorrow -- 10 days in the Queen's Realm . 
Working on organizing photos . . . This will take a while 
Home from England ! It was a lovely trip . 
Just got a new album : " Polyhymnia Smiles " -- the musician is Dennis Hunt - On Amazon , it describes the album as : " sacred poetry for the slow dance of the spirit . " This is oddly appropriate , and I can't stop listening to the album . 
I understand I am going to have a nephew this coming November . A cause to celebrate ! 
Another weekend finished . . . I'm heading to bed to be ready for another workweek . And I think I am liking the predicability of the whole process right now . 
I'm scheduled to begin Monday ( July 20 ) as a " General Attorney " in the IRS Office of Chief Counsel , Division Counsel/Associate Chief Counsel ( Tax Exempt and Government Entities ) , in the Denver office . 
I am hoping that there is a gate and and a house where there shall be no darkness nor dazzling , but one equal light ; no noise nor silence , but one equal music ; no fears nor hopes , but one equal possession ; no ends nor beginnings , but one equal eternity . . . . 
Long hike today -- it was lovely to have been in the mountains , and now I feel free to be a couch potato this evening . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
School Board this evening . 
My profile won't show up . Any ideas on how to fix it ? 
Well , no update on England yet . . . But soon . Sometime within the next few days . 
I haven't forgotten the last two days in England . . . They will be coming soon . One ( hopefully ) on Friday . . . . Blenheim Palace , Oxford and lots of Rain . Coming Friday . 
New glasses . . . and my profile is finally working again ! 
Just back from visiting Erin , Ed , and Nephew Truman . They are great -- other than the new-parents-sleep-deprivation thing . 
I am officially an uncle as of today , October 29 , 2009 ! Erin Beth and Ed are now the proud parents of Truman Nowlan Fox ! 
Trying to shake a cold , so I can enjoy my Friday activities . 
" We all have to recognize - no matter how great our strength - that we must deny ourselves the license to do always as we please . " - Attributed to Harry S . Truman . 
Truman Nowlan Fox's statistics : Born 11:46 a.m. Central Daylight Time on October 29 , 2009 ; 6 lbs . 13 oz . ; 20 inches . And he is as cute as his parents . 
Hodie , Christus natus est ! . . . Also , I get to spend the day with my parents and brother ( not forgetting my sister , brother-in-law and nephew in Lincoln ) . 
Epictetus " Epi " was born on October 2 , 2009 . I picked him up on the evening of December 9 , 2009 . " Epictetus " is the name of my favorite Stoic Philosopher and is greek for " Acquired " . . . According to Wikipedia -- Isn't that appropriate for a new dog ? :-) 
For any who are interested , I've written my first impressions of Windsor Castle -- the " crowning " featured of my trip to England . 
Mom has been moved to the rehabilitation floor of Community Hospital in Boulder -- she is on the mend ! 
We had a meeting today -- Mom will be released from the hospital on January 21 . I remain encouraged . 
Mom is home from Community Hospital - had supper and visited them . 
I am wondering how my nephew is doing ? 
For all - Mom is in the hospital , because she had strange combination of head bleeding and pneumonia on Monday . But as of today ( Wednesday ) she is coherent and ready to come home , thank goodness . 
Trip to Washington , D.C. tomorrow . A week in our nation's capital . . . 
More photos of Truman . . . He is adorable , of course . 
Sleep well . . . another week starts tomorrow ! 
Epi is a handsome and well behaved puppy . I am proud to be his owner ( pet guardian ? ) ! 
I need to thank everyone personally , which I will try to do . . . But here's a collective " THANK YOU " for the birthday wishes to all ! 
Epi got to visit his mom ( Cuddles ) , dad ( Chance ) , grandpa ( Jake ) , grandma ( Eli ) , and uncle(s ? ) ( George ) at the Lakes ' house -- he attempted to nurse , which made his mother ( Cuddles ) quite annoyed . Otherwise , they ran around in a large pack of happy dogs . Or that's how it looked to me . 
I was playing with Epi and found a teeny-tiny white chip of what looked like porcelain on my sleeve . Then I realized it looked familiar : I checked his mouth . He had lost a baby tooth ! My puppy is growing ! 
Epi and Sophia seem to like each other - they are playing a wrestling a lot ( which means less " entertaining " the dogs for me) ! I think Sophia will end up about twice Epi's size , but it's hard to know yet . 
Snow . Lots of snow - and yet I get to drive to work ! 
Pups are simultaneously wonderful and natural-disaster-ish . Just when you think they are under control . . . Something happens . And they look so cute , you can't remain angry with them . 
Waiting for the bus this morning , -9 degrees . . . . Driving home this evening , -9 degrees . . . . This day began and ended in a very non-Colorado cold snap . I want my 45-degree days back . 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure only acceptance . 
Coming home from work today , it was merely 9 degrees ( 18 - or 19 ? - degrees warmer than yesterday ) . . . Maybe there is light at the end of the tunnel . 
How does one get over feeling stressed about one's family ? I miss my mom today . . . 
Watching possibly the cheesiest Christmas special of the year on PBS - Mormon Tabernacle Choir , Andrea Bocelli in a Franciscan habit , muppets , Toni Braxton , white Christmas trees , filmed at the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles . 
On a bright , misty , day in Boulder , I'm staying with Mom while Dad attends church . . . It's a peaceful day , and the pups are wet but happy after playing in the back yard . 
I got Sophie a " Bullystick " chew toy , which she has managed to demolish in one evening . . . I guess she likes to chew things . 
OK . . . Good music , sorting things to throw out -- works wonders for one's mood ! 
I took my little girl puppy Sophia to the vet yesterday evening , and discovered she is not so little : 29 pounds at 4 months and 3 weeks . 
Two straight days of unrelenting rain on the Front Range of Colorado - how soon does the cabin fever begin ? 
Just got an iPad . 
Monday . . . Back to work in the salt mines . . . Er , I mean the legal and tax world . 
Driving home tonight . Mahler Symphony No . 5 in C-Sharp Minor live from Boettcher Concert Hall on the radio - paradise for me ! Anyone interested in going to the Sunday Matinee concert ( a repeat ) to hear it live ? 
OK , OK . . . Touché . . . I do need to get back in touch with everyone . Now . . . How ? Maybe start with e-mail ? 
I HAVE desired to go 
Where springs not fail , 
To fields where flies no sharp and sided hail 
And a few lilies blow . 

And I have asked to be 
Where no storms come , 
Where the green swell is in the havens dumb , 
And out of the swing of the sea . 
G.M. Hopkins 
Rufus ! 
Hike with Jenny & Dixon and four pups - Epi , Sophie , Bali , and Lola . The pups behaved very well ! I'm proud of my two guys . 
Note to self : keep pups within visual range as much as possible ( see accompanying photograph ) . 
We ate the lemon meringue pie today ( saving the pumpkin for the weekend ) , and it turned out tasty - a great relief for me . And part of a nice Thanksgiving . 
Evidently , the chew toy held by your colleague is always more valuable than the chew toy you hold yourself . This appears to be a universal canine rule . 
If I say , Peradventure the darkness shall cover me 
* then shall my night be turned to day . 
Yea , the darkness is no darkness with thee , but the night is as clear as the day 
* the darkness and light to thee are both alike . 
Just heard a Jane Norton ad . . . She is running for Senate on " repealing Obamacare " and stopping earmarks . Seriously ? . . . Is this going to work ? 
Wondering if I am being too much of a hermit . . . Do I need to re-connect with friends ? 
Back to CO - after a nice week in Chicago . . . 
Chicago , Chicago 
That toddlin ' town , the toddlin ' town 
I'll show you around , I love it 
Bet your bottom dollar you lose the blues 
In Chicago , Chicago 
. . . . . 
or Possibly Just attend a tax law CLE . . . . 
Well , just cleaned the living room floor ( vacuum & steam clean ) . . . It should hopefully smell fresh this weekend ! 
Utterly content making Thanksgiving pies while listening to the Dale Warland Singers - dogs playing on the floor . 
It worked . . . I can update via my phone now . 
Even with the supposedly-shifted horoscope signs , I remain a Pisces . 
Test update . This is my current status . 
Quote for the Day : " I want us to live up to her expectations . I want our democracy to be as good as Christina imagined it , I want America to be as good as she imagined it . " - President Obama . 
Day 2 : " Patris aeterni Verbum caro factum . " 
Erbarme dich , mein Gott , um meiner Zähren willen ! Schaue hier , Herz und Auge weint vor dir Bitterlich . 
