I'm bored ! 
Hey , i'm happy ! 
Is reeealy bored ... 
Hi , everybody ! 
Hello everybody ! 
Hey everybody ! 
hey y'all! 
Hey everybody !! 
I am so bored ... 
yeah farmtown is out ... :(( 
Is happy and hyper ... ate a lot of candy today ! 
Is very happy ! 
Is really tired but happy , the time change messed stuff up !!!!! 
is excited about Halloween ! 
Just got back from Trick-or-treating ... i am jumping off the walls now !! 
I bored going to bed , hope every body had a great Turkey Day !!!! 
I just saw NEW MOON !!! I LOVE JACOB BLACK !! This was way better than Twilight ! 
Wow , this week has been great and will hopefully only get better 
Loves life ! 
Am soo happy and had a great week !! 
Thanks ! I know this day will be super speacial because i will be will all of my loved ones , today ! Thanks again !! 
is very happy ! 
HAppy Turkey Day everybody !! 
is going to bed !!! 
Is really tired ! But Happy !! 
is really happy ! 
i back ! 
Good day to everyone !!!!! 
OK , offically HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! I hope everyone has a great year this year ! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! well not yet but in like 2 hours ! 
man life can throw you can hard ones , cant it ? 
Great and Beautiful day today !!!! 
Trying to have a good day , i am soo tired ! 
Things which you do not hope happen more frequently than things which you do hope . ~ Titus Maccius Plautus 
Well , another day ... that means more life . 
The cure for boredom is curiosity . There is no cure for curiosity . ~ Dorothy Parker 
Had fun at the ROTC dance last night , well the only fun part was hanging with my friends . And sort of danceing . I danced once at the end but thats it ! I suck at danceing ! lol 
Tomarrow is my birthday !! i will be 15 !! yayayayay !! 
I bored 
BORED OUT OF MY MIND !!!! 
Well i not bored , just restlest ... hahahaha 
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone !!!!! 
I need ONLY one horseshoe left !!!! pleease please please send me one if u can !!!!!! 
Wish I could go to the Renaissance Festival ... but i cant ... :'( 
Haveing another BLAH day , haha ! 
I still need 4 more to finish my barn raising for my chicken coop .... please help ! It is posted on my profile page ...! 
" Good Morning starshine , the earths says hello ! " 
Having a great day ... so far ! 
Is tired !!! But an early bird ! 
Hi everyone ! 
GOT A HAIRCUT !!! 
Haveing a great weekend ... even though i am not doing anythjing , haha !! 
HI !!! 

OMG i am at a hotel . Wow , haven't been in one for a while , lol . Anyway , we stopped at a hotel for the night , we are on our way to The Valley , aka the border . Can't wait until we get there ! 
Got some new shoes ! 
Life's a garden ... so DIG IT ! - thats a quote from Joe Dirt !!!!! 
Hayley ?? Hayley Janes ??? My BFF in Brenham Texas ?? The one who was nice to me when I came to Brenham , a " new girl " ?? The one I can tell almost everything to ?? The one who is my mommy and my sister rolled into one ?? The one who sooo pretty ?? The one I love and cherish ?? Yeah , I know her , whats up ?? 
I will get back on later ! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY !!!!!!!!!! To well all of the mothers , haha ????? 
Hope everyone had a great weekend and will have a great coming up week !! ? 
I'M A GIRF ! 
I got a beanie baby !!!! 
one ... two Freddy's coming for you 
three ... four he's knocking at your door 
five ... six wake up quick 
seven ... eight have to stay up late 
nine ... ten Never sleep again ... 
lol , i was bored and felt like being random !!!!! ( from nightmare on elm street , i think ) 
Bored and can't fall asleep ... 
Life's good ! ? ?? 
If life was meant to be easy , we would be born with a Staples Easy Button instead of a Bellybutton . 
~ Why so serious ?! ~ Watched Dark Knight last night , I forgot how much i like the Joker , best criminal/villian EVER !!! 
Tennis shoes , haha 
Today is a blah day . 
I didn't realize how much i liked eminem . Wow , i do ! 
Omg , i just got scared by a empty BBQ chip bag ... wow . I always surprise myself at the things i get scared of , lol -.- 
Hullo Hullo !!! 
¡¡¡¡u ? op ? p ? sdn ?? ? oooooooo 
Merry Jingley everybody ! Hope yall have had a great eve of Christmas Eve ! 
Well , I have to go ... goodbye , until next time !! Haha !! 
Bored .... somebody talk to meh !!! 
It feels so good outside , hope it feels the same tomarrow ! I cant take the cold much longer , make up your mind weather !! 
Alright , i am going to go ahead and get off , by yall !! 
Bored , Bored , Bored ...... Can you tell i am bored ? 
I lov-ed you piggy , i lov-ed you !! ~ I miss you cupcake ! Leprechan ! I'm going to sing the doom song ! Doo-de doomy doo ! Lol , i Love invader Zim !! And GIR !!! 
OMG I saw eclipse and it was amazing !!! OK , i won't say anything that will give anything away ... but yeah , anyone who loves the Twilight series , should see this movie !!! 
" OMG ! What a cute puppy !!! " ( says excited girl ) " Oh , wait , it's a chicken . " 
LOL ! This was hilarious ! 
Just sitting here , listening to music , being bored . 
Bored out of my mind !! can't wait until school starts tomarrow !!!! 
Fireworks ! 
today is awesome just hanging with my bud ! 
Ugh , I hate to admit it ... but I actually like Justin Beiber , haha ! Never thought I would say that . 
Have you ever wondered ... is the glass half empty or half full ... well what i think is , it depends on what's in it ? If it is a glass full of S**t then ew half empty , but if it is full of maybe the yummiest Dr Pepper , then i'd say half full . ( wouldn't you ? ^.^ ) ~~~ Courtesy of a joke made by the greatest Demitri Martin ( the bestest comiedian ever , until he made that show of his ) 
Happy Fouth of July ! 
Hanging with my sista Hayley !!!! I love ya hayley !!! You are the bestest friend eva !! 
First person to 
like this status I will have there last name as my middle name for a day . Put this as your status and see what your middle name will be ! ( : 
AHH ! My phone's screen won't show anything but black .... then again it is a dinosaur . Well , i guess i will have to get a new one :( 
Ugh , i am bored , well see yall later . :) 
i am actually wearing a dress . For all of yall that know me the best , yall should know that i HATE wearing dresses . But this one is very cute , and i look great ! Lol , i know yall don't really care , just thought i would put it out there :) 
Emmet_ " What happened to your hand ? " Bella_ " I punched a werewolf " Emmet_ " Badass ! " 
If 
you wanna kiss me " Like " . If you love me put a heart ?. If im your 
friend put a smiley face :) If you hate me put an angry face : @ If ive 
upset you put a frowny face ): Post this as your status & see what 
you get ! these things r cool ! 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia - fear of long words . Anyone else see the irony there ? 
OMG school is tomorrow !!! Can't wait !! 
Can't wait until school starts monday !! I hope everyone is as excited as i am about school !! 
Ugh , school tomorrow ... 
Why are summers always boring ? I mean , everyone can't wait until summer , but when it comes around , it is SOOO boring ! 
Wow , I haven't been on in forever !!! Hey to everybody who is still awake !! 
Probably gonna end up watching a movie until i go to sleep ... hmm , how bout a scary one ?? ( eyes House of 1000 Corpses ) >.< 
" Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquiste horror of thier reality " ~ Edgar Allan Poe . Love this quote , he might have been crazy , but Poe was a genius ! 
About to see Vampire's Suck ! I can't wait ! 
At Hayley's house , chillin , and having fun !! 
OMG Vampires Suck was awesome !!!! It spoofed EVERYTHING !!! Anyone who is a Twilight fan should see it , pronto ! 
Goodnight earth people , actually I should be saying good morning , oh well , Good night !!!! 
" Here's another curse ... May all your bacon burn ... " - Howl's Moving Castle , Calsifer rocks ! 
Gosh i haven't been on here forever ! How is everyone ? 
Gosh i hate days that there is nothing to do , and being bored sucks ! 
I am so bored , theres not much to do since i got the chemistry project done that i procrastinated on . Hooray for procrastination !! 
Tired of people saying i am short ! 
Nighty Night ! Might be able to get on tomarrow ... IDK yet . If not then by by !! 
bored 
Yay ! Halloween is tomarrow , is anyone trick-or-treating , cause i am !! 
Had a lot of fun at the ROTC dance , hope everyone else did ! 
# 
the 5 biggest lies ever told : 
1 ) I'm fine 
2)Seriously , I don't like anyone 
3 ) I swear that was my last piece of gum . 
4 ) I have read & agreed to the Terms & Conditions 
5 ) I LEFT MY HOMEWORK AT HOME , I SWEAR I'VE DONE IT ! 
Merry Christmas everyone !! 
Like this if you have .... 
1 . Sat on the floor because your chair wasn't there . 
2 . Laughed for no reason because you remembered a joke . 
3 . Have shared multiple inside jokes with friends . 
4 . Have run into a wall . 
5 . Or have tripped over nothing ! 
This might sound weird , but if i die soon , i don't want my Facebook erased , i just want somebody to update my status every once in a while with statuses like " Hangin with Jesus " or " Flying with the Angels " , some may say thats cheesy , or dumb , but thats what i would want . Really random ... but just saying ! 
Did you know when someone annoys you it takes 42 muscles to frown but only 4 to extend your arm and punch them in the face . 
Happy New year's eve everyone !! 
Just got a freaking weird call from somebody , private number of course . Very strange .... ugh gives me teh creeps just thinking about it !! =.= 
Tired but happy , hope everyone had a good christmas !! 
The snow yesterday was awesome ! Hpe everyone had a good day . A litle bored , gunna volunter for the fire department ! 
BORED ! 
Ugh , I hate when my face tells exactly what i am thinking ... 
Yay ! I just git my ears pierced a second time ! I am so happy ! ( got ) 
Curiosity killed the cat ... 
Like if you have a bug cemetery in your window sills . >.< 
I am more than just UNIQUE , I am a " LIMITED EDITION !! " 
Black Ops , wow never thought i would absolutly love the game ! Just got done beating up ZOMBIES !!! <3 
I hate having projects to do over the spring break when i could be playing Black Ops ... >.< Lol 
Red hair !!!! 
I saved a baby rabbit last night from the clutches of my cat ... hope he suvives . 
This sunny Sunday 
Is a good day to go 
Guess you want me to stay 
Well then let me know 
And I hate to say 
It's been a waste of time ... 
Hushabye By Korn 
Best Song Ever ! 
BYES ! 
