Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again . ... ' Cause a boy like you's impossible to find . You're impossible to find . 
has come to the conclusion that he MIGHT <3 Evanescence more than AFI . ... It's a close call . :-/ 
is super sunburned !! 
is home from Mystery Trip . YAY !!!!!! 
has lied . I can't abandon AFI . lol 
I's sunburned . :-(( 
<3 ' s Facebook quizes !! lol :-) 
thanks God that he doesn't have to take health !!! :-D 
is bored as heck ! ... And he really wants to talk to that certain someone . :-( 
went and whatched people bowling at Daniel's welcome to Abilene party . :-) 
is , according to a Facebook quiz , now straight ! lol :-D 
, once again , calls for a pick on Daniel Dycus day !! lol :-D 
went to Hogwarts today with Ed , Amy and Angela !!!!! Yayz !!! :-D 
is now hated by people he doesn't know , because he pointed out a double-standard that one of his friends has . lol It's kinda funny . I keep getting all these threats . lol 
<3 ' s school !! :-D 
Watashi wa uke desu . Anata ga seme desu ka ? lol :-D 
is waiting for a certain someone to ask him out ! * cough , cough * 
is laughing at ignorance !! :-D 
was called a " queer-o-sexual . " ... It has a nice ring to it . 
was informed by Daniel Dycus himself , that it is , once again , pick on Daniel Dycus day . 
is thinking about his man . Wondering if he's thinking of him , too . 
I's hungry and in my comfy clothes . 
is pondering theological aspects . 
saw Ponyo !! 
<3 ' s A capella music 
<3 ' s talking to his man ! 
I found my place in this world . Could stare at your face for the rest of my days . 
is in deep thought . 
Text me . I'm packing for Mystery Trip , and I'm bored !!! 
is pondering life , and its meaning , more deeply . 
wishes he could be with his man for homecoming . 
is laughing at the people who bitch on Facebook statuses . lol :-D 
is so freaking happy that his boyfriend got a new phone !! Now he can text him . :-) 
went to hook up with a guy that assumed he was a girl . lol That guy was shocked to see me !! :-D 
is so happy that he gets to go and visit his boyfriend !!! :-D 
thinks Daniel Dycus should have to come up with a real status !! lol :-p 
I’ve been spending all my time just thinking about ya . I don’t know what to do . I think I’m fallin’ for you . ;-) 
always new he was liberal , but never realized how liberal until he started Government . 
is being lazy . Just woke up . 
got in trouble for an anti-millitary protest . lol :-D 
realized that if everyone followed his example of being a nonconformist , then we'd all end up , once again , as conformists . URGH !! I hate this logic ! 
is mad at Kanye West , and agrees with what Obama said about him . 
had an AMAZING time with his boyfriend on Friday !! " ... Romeo take me some where we can be alone . ... It's a love story , baby just say yes . " ;-) 
" Open your door , I'll be your tenant . Don't got much baggage to lay at your feet , but sweet kisses I've got to spare . I'll be there , and I'll cover you . " -Collins , from RENT 
<3 ' s boys , and <3 ' s talking to them !! lol :-D 
The best thing about me is you . ;) 
is happy with his Dillon . :-) 
" Happiness is the most insidious prison of all ... " -V 
finds it funny that a bunch of pro-lifers were so offended at school today , when he said , " Choice ! " , considering , they were wearing duct tape over there mouthes , with " LIFE " written across it , to show that they were doing a silent protest . ( They didn't even answer their teachers when called upon !!! ) When in esence , they were doing the EXACT SAME THING ! lol 
is gaga for this Lady Gaga . 
just wants to be with his man . 
is having fun working on his first art project . 
" Before I met you , I never knew what it was like ; to look at [ you ] and smile for no reason . " -Unknown 
" We're told to remember the idea , not the man , because a man can fail , it can be caught , it can be killed and forgotten . But 400 years later , an idea can still change the world . " -Evey Hammond 
praises God for friends that remind him how wonderful life really is . Thanks Shannnon and Brittany . I love ya'll . :-) 
" God is in the rain . " :-) 
Let me be the one who never leaves you all alone . I hold my breathe and lose the feeling I'm on my own . 
is the happiest that he's been in a long time . 
is tired of being sick all the time . He just wishes he could talk to his Dillon . :-( 
" Thank you , but I'd rather die behind the chemical sheds . " -Evey Hammond 
??? ???? ????? ??? ???? ????? ????? ????? ?? ???? ??. ????? ?????? ????? ???? ??????. 
I have found a new life , but the pain from the old one still exsists . I now know what is true , but I wonder if living in ignorance would have been easier . And even though I know it was for the better , I still can't help but wish things had never changed . But it's too late for that . I can't go back to the old life . It can never exsist again . It's time to evolve . I pray I do it quickly . 
respone to Veterans Day : " And he shall judge among the nations , and shall rebuke many people : and they shall beat their swords into plowshares , and their spears into pruninghooks : nation shall not lift up sword against nation , neither shall they learn war any more . " — Is . 2:4 " Then said Jesus unto him , Put up again thy sword into his place : for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword . " — Matt . 26:52 
Sicché null'altra veggio compagnia . Non V'accorgete dunque Voi D'un tal che muore . :-/ 
loves English ( Pirate ) 
is not trying to be a nuisance . He just thinks we , as Christians , can do better than this . That's simply his two cents . ... You can take it or leave it . 
IT REALLY WORKS ! The facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU it really works :-D 
loves being single , but he also really hates it . He loves the fact that he doesn't have to worry about getting hurt , but he hates the feeling that he's alone . ... So confused . 
Veni , veni Emmanuel , Captivum solve Israel . Solvo nos ex regnum of obscurum ut nos have partum , quod addo nos in vestri mirus regnum of diligo quod amicabiliter justicia . Amen . 
" ... ideas are bulletproof . " -V 
When God closes the door , somewhere he opens a window . I pray that I find it . ... Soon . 
has Tuba Christmas tomorrow . It's free . Come and see me ..., or I'll just have to kill you . 
got alot of things for Christmas , but all he really cares about is his new Lady Gaga CD and his new outfit . The sign of a true gay . lol 
has red hair again . Check out the pics . 
lol Funniest Facebook ad EVER !! " Meet these children and those they serve to Jesus . " Oh Jesus . You carnivorous fiend , you !! lol 
has had a turn around . He has started a slow , but sure , walk away from the left wing fringe , by taking his frist step toward moderate liberalism . He's seen how the fringe can hurt people , and he now wants no part of it . 
" I had roses , and apologized to no one . " -Valerie 
" ... fairness , justice , and freedom are more than words , they are perspectives . " -V 
is just happy . :-) 
has decided that today should be the official hug a Muslim day . lol That beats burning a Quran any day . XD 
Really ?? A test the first day of college ???? Fml 
College Algebra SUCKS !!! 
Dear stupid redneck from my philosophy class whose name I do not know , and do not care to know , 

You do not know more that Dr. Cooksey . You are in an Intro . to Philosophy class , and he has a P h.D. in Philosophy . So stop acting like you know the secrets of the universe or something . You don't know anything . You are just a really arrogant douche nozzle . 
Love , 
Emery :) 
So society tells me that if I were a straight teenage boy , then I should love sports . But how straight is it to run around with other guys playing with balls , and sometimes just jumping on top of another guy for one ? ... Sounds pretty gay to me . 
I love how I can tell if a guy's gay by skimming through their favorite music for Lady Gaga . XD 
feels awkward around people who deny their sexuality . Don't they know how hard that is on the human mind ??? And that science has proven time and time again that human sexuality can not be altered ?? And that majority of the bible scholars , both conservatives and liberal alike , have concluded that homosexuality was not meant to be considered sinful ??? ... Sorry . Felt like ranting . lol 
I just realized . I don't have a purple shirt , and I don't have a clean pride shirt . :( 
" All mankind will see God's salvation . " - Luke 3:6 
Happy Earth Day ! :D 
Should I stop being a vegetarian ? What do you think ? 
The thought that some people are able to describe people as " undesirable , " like the conservative party does in V for Vendetta , is disgusting . Everyone deserves love and respect from their peers . But then again I suppose the idea of people being undesirable , is the same concept as God sending his/her children to hell . They are both disgusting , and poor ways of thinking . ... Sorry . Just ranting again . 
Every inch of me shall perish . Every inch , but one . [ Integrity . ] An inch . It is small and it is fragile and it is the only thing in the world worth having . We must never lose it or give it away . We must never let [ the government ] take it from us . ... I hope that the worlds turns , and that things get better . -Valerie 
The right strikes again . I just heard that the TEA is trying to remove anything that they find liberal in history textbooks ; starting with the political and philosophical views of our forefathers . There are supposed to be over 100 changes made . ... So much for recieving an education . Thanks Texas . -_- 
Are any Merkelites taking night classes at Cisco this fall ? 
<3 ' s Harry Potter more than you ! 
Idk about this singing . :\ 
Third showing of Harry Potter and I'm still lovin ' it ! :) 
" God is in the rain . " -Evey 
So prom was amazing last night . I managed to get Lady Gaga played , even though we were in the buckle of the bible belt . AND got dance with Adam . ' Twas great . :) 
So I was looking at this profile , and I was like , " God . This guys is so gay . " Then I realized I was looking at my own profile . ... Lovely . 
BMWs are quite possibly the most sexy cars on the road . 
Gandalf is hardcore . 
<3 ' s Skype . :) 
wants to be a Sith Lord when he grows up . 
got a kitty today . :) 
is no longer a vegetarian . ... It's kinda sad . I've been one for almost 3 years . But I think this change is for the better . 
So listening to Power 103 , I realized that there are a lot of R&B songs about a guy getting caught cheating , and tries to get the girl back . So this is my thought . Guys that do this are really pathetic , but girls that believe their lies , and actually go back to them are even more pathetic . 
Oh , happiness ! There's grace enough for us , and the whole human race . 
got a big flat screen TV and DVD player today . He's now ready for a movie night ! :) 
Cleaning = LAME 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! I really enjoyed them . :) 
Watching Bell , Book and Candle with Jimmy Stewart and Kim Novak . Maybe I'll get a cat tomorrow . 
I'm now in three classes with this red headed jerk . I may give up on my non-violent views and demolish him . 
Bill Maher is my hero ! :) 
" Remember , remember the Fifth of November , the Gunpowder Treason and Plot , I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treasonshould ever be forgot . " 
Happy Guy Fawkes Day ! :D 
Lenin = Jesus . ... It just feels right . 
After cleaning my room from top to bottom from 8-11 , I feel like it's safe to say that college students are the most filthy animal on earth . I'm willing to say that dung beetles are even cleaner than college students . 
is SO ready for Halloween ! 
had an AMAZING first day in philosophy class . 
By the way everyone , Happy Star Wars Day ! :D 
" The unexamined faith is not worth believing . " -Me lol 
Does anyone know what time we have to be there tomorrow for the senior trip ? 
I miss my martial arts days . 
How do you install games on a Mac ? 
Where have all the good men gone , and where are all the gods ? XD Good song . 
Venessa Blaylock is the meanest person in the world ! ... And she likes girls . 
No more school ! No more books ! ... No more really bad gay jokes . lol 
is SO ready to start his job tomorrow ! :D 
Bishop John Shelby Spong is my hero ! :D 
is lovin ' his new iPhone . :) 
Watching Wicked with Jenny ! :D 
So I saw Heath Ledger today . 
Oh ... To be a Viking . 
Wants college to start NOW ! 
Algebra = ridiculous 
" La Vie Bohème ! " 
Quando omni flunkus , moriatus lol XD 
now has Skype . :) 
<3 ' s zombies ! 
So is Skype free ? 
I'm FINALLY registered for college ! 
Is now watching V for Vendetta , and it's all Izak Santana's fault . 
" People shouldn't be afraid of their governments . Governments should be afraid of their people . " -V 
About to start thank yous . :( 
We cut the legs off of our pants . Threw our shoes into the ocean . Laid back and wade through the daylight . Sat back and wade through the daylight . 
True love is when you share Corn Nuts with your cat . XD 
Hicks get on my nerves . 
is reading a cool book on Universalism called If Grace Is True : Why God Will Save Every Person . It's a good book . If your into religious books , you should read it . It makes some amazing points . 
" Your Father in heaven is not willing that any of these little ones will be lost . " - Matthew 18:14 
I love how you can have over 100 mutual friends with someone and still have no clue who they are . 
has the best job in the world ! He just gets paid to hang out with his friends , and make fun of people all day . Who could really ask for a better job ? :) 
is eating Ramen , and watching old movies . :) 
Good thing I don't get on MySpace much , ' cause my Mac won't open it . 
( Posting some Universalist passages in scripture . ) " I have sheep that are not of this sheep pen . I must bring them also . They too will listen to my voice , and there shall be one flock and one shepherd . " - John 10:16 
Fixing to move into the dorm . I'm ready for classes to start . 
How do you delete people from Facebook ? 
Thinks he's gonna start using " grand " and " cheers " more like his friends in the UK . ... Particularly those in Glasgow . :) 
Urgh ! Garage sales are so boring !! :( 
loves watching shows on cake . 
is ready for college to start , because he is sick of sitting around and doing nothing ! :/ 
hates how difficult it is to find games for his MacBook . 
Forget the Tea Party . Join the Coffee Party ! Look it up . It's awesome . 
" Whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother . " - Matthew 12:50 
" Beneath this mask there is more than flesh . Beneath this mask there is an idea , Mr. Creedy , and ideas are bulletproof . " -V 
hates the new iTunes . 
is jealous of everyone that got to start college today . He still has to wait until Wednesday . ... Lame . 
is hoping he can switch Drawing I with General Anthropology . ... Otherwise , this is going to be a long year . 
had the most interesting talk on theology with one of his favorite people today ; Caro Russell . 
" When the rich wage war , it's the poor who die . " -Jean Paul Sartre 
Coin-Operated Boy . :) 
is watching Indian Jones : the Last Crusade , thanks to my convo with Martyn Griffiths . 
If someone wants to come kidnap my niece while I'm taking care of her , I won't stop them . 
I saw today a sign on the back of a van that said , " Believe in Jesus ! TURN OR BURN ! " Which got me thinking , is faith simply a way for us to avoid the possibility of hell , or is it something more ; something life changing ; something that gives us strength to face the day ; something that encourage us to live , love , and forgive ; something to better our lives and the lives of others ; something real ? 
And so my Bette Davis marathon begins ... 
" Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? ' Cause I could really use a wish right now . " -from Airplanes 
Dear Facebook , 
I do not want to be a Catholic monk , priest , or nun . Please stop sending me ads saying that I'm cut out for it . 
This obviously not Catholic guy 
Subway is officially the funest job ever ! 
is watching Eat . Pray . Love . 
Had an awesome time hanging out with Venessa Blaylock today . Eating McDonalds . Watching T.V. Just being real American . haha 
Nothing is more fun than our water bottle fights at Subway . :) 
Ok , if you can't speak Spanish , then don't contribute lyrics to a site for Spanish songs ! 
really hopes " Don't Ask , Don't Tell " doesn't get repealed . You might be thinking what ? Why ? You're the most liberal , civil rightsy kinda guy I know ! Yes . You're right , but it comes down to this . If the draft ever gets brought back , I really want to be able to just say , " I love men , " and get out of it . ... I win , military . I win . 
The line , " Thank you , but I'd rather die behind the chemical shed , " no matter how many times I hear it , still gives me chills . :) 
Hates when girls adds me , and then start flirting with me . 
It sucks when you realize that you can never be with the one you want the most . 
" God is in the rain . " -Evey Hammond 
" With or without religion , you would have good people doing good things , and evil people doing evil things . But for good people to do evil things , that takes religion . " -Steven Weinberg 
just heard the word " anti-misanthrope " and thought of Mr. Roach . He just thought everyone should know that . 
Some one help ! I'm going to apply for a job , but Idk what to do . 
is gay and there are 4 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and more than 14,000 servicemembers have been discharged from the military under the failed " Don't Ask , Don't Tell " law . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/djexSU . 
is trying to figure out how the KKK gets around the fact that they worship a Middle Eastern , Jewish man . 
“All men are mortal . 
Socrates was a man . 
Therefore Socrates was a homosexual . ” - Dr. Cooksey 
is gay and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/djexSU . 
is gay and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/djexSU . 
LOVES BACON ! 
I don't know if it's just my imagination , or what , but I swear , every time I get out of Philosophy , the left side of my brain hurts . lol 
There is nowhere near enough Viking movies . Screw pirates . Give us some Vikings ! 
is gay and there are 3 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and the government's failure to recognize LGBT families for immigration purposes tears bi-national couples and families apart . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/djexSU . 
" If a beautiful summer sunset proves god's existence , then logically a miserable winter sunrise must disprove god's existence . " -Isaac Swords 
Put this as your status if you know , or are related to , someone who was killed at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry when it was under siege by Death Eaters in The Second Wizarding War . Over 50 witches and wizards died in this attack . 93% of wizards won't repost this , but will you be part of that magical 7% that will ? Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army ! 
Just Legend of the Guardians : the Owls of Ga'hoof with my new friend Victoria ! So good !! 
I have more more likes than friends . Idk what to think about that . lol 
i have a confession im straight 
" Man created God in his image : intolerant , sexist , homophobic and violent . " -Marie 
Why are you so gay ? 
Your biggest gay user 
is gay and there are 2 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/djexSU . 
People of McMurry , if any of you know where my bag is , it would be freakin ' sweet if you told me where to find it , or at least where I should go to find it . 
Ok . This Philosophy test is ridiculous . 
I just have one thing to say to you , ... Vladimir Ilich Lenin for president . :) 
Happy National Coming Out Day ! :D 
Does anyone still have a MySpace that they still use , ' cause I'm kinda missin ' mine ? 
" Peace is a lie . There is only passion . Through passion , I gain strength . Through strength , I gain power . Through power , I gain victory . Through victory , my chains are broken . The Force shall free me . " -The Sith Code 
I wasn't able to get a ticket to the midnight premier of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , so I had to settle for the next best thing . The second showing at 10:30 am . I guess that's better than nothing . :/ 
Something , something , something Dark Side . Something , something , something complete . 
Just saw Milk for the first time . Great movie . Really powerful . Everyone should watch it . 
First time I've been to Eucharist in a long time . 
" How do you measure a year in a life ? How about [ in ] love ? " -Rent 
Tea Party = biggest joke 
Well I don't have a status now , ' cause Venessa stole it ! But Palin and Obama are tenth cousins . 
Like this status , and I'll tell you everything I hate about you . 
I feel like no child or dog should be without a halloween costume , so I'm making an album of ideas for people . Everyone should go look at it when I'm done . 
haha Facebook . You betray me . 
Just bought a rad djembe . 
The wild beast that was my beard is now tame . 
Existentialism = retard . ... Sorry , Dr. Cooksey . I cannot accept your silly and disgusting way of thinking . 
" I'm gonna be a slut ! I'm gonna get knocked up ! I'm gonna be a bitch ! " -Christy Joy Wilson 
is in line to see Harry Potter ! :D 
I've been smiling lately . Dreamin ' about the world as one . And I believe it could be . Someday it's gonna come . 
I love redundant statements like the one I just heard . " Oh . It's a two door coup . " 
I feel as though I've stepped out of an 80's flim today , wearing an old baseball hat , fake Ray Bans , an ugly sweater from a thrift store , tapered jeans , and dingy white converse . I'm totally rad . Be jealous . 
Ok . Driving to school tonight , I saw 5 " Stop Pelosi " bumper stickers . I nearly fainted while driving by each one I saw . Nancy Pelosi . If by some really random fluke you see this . Just so you know , I love you , and want to be besties . 
History Channel , when you make shows about Ancient Astronaut theory , I say , ok . I can tolerate that . But when you tell me that the deformed skull of 5 year old child that lived approximately 900 years ago is proof of an alien scheme to interbreed with humans in hopes to one day take over the world , you've crossed the line . 
" Well I don't need your eternity , or your meaning to feel free . I just live because I love to , and that's enough , you see . So don't preach about morality . That's just human sense to me . " -from Hard Believer by First Aid Kit 
I fight against fascism . That is my trade . 
Harry Potter . Get here sooner ! 
We you're in college , and you're still acting like a child , there's a problem . 
" ... but three hundred years later an ideas can still change the world . " -Evey Hamilton 
is one hairy man . 
Happy Lady Gaga Day everyone ! :) 
And it's one life . And it's this life . And it's beautiful . 
New favorite quote : " The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him your friend . " -Abraham Lincoln 
I'm currently stranded at Chelsea Street Pub . Listening to Amon Amarth on my laptop , and it's making me want to rape and pillage the auto shop that destroyed my car . Probably not the best choice in music at the moment . 
In chapel , we remembered MLK . At the end , we began singing , and slowly , all of us formed in a large circle , holding hands . I was holding hands with an African American man who was raised in segregation , and with a straight white man , and then all three of us , an African American man , a gay man , and white man , began singing , " We will overcome the barriers that divide us , and we will be one at last . " ... It was powerful 
Peace on earth . Goodwill towards men . ... Maybe we'll have it someday . 
I hate when I wake up and go to a class on the third floor of a building , and then realize it's Saturday . 
Watching a classic movie at the Paramount . 
Drinking hot tea and eating Shrio Miso while watching a movie while curled up in bed seems like a good choice for this evening . 
I think I'm gonna trim my beard . Said I wouldn't , but I might go ahead and do it . 
Viking Metal , where have you been all my life ? 
I'm not real crazy about C.S. Lewis , but I stumbled across this quote and I really like it . 
" Faith is the art of holding on to things your reason has once accepted in spite of your changing moods . " - C.S. Lewis 
Pray for Egypt . 
I thought of this verse in Religions of the World today : 
I am the good shepherd , and I know my [ sheep ] , and am known by mine , according as the Father doth know me , and I know the Father , and my life I lay down for the sheep , and other sheep I have that are not of this fold , these also it behoveth me to bring , and my voice they will hear , and there shall become one flock -- one shepherd . 
-John 10:14 -16 
I'm sitting by that red headed idiot . I want to shoot myself . 
This final aim is God's purpose with the world ; but God is the absolutely perfect Being , and can , therefore , will nothing but himself . - G.F.W. Hegel 
Does anyone know what was up the firetruck that was outside my dorm earlier ? 
9 degrees ?? REALLY ? ... Mother Nature , you're a bitch . 
" In the religion of the insecure , I must be myself ... I'm beautiful in my way , ' cause God makes no mistakes . I'm on the right track . ... I was born this way . " -Lady Gaga 
The god of conservatism is dead . 
I'm pretty much stoked . I got the highest grade on the New Testament exam . It's a good day . 
I met a fairly influential Orthodox priest , today . It was kinda cool . 
Getting my first tattoo tomorrow ! 
The lesson at today's Eucharist , Harry Potter ! This is bad ass . 
Dr. Miller called me a religious studies savant today . I'm not for sure if I should be really flattered by that or offended . haha 
Forever I will assume that anyone who wears grills has an IQ of 2 . 
Laity , stop trying to tell academia what the bible says ! It's stupid for you to do that ! 
Question to Christians out there , do you think it is idolatry to say the pledge to our state or country or even to sing an anthem to our state or country ? 
Dogteeth = an hour and a half of my life I will never get back . 
Had an amazing day exploring the Metroplex with friends . 
I tinhk I'm gnona srtat tpiyng all my stusteas lkie tihs . 
I just almost hit the chupacabra . 
It's sad that we Protestants have almost forgotten Mary . The early Christians called her " Blessed . " We don't even talk about her at all . 
" O my Jesus , have mercy on us . Forgive us our sins . Save us from the fires of hell . Take ALL souls into heaven , ESPECIALLY , those most in need of thy mercy . Amen . " -Doxology , Prayer of the Holy Rosary 
War Hawks ! 
Pray for Japan . 
This day was made for eating pie . 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you called stupid , He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you called ugly ? She spends hours putting make-up on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's alot more to people then you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
" I will love you for you . Not for what you have done , or what you will become . I will give you the love that you never knew . " -God 
" On no day will [ heaven's ] gates ever be shut , for there will be no night there . " -Revelation 21:25 
For all of my 18 years of life , I've been trying figure out exactly who I really am , and now Facebook has informed me . I'm an emo Hitler from France . Thank you Facebook for clearing that up . I doubt I would have ever figured that out on my own . 
It doesn't matter how many times this happens , everytime the priest starts slinging holy water , I jump when it hits me . 
Fellow McMurrians , what has to be done when your password expires on your accounts ? 
" It just smells like sin in here . " -Chelsea Jones 
To guys who like pages such as " Boys should never hit girls . " or something along those lines , don't kid your self into thinking that you are not some patriarchal , heterocentric misogynist for doing so . If anything , liking this just proves that . And girls who like pages like this , you are just supporting your oppression . 
Pat Robertson , Glen Beck , Bill O'Reilly=Antichrist trinity 
I know this woman ! She lives here in Abilene ! She is the current owner of the Natural Food Center ! Who would of thought that the Executive Director of one of the most well known gay Christian activist groups lives right here in Abilene . 
http://www.soulforce.org/blog/announcing-our-new-executive-director/ 
" All will be redeemed in God's fullness of time , all , not just the small portion of the population who have been given the grace to know and accept Christ . All the strayed and stolen sheep . All the little lost ones . " -Madeleine L'Engle 
I'm in the process of learning the Elvish dialect of Quenya . Be jealous . 
" Hell always has and always will be empty . Why ? Because I ACTUALLY love you ! " -God 
Did you hear that Chelsea Jones is pregnant ? 
Everyone in the McMurry area needs to go Reconciling Ministries Network training tomorrow from 9:30 am - 3 pm to learn how to make a more loving and inclusive church . The kind of church Christ dreamed of . 
Hogwarts ! Hogwarts ! Hogi , Hogi , Hogwarts ! Teach us something please ! 
haha I'm pretty sure I'm the worst dancer in GSA . 
Dear Westboro Baptist , 
I'm a gay , pangender person . When Jesus said , " For God so loved the world ..., " I believe that included me . 
A " fag " that loves God very much . 
Nothing makes me happier than watching Sarah Silverman do her thing . 
I hate when you're not feeling that well , and you just think , I'll sleep a little longer . Then when you wake up you realize all your classes are over , and so is lunch . ... That just happened . 
I hate it when the person you like the most just thinks of you as a friend . 
I slept a total of 20 hours . I don't know what to think about that . 
I just had a strange realization . Liberal Christianity is my culture . 
My Marxist Feminist dialectic brings all the boys to the yard . 
What continues to alarm me is the fact that Christians believe that God loves them and no one else . That is something truly concerning . 
Does anybody know what's up with the bonfire ? 
When you have a problem with your tent , call a lesbian . They can help . 
I just aced a philosophy test . This shall be a night of partying . 
Everyone in the Abilene area ! Dr. Miller , one of the most brilliant professors at McMurry will be making a case for homosexuality , and will be using the Bible , Christian ethics , and all things Jesus-y to do it ! Be there ! It will be amazing . Just like all of his lessons . 
The Bible is not God . Quit trying to make it that . 
She is jealous for us all . And She will never give up on us . Never . On no day will heaven's gates close . Revelation 21:25 
I don't want to go to class today ! I don't care about " Liberal " Protestantism , and I sure as hell don't care about Ne o-o rthodoxy . Why does Intro . to Christianity have to be so lame ?? Can't we just talk about Jesus for once . That would be lovely . 
My favorite person who was hateful to us at Cite ' Lespwa . 
Hateful person : You need to send them guns and ammunition so they can protect themselves next time instead of giving them hand outs . 
Me : It was f***ing earthquake , you idiot ! 
Today is Day of Silence . A day that raises the awareness that in 2011 there are still LGBT people abused by hate rhetoric from the church , family , and others . With all due respect to the people who created this day , I can't stay silent . 30% of all teen suicides each year are the result of this . LGBTs need to know that there is nothing wrong with them . For when God has called something good , who are we to call it sin ? 
Hospitals are so boring . 
To the person down the hall that keeps yelling , " Are you a f***king queer ? " Yes already ... I am a f***king queer . 
I'm really considering going vegan , so if everyone could just go ahead and get their hateful comments out of the way on this status , that would be lovely . 
Not all who wonder are lost . - J.R.R. Tolkien 
I'm bored and like to procrastinate . So like this and I'll tell you : 
1 . ) How we met . 
2 . ) My first impression of you . 
3 . ) What I like about you . 
4 . ) Favorite memory of you 
Oh Harry Potter , how I love to watch you again and again . 
I had a dream that the Our Lady of Guadalupe gave me a Carne Guisada . I think I miss eating meat . 
There is no rose of such virtue than the one that bare Jesu . 
" He has shown you , O mortal , what is good . And what does the Lord require of you ? To act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with your God . " -Micah 6:8 
I will not celebrate a person's death . This is a life . A human . I could never be happy that a human had to die . That would be immoral . No matter who the person was . 
Blessed Pope John Paul II . I like the way that sounds . :) 
" As surely as I live , declares the Sovereign Lord , I take no pleasure in the death of the wicked , but rather that they turn from their ways and live . " -Ezekiel 33:11 
" Do not gloat when your enemy falls ; when they stumble , do not let your heart rejoice . " -Proverbs 24:17 
I once saw a video where the Blessed Pope John Paul II went to a leper colony , and he actually touched these people who society wants nothing to do with . I want to love like that . 
I hate how awkward I am in situations in which I hardly know anyone there . And also , thank you to who ever bought me supper tonight . I wish I could have known who you were so I could have thanked you in person . 
May the 4th be with you ... 
Peace is a lie , there is only passion . 
Through passion , I gain strength . 
Through strength , I gain power . 
Through power , I gain victory . 
Through victory , my chains are broken . 
The Force shall me free . -The Sith Code , Darth Bane <3 
Who in this area owns Star Wars . I must see this today . 
Darth Bane . You are the evilest of evil . Your presence makes me cringe . The fact that your face is sometimes green makes me feel a little queasy . Will you marry me ? If you marry me , a man , in the eyes of this galaxy , you would be most definitely the most evil . 
This is the Rule of Two : one Master and one apprentice . -Darth Bane ( Only true Star Wars fans will know this . ) 
Got my Sith eyes on , ' cause it's Star Wars day . 
I'm a winner , and you're fat . 
Revenge of the fifth ! 
I hate how some closet gays use girls . I mean really and truly use girls . Just grow up . Be a man . And come out . Stop playing with innocent girl's hearts to " better " your reputation . It's really screwed up . I don't care how afraid you are to come out , it's screwed up . 
Ok , adorable nerdy guy . You can show up in my life anytime now , and cuddle with me while I watch Harry Potter . That would be stellar . 
I'm going to be turning 19 in three days . I don't know how I feel about this . :/ 
Favorite part of today's sermon : " You might be an Episcopalian if while watching Star Wars you here ' The Force be with you , ' and you feel compelled to say , ' And also with you . '" The sad thing is , I totally say that . 
Open your eyes ! I see your eyes are open ! 
