Just drank a purple cow 
just ate a blizzard 
went ziplining on tuesday , then movie on wednesday , then does not know what will happen today 
shuffling cards like a boss . 
finally getting the hang of a back full !!!!! 
Who's going left ?!!! 
watching Harry Potter . the fourth one 
Just movin through summer 
Driving lessons tomorrow !!!!!!! 
just moved a 600 pound rock 20 some feet !!! 
Left Friday for a cabin in West Virgina . Had a blast mountian biking , four wheeling , and doing some serious deforestation with a stick :) , and is now home on the computer ! 
Who going left ? 
havin some fun playin jazz on his cello at a string camp 
Was just coached by an olympian !!!!!! 
has multiple rips on his hand and they hurt like mothers !!!!! 
sick :( 
is goin to Cirque du Soleil : Saltimbanco later tonite !!!! 1 
new laptop is here and im using it right now !!!! 
HOMEWORK !!!! :( 
chillin after a long day at school 
kaylynns here . osu party . 
playin Halo 3 : ODST it is amazing !!!!!!!! 
Listining to some music and rewriting a flag retirement ceremony 
just did some strenght and conditioning and feels really good ! 
ugh cleaning 
just finished watching Saltimbanco !! it was awsome !! 
beat ODST on ledgendary WHAT NOW ?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
went to north's football game we crushed mifflin 43-0 !!!!! 
trying to find the audiophiles on ODST got 29 so far i think ? 
Finally 16 !!!! 
found this really sweet darth vader poster in the 4th bedroom and has to put it up in his room somewhere !!!! 
nothin much about to go to bed cause i just finished watching Transformers 2 ! 
Home ODST with tony 
finsihing ASL 2 flashcards , does anyone know when the next ASL club is ? 
who knows what time the game is tonite ?? 
Made it in to chamber orchestra !!!!!!! 
last in-car today going downtown ! 
in car lesson today ! 
wow didnot realize that right after social interview asked a question and u answered it it went immediatly to posting cuz i answered like 15 of them 
OU's honors orchestra camp was amazing ! we played some pretty epic songs !!!! 
I completed MW2 finally and the ending is EPIC !!!! 
turning in for the nite 
yay ! lifting at 5:45 in the morning tomorrow ! 
just got a bonsi tree !!!!!! 
It takes 43 muscles to frown , 17 to smile , but it doesn't take any to sit there with a dumb look on your face , i just thought i would throw that out there ! 
NOW OWNS A FEDORA !!!!!!!! 
everyone should come to the combined orchestra and choir concert tonite !!!!! its at 7 in the p.a.c. 
NEW PHONE LATER TONITE !!!!!!!! i can't wait !!!!! Alias 2 ! 
where is everyone getting pictures of pokemon for their profile pic ??!?!?!?!?! 
Eclair Cake is amazing and if you have never had any you are missing out and I will make you one and give it to you ! 
just saw the proposal 
I know it is in the middle of the afternoon but MERRY CHRISTMAS and I hope everyone got what they wanted !!!!! 
Just saw Tranformers 2 and declares it the most epic movie ever !!!!! 
Ok guys I got my phone taken away and idk for how long so u can't txt me :( 
Well not the alias 2 i got the lg env touch instead !!!! 
Am i too old to have a crush b/c i am completely falling for this girl ... 
finally started driving classes !!!!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOSH and good nite everyone ! 
gets to mow 2 lawns today :( 
is the sophmores new color white ??? 
Halo 3 ODST vidmaster challenge gettin !!!!!!!! 
wow me and spencer destroy everyoneelse on xbox live i don't think we lost a game at all the whole time we were playing 
I finally set up my flat screen and it is freaking AMAZING !!!!!! 
doing homework and hopeing i made it to OU's orchestra camp with my audition today ! 
Maybe going over to seans soon ??? 
up late cuz no school tomorrow !!!!!!!! 
doing algebra 2 it is soo long 
is friday really hat day ???? cuz if it is im wearing my fedora !!!!!!! 
spent most of the day over at Kaylynns helping her with her earth science project . 
ok so i was supposed to have weight lifting in the morning but because of the 2 hour delay it was canceled while i was eatting breakfast and already being awake i decided to play modern warfare 2 until school starts at nine 
I didn't know it was possible for one person to hurt so much . Goodnight 
Hey so my brother is having some people over that are his age and I'm looking to escape them when they come , sooooo my question is who would be willing to abduct me for the night ? 
Just got Kingdom Hearts Re : coded ! :DDDDDDDDDD 
" Kroger + Money = Monster " Taylor Okel 
Soooo I was just wondering ..... but who is going where and doing what this friday in regards to homecoming or antihomecoming activities 
I know what it takes to move on 
I know how it feels to lie 
All I want to do is trade this life for something new 
Holding on to what I haven't got 
Flying at the speed of light 
Thoughts were spinning in my head 
So many things were left unsaid 
It’s hard to let you go 
-The first 5 friends that are in the sidebar on your profile are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . 
-How screwed are you ? 
Meagan Torch , Matthew Bussey , Carson Myers , Ryan Kerschner , David Vandenbark 
I must saw I got an interesting crew ! 
This is not the end , this is not the beginning 
Just a voice like a riot rocking every revision 
But you listen through the tone and the violent rhythm and 
Though the words sound steady , something empty's within ' em 
Alright ! pretty awesome parkour practice at cap city with Michael Faga , Josh Harris , and Matt Riordan ! can't wait for next week when we can bring Temitope Ogungbadero into our mess ! :P 
We say yeah / with fists flying up in the air 
Like we're holding onto something that's invisible there 
' Cause we're living at the mercy of the pain and fear 
Until we dead it / forget it / let it all disappear 
who has breakfast plans tomorrow ??? 
if you could relive any two months of your life , what would they be and why ? 
i have your phone -mike faga 
Had a fun time at Donna Lake's tonight with all Halo : Reaching and the unfortunate tickle rape ! 
I <3 my bestfriend Aliyah Baskind 
Oh and sage advice , every situation can be solved with the simple application of plastic explosives . 
thanks Aliyah Baskind and Taylor Okel for being the best friends on the planet and letting me vent to them on our pimp ride to gahanna ( aka hell ) 
Jonah Larson , Michael Faga , Taylor Okel , and I are now the fantastic four ! 
double rainbow in kaylynn's backyard for the win 
so , are you ready yet ? 
lolz power just flickered 
Mens swimming 7-0 lets go ! I also got a PR in the 50 free and helped all 3 c relays out touch the opponents b relays ! Nice job guys ! 
well it is 4 i guess i should start working on the massive mound of hw i have to make up ...... not looking forward to that :( 
i can't believe disney world is over !!!!!! it was such a blast !!!!!!!! 
on a boat in the atlantic . cant beat this ! 
Just finished an epic day ! I mowed two lawns , did some homework , and the took my first diving lesson and the coach there thinks I'm great ! 
already had swim practice , biked there and back , then biked to an elders house to mow their lawn , biked back and i'm about to pump iron . i just might get fit this summer ! 
I am totally going to do diving with the ACES !!!!!!!!! and them dive for North next comp . season !!!! 
at kaylynns ! yay ! 
I have known many good people who did not believe in God . But I have never known a human being who was good who did not believe in people ~ John Lovejoy Elliott 
I find it funny that the two people im Iming with both live over 500 miles away ! 
YES i got my Driver's Licence !!!!!!!! 
" im spooning ur stick . " -me . " thank you " - Elyse . akward ....... 
just got home from watching Toy Story 3 with Meagn , Elyse , and Caitlin ! 
I believe i'm addicted to diving ! 
ok so i am done with 100 problems in the Algebra 2 exam packet . and i still have 24 more to go ... 
had an amazing night at homecoming ! 
oh wow is it really friday ? this week went by fast ! 
although it was a bit chilly , i had an awesome night at the game ! Go panthers !!!! and thanks Aliyah Baskind for the conversation in my car , your awesome !!!!!! :) 
@ kaylynn fulton is my best friend . 
why must physics be so confusing !! why ! 
Orchestra Concert tonight at 7:00 in the PAC ! whos gonna come ??? 
my brain is fried ........... 
YESS !!!! i am done with all my exam packets ! 
Just got back from camping at Nagatamen all week ! It was awsome ! I gotta get moving if I wanna make to Kyle's grad party ! 
Yes , first swim meet that im actually going to make it to it tonight ! 
kaylynn fulton is my best friend :) 
i see dolphins !!!!!!!! 
I had a BLAST at Taylor Okel's bonfire ! With Elyse Tramontano's help I successfully picked up Aliyah Baskind !!!! 
precalc , physics , english , and economics homework in one evening ! come on give me a break ! 
i've got one thing on my mind and it's set on an infinate loop D: 
I need tomorrow to come NOW 
On my way to the land of dead electronics and no cell phone service . I'll be back saturday . 
patience is a virtue but persistance to the point of success is a blessing 
swim champs today ! go kingfish ! 
its christmas eve and only about a quarter of the swimmer are going to practice 
for the first time im not nervious about my meet . ive got two relays , a 50 free , and 50 fly . plz text me its going to be a loooooong night 
I have a feeling that I'm really going to hate English this year :( , but Honors Physics should be awesome ! 
i'm going to have the most epic english project ever , good night ! 
at Ceder Point ! been riding coasters all day !!!!!!! 
there is a flaming car on I-70 !!! 
the evil english long term substitute has resigned ! the student population can rejoyce ! 
this weather in December is glorious ! 
finally did an inward 1 and a 1/2 !!! saw some pretty good dives tonight ! 
i just realized that the trix rabbit is always tripping on trix ( acid) ! 
did an armstand flip on 7 meter today ! 
is soooo not ready for 5:30 a.m. weightlifting ....... 
had an awesome birthday ! thanks to all of my wonderful friends and family for wishing me a happy birthday !!!!!!!! 
Had an epic day climbing with Meagan Torch , Michael Faga , and Matt Riordan !!!!! we have to do that again sometime and next time I wont rip up my hands as much .... 
alright , massive christmas concert tonight ! Good luck to the orchestra , jazz band , chorale , and choir ! 
i usually dont do these kinda things but i decided to try it ! Like my status & I'll tell you : 
1 ) Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 
2)The color you remind me of 
3 ) My first memory of you 
4 ) The animal you remind me of 
5 ) . Ask something I've always wondered about you 
6 ) My favorite thing about you 
7 ) Give you a weird nickname 
great job PHSN men's swimming ! another one in the bag ! 3-0 let's go ! 
i love it when you alter the settings in Reach firefight and and so much stuff explodes the framerate starts tripping over itself 
had an awesome dinner at bd " s monglian grill with Meagan Torch , Donna Lake , and Josh Gebhart !!! 
i got lost in the music last period 
mens swimming scores ! 
Pick North 90 
Olentangey Liberty 80 
WAY TO GO NORTH !!!!! 
so today at COSI academy we went to a hospital and were able to experiment with their robotic lifelike dummies !!! The doctors stoped its heart and killed it and then we brought it back to life !!!!! 
@Aliyah Baskind conducts soooooo much better then Steig 
You and I wake up in jail together , using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . 
time to make a boss physics car ? i think yes 
OCC's champs ! Let's go ! 
alright , the cold weather has beaten me like it always does at the start of every winter ..... not going to school tomorrow , sorry 
taylor okel is smarter than a retarded ipod 
haha so Ozment gave me a phlub stub cuz I did a backflip ! 
my . mind . has . collapsed . 
Im not broke , but you can see the cracks . You can make me perfect again . 
OCC's today , Let's go North Swimming ! 
