not looking forward to house xc 
still dream theater rawr 
Tips to win house cross ... u15 James McDonaugh ( spelling ? ) , u16 Chris Brennan , u17 Sean Whipp , open Nick Hiruma . 
WATERLOO ' 10 
WATERLOO ' 10 
wait .. what now ? taylor swift is 5'11 " ? 
will attempt to run all 4 next year ... 
Just call my name , ' cause I'll hear you scream .. master .. master ....... MASTOOORRR ..... MASTOOOORRR .... mastooorrr .... e , b , e , g , a , e , a , e , e , f# , e , d , a , g , c , g , d , g , d , g , e , b , a , a , b , a , b , a , b , b , d# , a , b , g ... 
methods project yay 
anyone going to neap bio tmrw 
lack of guitars + electricity . 
and ... DREAM THEATER RAWR ! dec 7 . 
Mesa/Boogie Road King Series II 
STEVE VAI 
Dream Theater rawr 
-- Forwarded message -- From : William Gort Subject : Sir Michael Assembly Tomorrow Hey Guys , I have been informed that Sir Michael only intends on speaking for a short period tomorrow . He will then take questions . It would be of great assistance if you could all prepare a question for him tomorrow to give from the audience . Also pass on this info to as many people as you can so that we can be prepared . Thanks , Will 
in case people where wondering if there was sport tomorrow , or thinking last week was the last week , false . pritchard says sport is on . 
anyone know what q6 on bio was ? 
Ben Aw-Yeong Waterloo Captain 2010 
dislike 
has trouble understanding the relevance of the photos in the I FLIP MY PILLOW OVER TO GET TO THE COLD SIDE group ... 
Battle Studies . 
Thanks for the support guys 
Ben Aw-Yeong 2010 ! 
Ye olde Dream Theater . 
icypole . 
Hi everyone . I'm having a secret relationship with Tiger Woods . 
single handedly clearing the icypoles out of the freezer 
Vote Aw-Yeong Waterloo 2010 
how is taylor swift 5'10 " ? 
kirilenko doing nicely again 
Sharapova vs Kirilenko first round . hmm 
KIRILENKO . 
is not great at cooking spam . 
in dna replication , there is the sense strand and the nonsense strand . 
who's got bedier for spec , asensio for eng or sarbo for chem ? 
do any waterlooian bassists have a 5 string ? 
go kiri . 
odd question : does anyone here know dr stiglec's brother ? and does he have a 5 string bass ? 
actually , anyone know what any of the questions were for bio ? 
rawr . i am bear 
waterloo instrumentals page will ( should ) be updated on a regular basis from now on . please check it daily for updates . also keep an eye out in the notices 
will experience severe necrosis in his quads on monday 
anyone wanna swim an a relay ? 
HIS POWER LEVEL ...... ITS OVER NINE THOUSAND !! 
AT THE GATES . 
really hoping 6/7 is dismissed tmrw ... 
have remained unscathed by f . resher spread . 
Karnivool , why did you pick swotvac/exam period to tour .... 
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice . 
Karnivool . 
eng exam at school starting 8:50 - 9:00 ish anyone ? 
will be donating Campbell Pryor's money to the greatest cause to emerge this century : an international monetary fund that aims to combat the destituteness of Sherpas with gastric reflux 
Aw-Yeong proudly uses and endorses : dimed on all settings : Line6 Spider III 100w head and Marshall MG100 head in stereo through 42 Marshall MC412s with 3 each of Boss DS-1s , MT-2s and ML-2s in line with no noise gate . i get t3h 4w350m3 br00t4l357 killer lead and rhythm t0n35 ! 
27 years . 
to all you wagging tomorrow , there is a year 12 downball tournament meeting in n16 on friday at recess to enter 
two spots available in db for tomorrow 
apparently i walked past nathan buckley on swan st yesterday . simply did not notice . 
pentamethylsilane 
needs Malcolm Turnbull back . 
need to be at melb airport 12:00 , true ? 
owl city is terrible . discuss 
Cities provide the infrastructure needed for television , which in turn brings about a greater capacity for community enjoyment . The sharp distinction between urban and ' wild ' environments is subtley defined in the TV show , Man vs . Wild , hosted by Bear Grylls on the Discovery Channel . He provides those in city environments with amusement and entertainment , which in turn can bring about greater community satisfaction . 
MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament Join the group of interested in playing , and invite all those who you think might want to play . Also , meeting will take place on Friday at recess 
Due to Winter Concert reheasals , there is only one db singles game that can run on Thursday . King down : Axel Almet , Vivek Noble , Jesse Ngo , Arun Bharatula , Salil James , Antony Nguyen , Mark Jeffery , Mustafa Ahmed 
what to put on rugby top . 
Jacqueline Manning's lack of pinky use is actually REALLY annoying me 
A TANGENT TO THE CURVE OF TREPIDATION 
whos going age expo/what days ? 
Click ' like ' if I have ever made you smile in your life , then put this in your status to see who you've made smile ! 
Clown and clowncore has now been added to Severin's list of genres . 
<3 heater under the desk . 
MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament : 1 spot left for singles , 3 for doubles . comment here or message me or pat cox if you want in 
" when i pulled my hamstring , i went to a misogynist " HUH 
Downball : Thu game 1 
1 . 8 MJ 
2 . 5 Felix ( Wookey forfeit ) 
3 . 5 Wookey 
4 . -1 Woon ( def Chosich 6-4 ) 
5 . -1 Chosich 
6 . -5 Lawrence 
6 . -5 RAtkins 
8 . -9 Alan Pham 
Quote : 
Originally posted by Eryth 
Dude , when you drop a guitar , it 
will get detuned . It's the law of physics . 
from 101 
Things To Do With Your Boyfriend / Girlfriend : 47 . Keep one of her bras somewhere where 
you see it 
everyday . WTF ? 
flaw : why is stuff burning if you cant breathe on pandora ? 
Still taking entries for MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament . Comment on either the singles or doubles discussion boards to enter . Entries close Wednesday MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament 
linesperson in the top left looks about 20 years too young for her job 
if abbott becomes pm , god help us . WHERE IS TURNBULL 
what time is richard tmrw ? 
Chris Ong , Ashwin Sharma , Bryan Hong , Derek Eer , Dev Bhattacharya , Jarek G ? owacki , Arvind Jothin , Dennis Jap : tuesday for db game good ? 
Pope John Paul George Ringo I 
Haribo Goldbären 
Due to a late entry from some integral people in making this thing happen , we are in dire need of more teams for the MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament doubles . Comment here or pm me if interested 
whos doing what for richard tmrw ? 
there seem to be an alarming number of Cs in the 2010 insight ... 
Entries 
for MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament still open . Closing Wednesday . If you aren't on the list on the discussion boards then you aren't entered 
Friday's db game is running as scheduled . King down : Chris Bui , Clemente Chia , Stanrey Saw Fanclub , Salil James , Morris Shokr , Kelvin Tong , Sam Heselev , Gavin Wei 
anyone vaguely around east doncaster up for a db sesh this week ? 
Entries for MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament close today . Sign up for singles and/or doubles , if you haven't already , on the discussion board . 
is the adelaide exchange centenary tie open for anyone to buy , or just people competing ? 
As a result , doubles is starting throughout lunch and periods 6 and 7 . 

1 . Justin Le / Danny Huynh vs Chris Ong 
/ Junou Qin 
2 . Marc Howarth / Ashton Pereira vs Clemente Chia / Nam Cao 
3 . Arvind Jothin / Ken Qu vs Matthew Wallis / Karl Vazifdar 
4 . James Milessi / Wayne Perera vs Alan Pham / Quyen Pham 
5 . Ashwin Sharma / Shanaka Jayakody vs Pat King / Oscar Wookey 
Patrick King , Oscar Wookey , Thomas Li , Mark Jeffery , Richard Atkins , Joshua Yuvaraj : are you on the legal excursion on Monday ? Anyone in the DB tournament on the legal excursion , please let me know as well 
MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament entries open again ; sign up on the discussion board . There are 8 places available ( currently 56 people signed up ) . People who sign up after the remaining 8 are filled can only play if we reach 80 people 
instant noodles with inconsistently cooked egg ( Y ) 
JOIN If 2000 people join by 25/6/10 , Anthony Vu will bleach his hair blonde . 
First game for the MHS Downball Tournament will take place Monday , 1:10 sharp . In order from king downwards : Prusoth Yoga , Justin Le , Paul Khoo , James Nguyen , Marc Howarth , Karl Vazifdar , Antony Nguyen , Wayne Perera . 
Make sure you all know the rules and double check them on Sunday . You will not be able to claim ignorance of any rule 
Outcome of second downball singles game : 
1 . 7 Howarth 
2 . 5 J . Le 
3 . 2 Antony 
4 . 0 Wayno 
5 . -3 Karl 
6 . -7 Prusoth 
7 . -8 Josh 
8 . -9 Jamesy 
Refer to the MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament discussion board for when you'll be playing on Thursday since I can't fit them all in a status 
Friday db game : 
Morris Shokr , Ken Qu , Ashton Pereira , Arvind Jothin , Marc Howarth , Nam Cao , Salil James , Arun Bharatula 
Friday Downball results : 
1 . 17 Heselev 
2 . 1 Salil 
3 . -1 Stanrey ( 5-2 Morris ) 
4 . -1 Morris 
5 . -2 Chia 
6 . -3 Kelvin 
7 . -5 Gavin 
8 . -7 Bui 
Monday's game king down : Marcus Frajman , Sachin Nagaretnam , Robert Chin , Brian Tan , Nam Cao , Ben Aw-Yeong , James Milessi , William Poh . Someone please inform William 
Outcome of first downball singles game : 
1 . 14 Mustafa 
2 . 6 Culhane 
3 . -1 Ken ( def Suthan 5-2 tiebreak ) 
4 . -1 Suthan 
5 . -3 Garry 
6 . -4 Jaxom 
7 . -5 Eddie Kok 
8 . -6 Justin Lee 
Tomorrow's game , king down : Prusoth Yoga , Justin Le , Paul Khoo , James Nguyen , Marc Howarth , Karl Vazifdar , Antony Nguyen , Wayne Perera 
Downball : 
Thu game 2 
1 . 22 Pat Cox 
2 . 3 Ashton 
3 . 1 Robbo 
4 . 0 Axel 
5 . -2 Forwang 
5 . -2 Justin Lew 
7 . -5 Paul Khoo 
8 . -7 Kento 
Marcus Frajman , Sachin Nagaretnam , Brian Tan , are you ok to have your db game on tuesday ? 
Due to the legal excursion , the order that the games in the first round of the DB singles tournament have needed to change . As before , Monday's game starts at 1:10 sharp , with or without you . From king down : Eddie Kok , Oscar Wookey , Tom Garry , Chris Culhane , Mustafa Ahmed , Ken Qu , Suthan Mohanakumar , Justin ?? Lee 
MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament entries close at 12 
last chance to enter MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament , draw is about to be finalised 
a remind for all db players , check my previous statuses to see if you are playing . there will also be a list posted on the noticeboard outside the coordinators office 
MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament draws have been redone and finalised with all new entrants 
MHS Year 12 Downball Tournament : 3 places left in singles , 5 places left in doubles 
Downball : Thu game 4 
1 . 9 Motz 
2 . 0 Arun 
3 . -1 Ruderman 
4 . -2 Anirudh 
5 . -2 PK 
6 . -2 Elias 
6 . -2 Strus 
8 . -5 Campbell 

Tiebreaks : 
PK def Elias 5-3 
Anirudh def Strus 6-4 
Anirudh def PK 5-3 
Campbell Pryor . how could you lose . 
who in db has the physics excursion tmrw ? 
Downball Tournament : 
We're down to the final 2 in singles , and there's one semi left in doubles . Here we go : 
Singles final : 
Felix Fung vs Sam Heselev 
Friday 3/9 lunch , Cox Court 
Doubles final : 
Ben Aw-Yeong / Felix Fung vs [ winner of Pat Cox / Antony Nguyen and Mustafa Ahmed / Suthan Mohanakumar ] 
Monday 6/9 lunch , year 11 courts 
UTAS = WTDucksAndCygnets 
anyone doing medentry monash interview thingy tmrw ? 
VTAC , your website makes me want to stick pitchforks into cute puppies . LOAD 
anyone have Mustafa Ahmed's number ? 
One day , I want to copy someones status , word for word , and see if they notice 
Campbell Pryor , not enough of the world's rhubarb is generated in Nepal 
well done uni of adelaide 
is a paradoxical Asian . 
Also , number of practice exams done is inversely proportional to VCE study scores ( with the exception of economics ) 
total fire ban ? 
