I had my athletics carnival today and i nearly made it for long jump 
soccer semi-finals tomorrow 
doing my stupid english assesment 
stupid english assignement whish it didnt have to be a stupid news paper report on the outsiders 
ok the morons who want to fight fight on this post ok lauren has had enough 
i am pissed off : @ 
i am pissed off 
if one more of my freinds comment on this bloody comment of mine god help me 
i finished my english assesment yes 
ok a notice to all my freinds if anyone except ryan me or jordan comment and start a fight with kristen or shannon i am going to be extreamly pissed off and god help me 
please shannon i am being as diplomatic a s posible dont start a fight 
yay the fight is over for now 
i drew in soccer today 1-1 we are going to the semi-finals yay 
i will have to trake sides against you and i dont want to do that 
stupid assesments 
ohh goodness me life is shit 
i am pissed of so much at my brother right now 
A wise old man once told me " hard work pays off later . Lazyness pays off now " 
at least soccer shorts come to our knees , AFL shorts ... pffttt ... more like Briefs man ..... Bonds underwear ( Y ) they run around half naked ... hugging eachother .. kicking an egg shaped ball ... wtf . . btw i didnt say this thought i would post it anyway 
go parra !!!! 
bethany fun fair was mad 
had mad fun at the football 
at work 
my brother is such a little shit 
bored 
doing my science assesment it is easy well for me at least 
" you will never catch me alive muhahaha " 
dont you just hate it when you try talking to someone and they take 10 min to say hi so then when you ask them hru they log off 
it's raining it's poring the old man is snoring 
i like curly wurlys 
Nazism- If you have two cows the government shoots you and keeps the cows Fascicism- If you have two cows you keep the cows and give the milk to the government and the government then sells you the milk 
ohh i feel so bad right now 
ok well my computer has a mind of its own opening web pages and closeng other programs 
If 1+1 = 2 then 2+2 must equal what ? 
yea but jimmy u see okay in foot buff men run around in short shorts tackling each other to the ground and jumping on them okay now i kno u love having a big swetty man on top of u but most ppl dont thouhgt i would post wat some people said about football 
Just got back from the awards night i got a award for litugical services and also some medal for football(my new name is now Johnathan Toleafoa ) lol 
ohh i am so frikking pissed of right now how come stupid technology never works !!!! 
Goodness me i hate facebook chat ( try working for once) !!!! 
stupid power is out good thing i have a laptop 
found out a empty plastc 2L bottle of milk weighs 44.8 grams 
going to soccer training 
Noticed i am currently situated in universe A and to simplify that down i am in the section of the milky way galaxy of universe A and withing the milky way galaxy i am in the solar system quadrant with in the iner planets ( planet 3)earth . Also i am in the southern hemisphere in the western bloc Australia :) 
Is that precise enough kristen 
When flying an airplane If ever in doubt go up . No one has ever colided with the sky ! 
got stupid needles today 
Paintball was awesome !!!! Black team smashed the green in capture the flag I got hit so many times during the board patrol I have really sore head after that . 
lost soccer again !!!!! in a real shitty mood 
needs to study ! 
????????? 
Play the color game (: copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 
Red = I love you . 
Pink = your cute . :P 
Green = your funny . XD 
Orange = I like you . XoXo 
White = I use to like you 

Yellow = your amazing . =] 
Black = I hate you . :S 
Blue = friends 4 ever . :) 
Purple = your hott . ;) 
Is thinking :) 
Went into sydney today went to the aquarium and Sydney wild life world 
Getting attacked by hail :S wishing I wasnt outside at the time 
Went to plaza today saw Due date with Jordan , Kristen two of her freinds , My wingman ;) Ryan , Alex and My best freind mel :) we got to go to the NAB and to bigW as well :) 
Have soccer at 2:30 today 
At mcdonalds with jordan 
2nd game today was much better still lost but we deserved to win :) 
There is only Hate 
There is only tears 
There is only pain 
There is no love here 
There is only lies 
There is only fears 
There is only pain 
I'm boring 
doing my geo assesment and after that i have another 3 assesments to do how fun 
going to soccer soon hope we win :) 
In maths with Jake 
In math 
YESSS finaly getting internet for my laptop :D 
social was fun as 
Finished my geography RAP ( research action plan ) finished my math assignment/test and finished my science assignment :D 3 down two more to go i think 
its 10/10/10 at 10:10 am 
lost soccer as usual 2-1 stupid team were very agressive 
writing a 6 concept analysis of the entire 1st movement of Eine Kline Nachtmusik how fun 
yet again lost soccer 6-1 our team cant score pass or mark our players :( 
Anyone know what rationalism is ( In a political terms ) But dont tell me it is mid way between idealism and internationalism 
science assessment sounds quite fun actualy 
does anyone know how to delete a group on facebook really need to know 
stupid bus was 1 hour late to the bus stop today 
is very annoyed >:( 
Finaly got sibelius for my music assignment 
putting up the christmas tree 
Hahaha I finished my homework and to think it only took 2 and a half hours :) 
soccer game in 2 hours 
damos party was awesome played cricket did a great catch played football jordan ripped his shirt good work damo lol 
lousy computer took me 30 min just to close a non- reponding program and be able to open the internet again 
anyone know how to delete a group on facebook really need to know 
Shannon is awesome :) (: 
Shannon was here >>>>>> . >>>>>>> 24.6.10 at 4:19 pm thursay 
God I hate math i cant do anything I want to do because i suck at it >:( 
If time is such a valuble thing , than why do we waste it ? 
Going to camp for the week ! Lets hope it is better then last year 
If you belive in Karma you get what you give , if are good you get goodness in return . If you belive in Ying and yang there will be a balance of good and bad times on your life , for more bad you have the better your life will be later on . But if you believe in a God it is alot of bad things happening to you for good things you do to others , untill after you die when god decides if you get happiness or not 
im stuffed :S 
Looks like some things in life are just unfixable no matter how hard u try to fix them 
As is the usual i lost soccer again i really wish my team could score goals 
Lost soccer again 1-0 cant help feeling that goal was my fault :( 
YESSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!! finished english speech :D :) :) 
social was really good thanks to the SRC good work 
Well today sucked went to the movies while kristen gave jordan death stares and refused to even have him near him and i now im off soccer training :( 
Had my science yearlys today :S 
I find it very coincidental that every person I was just talking to told me brb or that they had to go 
this night gets better and better now im in trouble cause of a phone bill what is next grounded because i forgot to clean kitchen again 
at jordans house :) going to glenmore shops soon 
Really need to do my geo assignment 
According to the JBS one out of 5 rachelles spell billie Joe incorrectly :O that means you Rachelle Ballantyne :) 
God taught us music in physics :) 
" This is a disaster such a catastrophe " 
today has been boring all o have done all day is assignments 
just updated my ipod to 4.0 :) 
Not looking forward to the math school certificate exam 
Contrary to poular belief catching on fire is " not " healthy and can cause symptoms of : 
-Burning 
-Scalding 
-Panic 
-Embarressment 
-Death 
lost soccer again 2-0 sometimes i wonder if we have a midfield at all 
In my life there is always one problem after another i fix something and something worse happens as a result :( 
got a soccer game at 3 we might even win :) 
shannon is a jigawogi :) 
if my good friend jordan falls from 20000m high in the air and reaches a terminal velocity will he survive impact if this happens ? lol 
finished my religion assignment :D yes 1 down 5 more to go 
Negotiation sucks and i am sick of doing it leads to more bloody problems >:( 
My cruise was very eventfull spent half the time advoiding cyclones had sea sickness and got a needle to stop it then I caught chicken pox lucky me :) 
Thunderwhocanfalconbird 
" im just a poor boy , nobody loves me . " :) 
found out i have serious mental issues :) 
Excersion to city today was awesome haha grant got a mushroom :P 
jarrod has a sexy ass :) 
when taalking to someone do u ever get the feeling your just pissing them off :( 
I won soccer today 4-2 :) :) :) i went striker as well :D 
Came runner up in the pennant finals ( in other words we lost in the loser finals 3-2 ) 
Jordan is extremely jealous about me being on facebook at his house while he is sitting next to me saying " this sucks :( " 
hahahaha finished all my assignments except music due next term :) 
Muse is awesome ! 
going to glenmore shops to do geo assignment 
Finishing off my resume and cover letter 
ok , lets go dealer ( dealer pull out call , 
handed it to me ) , a joker , you meant to take them out of the deck , 
( dealer says oh sorry ) , ( pulls out another card ) , wats this rules of 
player poker rrrr !!! No NO its was Homer !!! 
My ipod just had a white screen and it wouldnt go away and then while I was having a panic attack I tried pressing a bunch of things and I fixed it :) I am so smart 
movies tomorrow :D 
at home with Jordan and Callum :) 
Is bored and in a bad mood 
Umpired mod ball today 
Yes but as i said , Damo knowing has caused you to know what i and damo know and because you now know you must elaborate on what you know so i know how much you know 
Hope i went well in trials 
Its funny how songs can relate to pretty much every aspect of my life ! 
Its a well known fact ! You cant run without legs !!! 
Camp was AWESOME !!!! I mountain biked absailed rock climbed , Walked over three mountains and 5 knolls ! which me and my wingman navigated our group along , Canoed and slept outside and spent great time with freinds around a camp fire . 
The name ' Optimum experience ' is fairly acurate . :) 
Did 5 pages of study for one topic feeling very smart :D 
had a fairly disasterous bike ride . Swooped by magpies twice pushed down a hill in a trolley into a bin and got a massive cut on my back thanks for that callum 
sorted out all of my electives problems in about 2 min while waiting 20 min 
Realised that we canoed 14km we walked about 18km and mountain biked for 3km adding up to 35km all up 
Most people have much worse problems then us . Yet we still feel sorry for ourselves 
At jordans house sheltering from the heat the sun was laughing his evil laugh at me :) 
I am a sunken ship , a crashed plane a mangled car wreck with nothing left to salvage 
finds it annoying when I talk to people and they dont bother to have the common curtisy to say hello or even bother talking 
Bethany fun fair was fun 
We all have a path to follow it is our choice and responsibility to follow it , but we also have the choice to stray from the path . Whether we stray from the path on purpose or because of a failure . We can always get back on the path and continue on with life . 
Really enjoys speaking to brick walls except for them not speaking back ! 
Mad skills !!! 
sisters dancing concert on tonight 
I got a new bike :) 
Went to movies today with trent , ryan and daniel today saw tron was actualy quite good 
Waiting for fire works :D 
Well english homework is really crap ! 
Hahahahahahahah miley Cyrus got caught smoking bong :) 
Looks like the storm is comming back for another hit :S 
Loves speaking to no one 
I got my report back I went awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Just saw on the news that Penrith got hit the worst by the storm and we got 50mm of rain in 4 minutes or so :) 
Enjoyed shooting Jordan yesterday with the dart gun :) 
I got my glassess :D I can read things again :) 
Like and I'll rate u out of 10 :) 
I proved a physics textbook wrong :D 
My religion assignment is already annoying me >:( cant anybody write a worthwhile news story these days 
Do not dwell in the past , do not dream of the future , concentrate the mind on the present moment . Buddah 
wow physics homework is fun :\ 
Working on my 6-8 min speech :S 
Plaza was fun today I got some free chocolate :) and there was this thing that tried to kill Jordan , Jack and me :S 
In a bad mood 
' Never dissmiss anyone , Alway listen to what other people have to say , because you never know where the next great idea wil come from ' 
I have to say my speech in about 2 hours :S 
Just got back from my speech , had a panic attack after seeing how good the others were . I didnt make it through but it was a very good experience 
Cleaned up Australia :) 
Had a great day today :) I did something usefull and I got to go movies :) 
I haved proved in physics that joshua's hair is the greatest source for static electricity :) 
Am disliking gravity currently :/ 
I am in the Newspaper :D 
Had a awesome time at the movies today with , my wingman , My bestfreind , Twin and jordan :) 
Wow Japan is getting hammered , They have to deal with tsunami's , Earthquakes and now radiation leaks at power plants :/ I really hope they are ok 
:( 
:) Having an awesome conversation with danielle :) 
Math test was so easy today :) 
Also great time at plaza today :D 
Movies was great :) Also saw shell at the library :O 
Okay my body is officaly stuffed up 
<3 <3 <3 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just for one hour . Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends 
Got an early birthday present :D 
Finding out I will not go blind in my left eye I only have some other disorder that wont cause any problems :D 
I got my licence :D !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just stacked it on my bike :/ 
" Never interupt your opponent while he is making a mistake " :) 
I went for my first drive today :D !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Doing my physics assignment :) 
I won soccer :D 4-3 :) 
This PDHPE assignment is very time consuming :/ 
just did my assignment for 7 hours not even half way :( 
I did it I finished my stupid assignment :D !!!!!! 
Funny enough I get rid of all my assignments and get another two today :/ 
I am equal 3rd in modern history :D 
I came 23 or something in cross country :D I just missed out on a can od drink :/ 
Doing my religion essay :/ 
Got to play soccer in rain today :) had a tie 1-1 
had a awesome day with danielle :) 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS if you know someome that has been eaten by Mitchell Cavanagh . Mitchell Cavanagh is nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , he culd breath fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by Mitchell Cavanagh . 6% of people are sitting in their showers armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost 
Got soccer training now 
wish I didnt stay up to 2:00 am :/ 
Just remembered while standing at bus stop 
799 doesnt operate on publich holidays :/ 
Lost soccer 2-1 so should have won :/ 
going to rachelles party :) 
that jumping castle is going to be mine >:) 
Rachelle's party was AWESOME !!!!!! I claimed the top if the jumping castle even when it collapsed me :P 
I gave blood today :) we had to give 1L or something 
Just got back from debating 
it went awesome !!! 
I think the team and I went very well also thanks to ryan for the support in the crowd :P 
