has never walked for so long in such heavy rain and been so amazingly drenched ... not to mention the two guys who walked in on me changing with beer in their hands ... 
is trying to get motivated 
TRANSFORMERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
must ... do ... something ... fun ... 
it could happen to you 
the bad news is time flies . the good news is you're the pilot . 
<3 thank you so much everyone ! <3 
is bummed out 
can't stand it 
oh , the anticipation ... 
Ok- no computer , basically no cell phone ... call my house if you're just dying to talk to me ... 
doesn't have a computer right now so call/text me if you need me 
first day on the job 
mmm ... blueberries 
is in New York till Friday 
is almost home 
is beat 
loves darren brown ! 
misses Sumayyah :( 
had lots of fun today :D 
the guild ! 
the Lord is too good to me ! 
holy guacomole ! 
Lord have mercy 
:) 
Only In Dreams 
good grief 
Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing 
it's official ! 
Looking out the corner of my eyeI can see that the sunshine will explodeFar across the desert in the sky 
these smiling eyes are just a mirror for the sun 
new york , new york ! what a wonderful town ! 
today's gonna be a great day ! 
wishes new york lasted longer 
great job ... 
is extremely nervous about this resume and that other thing 
is going home today !!!!!! 
wow this is hard 
is home on Wednesday !!!!!! :D 
internet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D ... now i need a real computer and a phone 
patrick swayze died ?!?! 
is lovin chestertown 
had a lovely weekend with some wonderful people ;D 
crap !!!!!! 
!!!!!!!!! GOT A CELLPHONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
finally got some books from the library ! 
... needs crutches ... 
is studying outside on this , gorgeous , gorgeous day ! 
these poetry revisions are making my eyes cross ! 
how did my id card get under my frig ???? 
hoo i'm feelin it ! 
... oh my ... 
work pranks ... 
likes learning psychology from a pirate 
loves halloween parties !!! 
needs inspiration 
has the best mom in the world !!!! 
Got 13 hours of sleep last night ! :D 
<3 s Psych 
cant wait till 2:30 tomorrow 
Lord have mercy , I made it through power hour . 
... is writing a love sonnet ... 
never ever ever ever ..... 
has the same alarm clock as Peter Petrelli !! 
must find her id card .... 
don't let the days go by 
can't wait for Tuesday !!! 
mmmm mmmm blueberry crisp !!!!! 
every blessing You pour out I turn back to praise You ! 
might be a tad sick ... :/ 
let the sun shine in 
Come see the Fakespeare performance tonight @ 6 in the Norman James Theater !! 
might be pulling my first college all-nighter 
I could be nothing Said the waves to the sand I could be nothing without you 
Snow !!! 
!!! Everyone come see the directing scenes tomorrow at 1 !!!! :D 
let me out and let me in 
anyone wanna go to Walgreens ?? 
must ... write ... poems X/ 
Hallejuah ! Thank You , Jesus ! I'm home !!!! 
finally caught up on her sleep !!!!!! thank the Lord ! 
i've been locked inside your heart shaped box for weeks 
holy guacamole !!!!!!! 10-15 page final ??! gaaahhhhhhhh 
sledding anyone ???? 
can't sleep cuz i'm so excited to go home !!!! 
okay ... here we go 
is done with classes !! 
I was just guessing at numbers and figures Pulling the puzzles apart Questions of science , science and progress Do not speak as loud as my heart 
is tryin to have some fun tonight !!! 
why is it that in the mist of all this madness i keep coming up with amazingly fun things to do only to be saddened because i can't do them ? /sighs/ 
needs some ideas 
another mysterious cut from work .... 
is hangin wit da homies 
finally played dutch blitz ! 
white ... also euphoria is the the best , most intense episode of HOUSE ever 
has to stop sleeping till noon 
is excited to go back to school tomorrow :) 
is pleasantly surprised to wake up at a reasonable time 
sheep can recognize other sheep from pictures 
;) 
LOST ! 
wants coffee and complete knowledge of psychology .. or at least 5 more hours of sleep 
accidently ordered the wrong books D: 
hears violin music ... but from where ?? 
Come to the Egg TONIGHT at 6pm to watch the SUPERBOWL !! 
!!!!!!!!! Come see BABY WITH THE BATHWATER Thursday , Friday , and Saturday @ 8pm !!!!!!!!!!!! 
!!!!!!!!!!!!! BABY WITH THE BATHWATER Friday & Saturday @ 8pm !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
COME TO THE SUPER BOWL PARTY at 6pm on Sunday in the Egg !!! ( free everything !! ) 
Want a fish ?! Choose your fish and decorate your tank ! 
<3 s SNOW DAYS ! 
!!!!!! Come see Death and the Maiden TONIGHT @ 8 in Tawes Theatre !!!!!! 
is locked in her room until PS breaks down the door 
I'm free !!! 
cannot believe she is locked OUT of her room now 
:D 
It don't mean a thing , if it ain't got that swing . 
shout shout let it all out 
had a great jam sesh with Ashley McAvoy 
is really just writing whatever comes to mind .. nevermind coherent arguments 
loves adventures :) 
would like to be asleep by 1 tonight ....... 
well , it was cool , cool it was just all cool 
sometimes it's best to just accept defeat and sleep 
RA RA RASPUTIN , Russia's greatest love machine 
Wild horses couldn't drag me away . Wild , wild horses , we'll ride them some day 
And we'll all float on okay . And we'll all float on anyway . 
might actually be able to breath this week 
finished the video ! ... even though no one else entered the contest ... 
woke running through the list of things i need to do , as usual , and realized there is no list :) 
God is so good there's no reason not to smile :D 
is working on the music video - holla ! 
is loving the sun 
gotta job ! thank you Jesus ! 
Are you from Tennessee ? Because you're the only TEN I SEE ! ahahahahaha 
People call me Ellen , but you can call me TONIGHT ! .... couldn't help myself 
TAKE THAT ! 
is back ! holla at me ! 
oh the joy of time organization ........ 
is at work with nothing to do 
is so bored 
:D :D :D :D :D 
is back at WAC and feeling mighty ill 
is a pirate , AAAARRRG . 
mmmm endorphins 
and in the daylight i don't pick up my phone cause in the daylight anywhere feels like home 
we live on front porches and swing life away 
is on the green enjoying the sun all day 
Why does even the thought of biology make me incredibly sleepy ? 
3 2 1 let's jam 
Come see WHOSE LINE IS IT ANYWAY ? WAC EDITION tonight @ 8 in the EGG !!! 
thinks $33 is just fine 
Thanks for being better Gabby James <3 
shock me like an electric eel 
thank God for antibiotics 
i've got soul but i'm not a soldier 
Joyeuses Pâques ! 
Today is a perfectly beautiful day to be finished ! Thank You , Lord !! 
est très excitée pour ses amis ce weekend ! 
is gonna rock Iron Chef today with Taylor and Erica !!!!! 
come on everybody won't you party with me now 
Come see WHOSE LINE IS IT ANYWAY ? WAC EDITION Monday @ 8 in the EGG !!! 
friday nights are so fun when there's nothing to do but clean and study ..... 
has all her books for next semester thanks to her mad video skillz ... too soon ? 
we're all part of the century 
is back on Norf Side 
is so excited for Wednesday afternoon 
With your feet in the air and your head on the ground , Try this trick and spin it 
word to your mother 
Has a ukulele ! Now if I could only find that tuner ..... 
I'm like a chameleon ... always a lizard . 
is feeling a little WACy 
is gonna have a great day :) 
has a bad habit of absentmindedly walking into other people's rooms 
can't believe she left her cell phone at home for the week !!! D8 
so many possibilities ... 
i'm on a boat ! 
wants to have a Batman movie marathon 
There we stand about to fly , Peeking down over land , Parachute behind 
I know that you're tired of this Cause you're a robot They designed your life 
Wouldn't it be nice if we were older , And we didn't have to wait so long ? 
It's the next phase , new wave , dance craze , anyways It's still rock & roll to me . 
I want to hold a mirror up to society and then win world record for biggest mirror . 
Dear Spaghetti and Pizza Thief , your Kleptomania is becoming an issue . Let's have a little chat . Be in the kitchen at 5pm . 
27 , 28 , 29 , 100 ... Wait , what ? 
thinks she'll buy herself a ukulele with her remaining movie-money .... maybe 
such a nice day :D :D 
Don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past , You must fight just to keep them alive 
can't wait for tonight :D 
werewolf bar mitzvah , spooky scary 
WE WERE PROMISED JETPACKS was amazing !!!! 
" and possibly unavoidable bee parts " 
God is so good ! 
had an absolutely scrumptious evening with Laura Walter ;D 
white water rafting !!!!!! 
had a great first day :D 
put another dime in the jukebox , baby 
i find you absolutely ribbiting ! 
Christian Bale was the voice of Thomas in Pocahontas ?!! 
is glad she's not Lutraphobic 
is a wee bit bored 
Hallelujah ! Thank you , Jesus ! 
yay for screens ! 
yay for sushi night !! 
has really sweet friends :) 
last chance to see THE IMAGINARY INVALID !! come TONIGHT at 8 ! 
mmm .. homemade applesauce .. Thanks , Mom ! :) 
needs an invisibility cloak 
12 hours of sleep and kayaking ?? Thank God ! 
man , i love free laundry 
tell me something good , tell me , tell me , tell me 
nighttime workout .. the perfect solution to boredom ! 
succès numero deux ! voila ! 
Gertrude Stein is making me go cross-eyed .... 
needs a freeze ray 
is glad her mom thinks she has " cool potential " 
success ! :D 
loves reimbursements 
How long is the present ? 
The manatee has become the mentor . 
ahahaha I have you now , Statistics book ! 
.. must .. study .. french .. ( en francais ) 
aime le soleil :D 
