Why does'nt FB have a ' dislike ' button ? I call shenanigans !!! 
GAH ! guys are so fing ridiculously stupid its almost sad ... almost ... 
For some reason , i feel more like myself then i have in years . i feel like pre- zombie Courtney . its definatly refreshing . :) 
The begining of the endstarts february 17th ! 
LMAO the neighbors are playing old disco music SUPER LOUD ! fuckin awesome . 
I want you , all tattooed , i want you bad ! complicated , x - rated ! i want you bad ! i mean it ! i need it ! i want you bad bad bad bad baaaaaad ! ( i want you bad by the offspring ! ) :D 
Went hiking at 2 a.m. lasted 6 hours . OOOOOOOWWWWWW 
SO EXCITED !!!! :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
ugh . BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED !!!!!!!!!!! 
* feels like dancing a drinking ! * how bout you ? haha :] 
LMAO !!! i made me facebook all piratey ! arrrg . to do it go to the bottom off your screen where the languages are and click english and itll give you a list . text me pocket parrot if you join meh ! 
watch this video !!! effin hillarious ! especaily those who love the immature stuff . * cough*GETSIE*cough * 
honestly , is there any guy out there AT ALL who will be honest and respectfull and not a man whore ? it makes me never want to have sex again . ever . i wish there was a guy a could whole heartedly trust ... 
Going out tonight ! Super excited !!! :D :D :D :D :D 
gar ! im so confuuuuuuusssssseeeedddd ....... i need a hug :[ :[ :[ 
I just listened to ' Good Riddance ' by Greenday like 10 times in a row . i fucking love that song ! <3 
" Life may not be the party we hoped for , but while were here we might as well dance ! " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXL6KZJnRtg 
GWAR WAS UH MAZE ING !!! i am so fking sore !!! 
Ignoring the bug bite on my thumb .... i is happy today :D idky ! dododo .... 
So , Getsie and I are sighning up for ROLLER DERBY ! :D but we needs to practice a bit first . ~ woot ! 
FACT : Spooning leads to forking ! I 1 2 4 Q !!! 
FACEBOOK : pissing me off since it was created ! 
assume : it makes an ASS out of U and ME . 
anyone wana make $500 and get free birth control for a year ? text or message me if your interested . 
fuck guys !!! i fucking hate them all and they all deserve to get stabbed in the fucking face with a rusty knife then thrown into a pool of bacteria and std's . FUCK YOU ALL . 
carved pumpkins tonight ! they is awesomer than yours !!! 
" We'll drink and drink and drink and drink and fight !!! And if i see a pretty girl i'll sleep with her tonight ! We'll drink and drink and drink and drink and fight !!! " Dropkick Murpheys- irish drinking song 
gahhh . still sick . but last night was fun ! xD 
all ready for GWAR :D but going to a gwar concert with a brand new piercing just isnt smart .... no poor nose :[ 
messages have been shortened so i can post them lol 
Victory to the spider !!! 
i just remembered my password for projectplaylist.com and i havnt been on it in years and now i is listening to super amazing songs i havnt heard in forever !!! me = happy ! 
OH MAN . another epic night of epic drinkness and epic drunk piercings and epic shots ! bahahahahaha ! 
im so tired but i just CANT STOP DOWNLOADING MUSIC !!!! i <3 limewire !!! 
Now dance , fucker , dance , like you've never had a chance !!! I <3 the offspring !!!!! 
gahhhhhhh . Fuck empathy with something long , hard and sand-paper-y ! BLAH 
Listening to Story of my life by socail distortion . xD 
i <3 ladies love !!! 
rawr muh stupid phone is being stupid !!! 
so my party tonight might end up as a small get together instead . haha w/e should still be fun :] 
Time to go retain information . Send me some good juju ! xP 
heard gun shots in the neighborhood for the 3rd time since ive moved in . its only been about two months . lol cant wait to get outa here . xP 
We are the ones who will never be broken , we are the ones who survive ! And through it all , your spirit's alive ! 
pt 2 of msg 
DOUCHE:That's ight , your probaly some imature little girl taht live with her parents . Dont no shit bout life or what areal man is . ofcourse guys just hit it and quit it with you , who really wants to talk to a little girl . I mean how old are you 15 ? 
ME : 19 and probably more mature than you . i mean really ? tryin to insult me cus you got DENIED . and fyi noone has " hit it and quit it " with me . fuckin dumb ass . lol 
Happy Birthday , little sister :] sorry i wasnt online yesterday . lol i love you !!! 
Back from hiking ! we went a little faster this time . 5 hours instead of 6 . WOO ! im fuckin tired ... 
This weekend was awesome :D i havn't had to run from cops since i was like 15 ! lol :] and i has not shinaniganized like that in YEARS . good fun :] 
dude ... WTFF !!!! some peoples has problems taking responsibility for themselves . 
yesterday was the worst fucking day ever . if you were going to look up " fuck my life " in the dictionary the definition would be the day i had yesterday . and today will probably be just as bad . ugh . : C 
i know it sounds a little dumb ( or maybe im just a little drunk ) but all we need is some ice cream and a hug ! lololol i love bowling for soup :] 
bwahahahahahha !!! ;] 
I wana go home and make a capachino and read one of my saucy romance novels . Its been that kind of day ... 
ugh . i am so bored ! :( 
dude , fuck vevo !!! GRRRRR . 
Pretty pretty please , dont you ever ever feel like your not worth it . Your fucking perfect ! i <3 that song c : 
now i'm bored again :( 
Finally got yahoo i.m. Ridiculous . The things i do for you , sir ! 
Tis a day of tired sleepyness . :P 
If you set a man on fire , he's warm for the rest of his life ! haha 
I love going to the gym :D but i is going to be sore as fuck tomorrow ! i wish teh Carrie could get a membership tho :/ 
looks like im going to alaska for a bit in april . we needs to partay before i go , guys !!! 
so i was hungry and said out loud " like a good neighbor , state farm is there ! with a delicious sandwich ! " and nothing happened . do you think i can sue for false advertising ? 
LOL i love the conversations i have with my mahn candeh !!! * read latest conversation in a comment below * 
im so tired today . and irritable . like EVERYTHING is irritating . I blame it on lack of Pooky kisses . bahaha 
sot this random ass text yesterday from a number that i dont know and has 14 digits . lol : Felicidades ! America Movil te informa que eres el ganador de $ 35,000 Mil Dolares y un Toyota Prado Md- 2,011 Full e . Informacion al Llama ya ! > i think theyre trying to sell me a llama .... O.o lol 
Brittany : pack tons of warm clothes . Me : lol i dont have any warm clothes . i live in fookin tucson , silly ! haha <3 
Eeeep ! i has a crush . i wasnt expecting to has a crush ... iuhgfkeurghieruhg !!! 
oh mahn . last night got pretty silly . i think shinaniganizing at the mall when its closed might be a new hobby :) 
another epic night ! :D 
I GRADUATED !!! and now i has sex on the beach . DELICOUS . 
IM SO FKING HYPER !!! THE WORLD ISNT MOVING FAST ENOUGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hahahha hacked !!! 
Fuck teh facebook ! im bored ! 
DUDE ! some guy talked dirty to me in polish last night !!! LMAO !!! 
OMFG !!! i just had the most amazing drink of doom !!! an orgy in a cup ! multiple orgasms captured in a plastic cylinder !!! pumpkin pie spice frapachino from starbucks ! TRY IT ! or die unsatisfied !!! 
Happy St. Patty's day everyone !!! i made 2 dozen green jello shots last night ! xD 
had an awesome day ! got sighned up for BARTENDING SCHOOL ! and got a gym membership ! yay ! and were moving into another apartment lol ! and a stranger said i was pretty !!! awwwwez !!! 
Blueberry :) 
Hiking again . GO ME ! loosin weight ... makin sweat look good ... workin it ... ohh yeeah ! 
Dear hot emo guys on photobucket , thank you for helping me get over my brief " i hate guys " episode and for making my eye balls feel better about life . P.s. : i love you ! 
I is feeling very much ' fuck you and fuck the world ' tonight . mmmmm screw drivers . 
If your my buddy you'll keep me outta drouble when i'm trunk ! 
i feel super insecure today . like an ugly whale ... lol :] 
mmmmmm ... sandwich ... 
my phone is not workin :( if anyone needs to talk you can send me a text ( but i can't reply ) or you can call me and i'll be able to answer . this is lame . i hate not being able to text :( 
I feel absolutly happy whenever good music is playing ! I would die without it ... I wish I had a german accent . That'd be friggin sweet ... 
DEAR GODS . how many epic nights can one person have ?!?!? more drunk piercings , more booz , and some hypothermia and a shower party . good times !!! 
I'M JUST A TEENAGE DIRTBAG , BABY ! OH YEAH ! DIRTBAG ! teenage dirtbag- wheetus ! 
HeRbAl CrAcK ! AAAAAAH !!! 
I HAVE DECIDED ! screw boyfriends !!! I wana girlfriend ! :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
LMAO Look at the msg this fuckin idiot wrote me ! 
DOUCHE : ya theres a guy out ther that is honest n loving n that isnt a man whore . You jus havent met me yet 
ME : how bout a Guy who isnt a creepr you sends chicks chzy Pick up lines over FB ? you probably sent me a msg trying to flirt with me hoping i would sleep with you or sumthing . fING disgusting . i no im being a bitch but be honest with urself , u probably deserve it . 
My favorite thing about stonkin desert par-tays is coming home smelling like fire ! xD 
i LOVE avenged sevenfold ! im listening to unholy confesions . gotta love it ! <3 " i wish i could be the one ! the one who wont care at aaaaallll ! " 
" I never noticed , no never noticed , your so amazing ! so uhm amazing ! I never said it , no never said it , your suffocating , suffocating ! I never noticed , no never noticed , your beautys fading , its fa-fa- fading ! " Straight To Video- Mindless Self Indulgence my favorite song by them ! 
gahhhh . yesterday was fucking terrible ! i hate throwing up . : C feeling a little better today but still pretty shitty . and i has to work tomorrow . Strep throat SUCKS . 
NOVEMBER 12TH- GRADUATION PARTY AT MY PLACE !!! who's up for drinkin ?!?!?!?! xD 
RAWWWWWR . i is sleepy :/ but dont wana go to bed . who wants to hang out ? 
Hiking again . GO ME ! loosin weight ... makin sweat look good ... workin it ... ohhhh yeeeeeah ! 
the people who are truely wierd , dont notice their wierd till someone tells them theyre wierd . lol good times ... 
wouldn't it be ironic is someone choked on a life savor and died in the living room ? i bet it's happened ... 
have you ever notice the " krusty krab " is in " bikini bottom " ... its just not right . Fking spongebob ! 
STUPID FUCKING BUG BITES !!! GAAAAARRRR !!!! 
Do you think vegetarians eat animal crackers ??? 
why WHY do you do this to me ? you know who you are and you are rude ! lolololololol <3 
i didnt know uncle's could be so entertaining ! is fun to see my mom get picked on . bahaha :D :D :D 
a quote from the ever insightfull Fall Out Boy : " I cant blame you for being you but you cant blame me for hating it ! " 
* is plotting the death of a midget whore * who wants to help ? :D :D :D :D 
okee , so , my phone decided to completly fucking die and i wont be able to text peoples or anything till friday when i gets a new one . btw , i got a job ! xD THANK YOU RICKY !!! 
It's officail ... i have become a pot head again . DUN DUN DUN ! 
im soooo fucking bored !!!! and i dont have any cigs !!! :( :( :( :( :( :( :( 
Sex and white lies , handcuffs and alibies ! 
in the past 3 days i must have learned how to make 30 drinks . haha ! you peoples better be buyin booze !!! 
Now where did I park my llama chariot ...? 
havin some fun tonight . :] woop woop 
i got a hair cut . 
I FUCKING HATE MY PHONE !!! >:| i needs a new one . 
My test is today ! im SOOOO nervous ! 
ok peoples , i need to know how many of you are coming to the party and how much booz i'll need ! to let me know if you'll be able to make it . it'll most likley start around 9 . 
rawr ! i do not like my new phone ! and im getting a new number tomorrow so ill text the people that matter then :) 
GAH . why do guys have to suck ?!?!? I is sick of it . 
i want to dress someone up as a dragon then dress 2 more people up as knights and have the Dragon walk around the mall and then have the knights tackle the dragon and beat the shit out of him !!!! that would be AWESOME !!!! xD 
Happy Halloween everyone ! and to those who it applies to , Happy Samhain !!! 
i might possibly have a part time job soon !!! thank you , Ricky !!! your so awesome !!! xD 
It's been one of those nights that makes me wana duct tape a knife to a wall with the sharp end pointing out and just run at it ! Who's with me ? :D 
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL south park ! <3 
* is sore * there are some people who should just jump off 80 ft cliffs ... like the stupid people who get all crazy and violent beacuas they misunderstood something . it might be funnier if they were pushed tho .... 
i just checked my temp . 100.2 . FML . 
Desperation is a stinky cologne ! 
My mom : Why do you wana tape a knife to a wall and run at it ? Me : reasons ... My mom : well i dont want blood all over my wall ! Me : Its ok , Dale said i can barrow his ! My mom : WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU !!! > LMAO !!!!!!!!! 
finally ! i has it all figured out :D Let's see how it goes ... 
It's been real , and it's been fun , but it aint been real fun . THE BEST ADVICE EVER : never party with an ex !!! fuck that noise . 
i'm getting a new phone today so my number will be changing . so send meh a message if you want my new numbuh . 
tonights forcast : gets a little cloudy around 8 o clock but clears up again around 8:45 . And around 9:15 the world becomes a jellyfish ... wooooooooot . 
is happy today :] 
