has no status to update 
is feeling happy for Sydney tomorrow ... I love weddings . 
whomever is to blame for me getting a cold in July is gonna get it . 
Happy Father's Day ! 
I am thinking about M . J .... and strangely , my father .... 
is wondering why her lunch is lingering ... 
having a good time feeling the sand between my toes ... too bad I'm not at the beach 
Im in class , and boy is it boring ! 
What be troublin ' ye ? I'm surfing the net on my couch . Hooray technology . 
Why am I inspired , but tired ? 
I hate packing . 
I think I miss my roomie and best friend's mess already .... is that normal ? 
Ok , apparently my email address book is really out of date ... so , I changed my email address everyone ! a.nikki.greenlee@gmail.com .... please no stalkers ! 
Why oh why do I never look at my calendar ? ( groan ) 
Woo hoo ! I got an A on my craptastic paper ! I guess it wasn't quite as craptastic as I thought . 
The end is in sight ... Hooray ! 
Why did I even bother shopping today ? 
Avoiding responsibility ... one of the finer things in life . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all of my Facebook Friends and your loved ones ! 
You know , one out of three ain't too bad .... well , okay , maybe it's bad ... but I don't care ! 
I hate finals week ... did I mention that ? 
Boy , am I not looking forward to finishing this paper ... BOO ! 
I refuse to do any more work today . Happy Birthday to meee ! 
I'm bored and it's raining and I want to go joy-riding ... BOOO ! 
Really hating the fact that I have to leave my warm apartment today . 
Will these projects and papers ever stop coming ?? When the heck is vacation ?? 
Is it sick that I am excited about starting Christmas shopping ?... yeah , I thought it was , too ... 
Anybody want to go for a ride ? Research is lame ! 
A curse on young eager teachers ... I like my teachers old , dried out , and defeated by the system ... Less homework . 
How much can one person forget to do in one day ? A whole lot , apparently . 
Do you see what I see ? Thank God it's Friday ! ( I'm singing it now ! ) 
Thanks to everyone for the great birthday wishes ... it really made this sucky day a lot less sucky ! I LOVE Y'ALL! 
Ooh , Christmas Eve ... so exciting ! Except for the boring part anyway ... 
Is six pages close enough to ten ? The paper length was a guideline , not a requirement .... DAMMIT , I HATE FINALS ! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the night . 
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins may be one of the worst movies ever . 
Math makes me feel dumb . Boo . 
Sorry to everybody that I suggested be a fan of a Scam , my fingers were typing faster than my brain was thinking . 
Vroom , vroom ! 
Will someone please light a fire under my ass ? An unusual request I realize ... 
Happy Valentine's Day Facebook ! 
Well , I haven't thought of anything brilliant to elaborate upon , so larger font it is ! 
Boy , am I glad it's Friday ... it's amazing how I feel this way every week ... 
Painting is fun ! Deadlines are not ... 
I am not looking forward to studying math tonight ... 
Woo hoo ! Spring break ... too bad I've got a ton of work to catch up on . D'oh! 
Ugh , too much garlic . 
Ohhh .... too much spumoni ! 
Yay ! I love weddings ! Lovey dovey stuff and free booze ! YAY ! 
Hmm , write another page of a paper , or make the whole thing's font bigger ... hmm .... 
Again with the deadlines people ? You know I hate that ! 
I am so considering just not writing a cover letter at all ... who gives cover letters as homework anyway ?? 
Leah was right , my profile picture was too dark ... back to smiling happy Nikki ! Yay ! 
Ahh ... lazy Saturdays ... 
Thank God it's Friday . 
Tom and I are engaged ! Best Valentine's Day ever ! Yay ! 
why is the only tv show that is sucessfully entertaining me tonight Yo Gabba Gabba ? 
is saddened to hear that over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear , and places we were born . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name a teacher who has impacted you ! 
Thanks everyone for the warm fuzzies . I'm glad you like my stuff ! 
Alright , who gave me this head cold ? Oh well , at least it gives me an excuse to stay inside and drink tea ... 
Just saw some crows that wait for traffic lights to change . Dammit , is everything better in Japan ? 
Thanks to the lovely and talented Ryan Hunt for the awesome new headshots ! 
today is godmothers day ? if you have a godchild that you adore and are 
proud of add their name and copy this message ........... Maya Noel :-) , Walela Gabrielle : 0 ) , 
Homework is boring . 
Ohh , I am freakin ' STARVING ! Hurry up and be over , school day ! 
Feeling like a smart-ass and a dumb-ass at the same time ? Hmm ... 
Hmm , should I make chocolate chip cookies , or just buy some ? 
What is up with the snowstorm , yo ? 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
My friends and family are great at cheering me up ... I love you all ! 
I wish my senior exhibit was over already !! Is that wrong ? I am getting stressed out !! 
My baby bought me an Easter basket ... aw , he's sweeter than a Cadbury Egg ! 
My critique went great , I know all of your thoughts put good energy into the universe ... thanks friends ! 
I am so nervous about my final critique today , wish me luck ! 
I wish somebody would call me on the phone ... partially because I'm bored ; partially because I have no idea where my phone is ... LOL ! 
It's freezing , and I am now broke and exhausted . Hello holidays ! LOL 
Why is it that I hated naptime as a kid , but crave it now ? OH , the irony . 
Getting ready for closing night of Hairspray ... Much love to everyone who made it a success and to my new buddies ! 
Feelin ' lucky today ! 
Feeling rather cum laude .... LOL 
Woo hoo ... Rahm's back on the ballot .... looking good ... 
I'm bored ! 
Why did my glasses just snap in half ? Now I have to tape ' em like Urkel . 
feeling kind of depressed this morning .... 
Finals week makes me gag a little . 
Feeling a bit weird ... 
... I think I'm going to bomb my math test tomorrow . Lame . 
A very happy birthday to two of my favorite people , my Gram and Yvette ! 
My dog is finally at home , with an ugly scar , but wagging her tail . Such a sweetie ! 
The dog and cat have been giving me weird looks all day long , and I don't like it ! 
Hates lazy stormy days . 
i hate thinking when i should be sleeping . 
I hate gratuitous sub-titles ... I can understand English , it's just an accent ; sheesh ! 
Being hungry and lazy sucks . 
Hmm ... continue being lazy and jammin ' to " Exedus , " or actually being productive ? Such a difficult choice . 
I'm gonna be in a show in July ... HAIRSPRAY ! At Morton College Jedlicka Performing Arts Center ... HUZZAH ! 
Yay ! I love the internet ! Happy Father's Day facebook dads ! 
I just don't know what to do with myself ! 
Boring , boring , I am so bored ! 
Booty Pop panties ? Really , guys ? 
No cable and no internet makesJack a dull boy . 
Had a good time reminiscing . 
Hmm , sitting around in pajamas at 4:00 pm ... awesome , or pathetic ? 
Figuring out my Droid phone , wondering what I've gotten myself into . 
Happy birthday to my Dad , Lance ... I miss you ! 
On my way to Koontz Lake today for some Wognum-style fun ! 
My goodness ! I feel popular ! Thanks for all the love and birthday wishes everyone , I feel truly special ! 
Hairspray opens tomorrow ! Yay ! I hate tech week . LOL ! 
I love beautiful weather like this , but I love air conditioning more . 
I am really getting sick of all these freakin ' thunderstorms . 
Opening night was great ! Thanks and love to everyone who made it that way , especially my fellow castmates ! We rocked ! Let's do it again ! 
I am feeling lucky lately ... what gives ? 
As if I hadn't lost enough street cred already , I like the new Hanson video . 
Rest in peace , Teena Marie ... 
My smart phone has suddenly gone dumb . I knew the love affair couldn't last ... the process of returning shall begin in the morning . 
If only one could figure out a way to do dishes without moving from the couch ... oh wait , somebody invented the dishwasher . Now , if only someone could invent me a way to buy a new one ... 
I am bored to tears ... almost . 
Dang , cookies are delicious ! 
Ah , how I miss the glitter , glamour and hairspray . 
Gonna start saying gobsmacked .... 
Had a very nice Friday evening at the Beverly Arts Center with her grandmother ... watching Machine , a Pink Floyd cover band . Sometimes it is good to be like Gram . 
I hate laundry day ! 
Thank you falettin me be mice elf again ... 
My dog's at the vet , and I am lonely . Boo . :( 
If I ignore the laundry in the machine and dishes in the sink , they'll go away ... right ?? 
Okay Pandora , even I don't like Zapp and Roger THAT much .... 
Children 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's 
not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you 
probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your 
status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in 
honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding . 
Thank you for sharing ! 
Looking forward to partying , if I can get the convoy moving . 
Who the crap is Caleb Hanie ?!? Oh Lord ! 
Enjoying the Celebrating Queen tribute band with my grandmother .... life is good . 
Black Friday shopping here I come ! 
Yay Kinect ! 
You think watching Hoarders will inspire me to do the dishes tonight ? Let's watch and see . 
Watching the original " Miracle on 34th Street " and I can't stop smiling . I love Christmas ! 
Change 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your 
childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until monday , Dec 6th 
of 2010 , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of 
memories . This is for a campaign against violence on children ! 
Dumpling success ! 
Merry New Year ... Beef jerky time ! 
At least Hanie did us proud ... 
Listening to Cee-lo , cooking frozen entrees and feeling surly ... LOL ! 
Fergie sucks 
Why are the Bears messing with my emotions ?!? 
Ophiuchus ? Really ? 
Merry Christmas to all of my friends and family , I love you all ! 
Now I remember why I always watched American Idol ... there is absolutely nothing else on ! Lame ! 
Mandatory overtime is lame ... 
Dammit , Collins ? Really ? 
And , It's over ........ lame 
Well , I was bored and hungry so I tried a new recipe ... and misread the recipe , resulting in ... EPIC FAIL ! 
Trying to lose weight is hard ... thinking of buying pants 4 sizes too big so I can take some " Before & After " shots ; LOL . 
Thundersnow ! Whoa ! 
Yay ! I passed my math gateway exam ! 
Thanks to all of my fb family and friends for all of their warm wishes ... Tom and I feel truly loved ! 
Happy birthday to my favorite little cousin , Walela ! 
