My head's been hurting and my vision's getting more blurry . I feel strange after eating that apple ... 
I might delete this thing at any minute . Being this exposed makes me feel slightly uncomfortable . 
Mom , the TV is updating itself . It literally stopped showing my show and said " Would you like to update now ? " and I said " Sure , why not . I'm not going to keep you old ! Say young and stay fresh ! " 
???? 
I'm feeling better so far ... the doctor gave me some nice meds and maybe I'll sleep tonight . 
Looking at this latest picture is making me want to braid my hair up again . It'd be a lot easier to deal with . What do you think ? 
I had a nightmare that a crazy Santa Claus was at the foot of my bed after he followed me from the treehouse hotel ... scary ! 
http://www.urlesque.com/2009/12/28/hacked-stop-signs-photos/?ncid=webmaildl5 
Banana flavored tofu = excellent smoothies ! Get this at WinCo people ! 
I guess people sometimes forget that it takes all types to make the world go round . Some become great and mighty while others live fairly humble lives . It is those that live those humble lives that get to have better sleep at night though ... Ecclesiastes 5:12 
Monotone love is a-ok but multi-colored love is just as beautiful . ( Christina Benton Yes , I am " down with the swirl " LOL ) 
I'm hungry for some Arby's . I got coupons ! 
I don't know why you all like me ... I'm a pretty boring person . A tree surrounded by birds of flight . 
Is it weird that I can't remember how old I am ? 
What's the best way to describe the difference between humidity and dry heat ? I've always thought of humidity like you stepping out of a hot shower while dry heat would be like a hot oven you just opened up . Is there a better way to describe this ? 
NBC IS GOING TO AXE LENO'S HOUR-LONG SHOW ! http://www.popeater.com/2010/01/10/nbc-cancels-jay-leno-show/?ncid=webmaildl2 
Best scene ever ! ( If you don't like silly things , don't watch ! ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AO11WHkTfg8 
I just made some super yummo chili ! The secret : CHORIZO ! 
HOW DID WE MEET ?? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase to your profile ! You will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that though , answer for me .... please participate !! 
I'm making dinner before I go to the meating . It should be yummerific ! 
I feel a lot better now . I studied for 2 hours this ... morning ?... and I will apply what I've learned from it . I'll need some help but that's why most of you are Witnesses and not weasels . No ( unneccesary ) shrinkage ! ( Hebrews 10:39 ) 
Coollness : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euhZCBz_-S8&feature=related 
Well it's officially an El Niño year people ! Be prepared ! Our rain will become your snow soon enough ! 
What do you want to know about me ? Ask me anything and ( maybe ) I'll answer it . 
Have you ever watched " Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs " ? It's the best ! 
I wish I ate more crab lesg at the buffet ... 
My head hurts . I haven't been eating regular meals . Maybe that's why my head's been hurting all week . EAT WELL PEOPLE ! 
OKAY Facebook peoples .... I need 2 more neighbors for Farmville . Any takers ? I'm very generous with the free digital gifts ! 
OMG ! I am watching Extreme Makeover : This woman tries to be generous towards others that don't have much and now what she has is being taken away . Someone scammed her big time and her house is on the city's demo list . Thank goodness for Ty Pennington's crew ! 
I'm hungry ! I guess it's time for Del Taco ! 
Dear Friends , I've just seen a report on KTLA news regarding the use of celebrity pictures for the recent " who-do-you-look-like " event that apparently swept across Facebook . It's illegal for us to use their pictures unless we bought them or took them with our own cameras . 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother , sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and let's see how many people love their siblings 
My mom told me that the medicine that Michael Jackson's doctor gave him was designed to stop people from breathing . It's what they use when they want to stick a tube down your throat . She theorizes that he probably gave Michael small doses at a time and that they gradually built up in his system . 
This lasagna is salty . 
Looking for a job ? Here's an article about companies that are hiring : http://jobs.aol.com/articles/photos/top-10-companies-hiring-now/1469950/?ncid=webmaildl4 
If prom in Moreno Valley was like this , I think the kids out here would be a lot less jaded . The video is like an hour long so if you've got some time to kill , watch the whole thing : http://www.snagfilms.com/films/title/the_worlds_best_prom/ 
:( 
I'm not feeling so happy now . It's lonely here at home , even though I'm techically not by myself ... Shouldn't FaceBook have a spell-check ? 
Birthdays suck . 
That dude from MoVal did really well last night . He went to the next round on American Idol . 
How was the Sunday Meeting ? What was the talk about ? Any interesting comments ? ( I couldn't go .... I was taking care of a sick puppy ) 
My heart wants one thing but I've got a headache ! I'm feeling a little dejected and I can't go anywhere . 
Why is Elton John claiming that Jesus was gay ? 
My back is itching like crazy ! Psoriosis must be kicking in ... or I need to change soaps ! 
I want to be loved . Who loves me ? Why ? I'm gonna eat some ice cream now . 
I am watching GOOD HAIR y'all! Who wants to come over my house ? Bring some snacks ! 
Good article about Walkill ... just don't read the comments at the end . LOL http://www.strausnews.com/articles/2010/02/17/warwick_advertiser/news/3.txt 
It's 2 Twenty-Two ; I'm all pooped out and I need some fries . 
I feel like weeping ... and eating some cheese . 
I haven't been feeling well today ... I've been real tired for some reason . Now my throat feels scratchy ... such a complainer 
What do you do when you feel like there's no one for you to be around with ? 
Has anyone ever had a Shamrock shake ? 
Listening to " Colonized Mind " - Super cool song ! We need the new system real bad y'all; Bro . Nelson sings about this . 
I went for a walk today . I walked about 2 miles . Towards the end , my phone died . I had to walk in silence . It took about an hour , including small breaks to change the music up . I will have to do that again . 
It's not easy being green ; it's really hard being blue . 
I'm a little tired of these political ads . They're stupid . 
I'm feeling sickly now . 
My throat hurts a little . Sinus infections hurt my heart . 
OK ... since we'll all be babies , I'll be one too ! 
What's the name up that kid that has to take a breath when he talks on " Malcolm in the Middle " ? 
My stomach hurts real bad ! 
Downloading free apps for my phone ... nothing else to do ... really tired ... 
" Joy is but the shadow pain casts . " -- The Simpsons . 
I'm getting ready for the campaign ! Who wants to be my partner tomorrow ? 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ..... next line ! 
Where can I buy an Olympic medal ? 
Today's game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Memphis , TN 
What is Spencer Pratt's problem ? Why is he beefing with Al Roker ? How did that happen ? 
REAGAN SMASH ! 
You know what ? We should all scan pictures of ourselves from when we were little kids and have that as our avatar for the week ! Whatdoyasay ? 
It taks a long time to convert all my music to AAC ... It'll be worth it though ! 
Lily in the field of the royal forest . Doesn't that sound like a good meaning for a girl's name ? 
Doggone it ! I forgot to change the clocks ! Instead of waking up at 7:30 I woke up at 8:30 ! 
I'm watching a documentary on Nat Geo about sperm . No joke . Everything works against sperm . We're all fortunate to be born . 
Fix the roof before it rains in the monkey's house ! 
I just made Spaghetti and Peanut Butter cookies . Come and get some mom ! 
Why is poking such a formal affair ... " You are about to poke Christina Benton ... You have poked Christina Benton " I feel like it's a poking butler . LOL 
I'm really upset now ... just filed my taxes and I'm barely getting anything back and somehow I owe the state $13 . It's so stupid because the little " tax break " meant diddly-squat to me and I feel cheated . 
To prep for summertime toes I've been rubbing my feet down with lotion AND vasoline . Needless to say , I had some ashy feet ! 
Today I fulfilled a life long dream : I bought a cool Hello Kitty shirt in my size ! :) 
Earthquake !!! Where was the epicenter ? Who else felt it ? 
The Watchtower lesson today was really uplifting and encouraging ! Who else agrees with me ? 
It's electric ! Boogie-woogie-woogie ! 
Who wears padded underpants ? Uhn ! 
Stop flipping people off just because they aren't Lakers fans ! * does best Napoleon Dynamite impersonation ever ! * GOSH ! 
Brothers and Sisters : Are you practicing for the 30th ? 
Did you know that you can hide people from popping up on your news feed ? 
Apple , stop following meeee ! 
Cheesecake isn't cake !! 
Why won't anybody bake me a cake ? Or massage my feet ? My cat can't do that ; she'll get fur everywhere ! 
HOW DID WE MEET ? " Don't get loud with me , sir ! " 
Just downloaded a lot of spiritual food onto my phone ... I feel happy ... and hungry ! 
I love those oldish houses ... like I want an oldish Chicago house but it can't be in Chicago . When I think of Chicago , I think of the city as being in your face . I don't your * city * in my face ! I need to have a quick and easy option of visiting the city but not actually being a city citizen . I need to urban-suburban ala North Hollywood LOL 
There's a glass of water on my windowsill ... that would be fine if I knew who put it there ... freaky ! 
Raisin Bran , Smart Start , fresh Strawberries , Banana and Soy Milk . Possibly the healthiest thing I've eaten all week . 
Stupid spray ! She's afraid of one bee and decides to drown me in insect spray instead ! Now I can hardly breathe ! 
I need a pedicure ! Where's a good place to go besides Walmart ? LBVS 
OMG ! That watermelon was sooo good ! Never underestimate the watermelons at the 99 cents only store !!! 
Why do we somehow end up taking photos of ourselves on our cell phones in the bathroom ? 
I ate pizza for dinner ... my tum tum hurts now . No more spicy food for meeeeee . 
My chicken is cooking ! 
Idontfeelsogood ... 
3 new blouses : $10 
Car wash : $6 
DeBarge songs for the car ride : $4 
Watchtower and Awake AACs : Free 
A 3-day weekend in a spiritual paradise : Priceless ! 
3 of my gummy bears were stuck together ... I guess they were triamese bears ... my mom surgically separated them ... then she ate them LOL 
Would it be appropriate to go to Denny's after the Memorial ... cuz I think I want to ... but everyone has to go to work on Wednesday ... so I'll be alone ... maybe not ? 
I think I have stopped freaking out ... for now anyway ! 
Cracked Pepper and Olive Oil Triscuit Crackers ... so good it hurts ! 
Feeling down again ... I'm unhappy with my life but don't know how to change its mediocrity ... * Sigh * 
If you've been dizzy , warm and had a headache for a few hours , what's wrong with you ? 
Standard Brake Service = $126 
Brake System Flush = $50 
Lunch = $6 
Peace of mind = Priceless(Brake Service Rebate = Dinner LOL ) 
I'm watching Black to the Future ! Love it ! VH1 always brings it ! 
Do you need a new animal in your life ? TAKE MY DOG ! HE FREEEEE ! http://inlandempire.craigslist.org/pet/1662920349.html 
... is listening to some slow jams to calm herself down after an eventful evening . :) 
I just received some sad news . Brother Kenneth Balliger passed away . He was a co-worker of mine and some of you probably remember him as a teacher at Valley View . I do not have any additional details about it at this time . Please do not hesitate to send your condolences and prayers to his family . 
Argh ! It stopped aching and now it itches ! When will I be healed ?!?!? 
Has anybody seen that movie " Cloudy with a chance of Meatballs " ? It was hilarious ! 
Universal Studios is having a job fair for tour guides today . So if you think you could do that , get down there ! 
It's hot and I feel strange ... 
That was a strong earthquake ... 6.9 centered in Mexicali ... people in Phoenix and Needles said that they felt it ! Time to get my kit ready .... just need some cash ! 
Text messages between people that use your cell phone company should be free just like the minutes . 
Darkness gives way to the light EVERY time . It cannot and will not be hidden forever . Do nothing to be ashamed of and you'll have no reason to feel shame . 
Why did Emma and Spinner get married on Degrassi just now ? 
The time left is reduced but it ain't over just yet ... time to get this body in motion . 
Up , Up , Down , Down , Up , Up , Up , Up 
I got my pictures back today ! 
Real love : My mom bought me a tomato plant . Real love . 
I feel like crawling inside myself and ripping my self-doubt to shreds . 
I once called a baby a little ham for all the attention she was getting and she just smiled and ate it up . Then I called her a ham sandwich and she gave me a weird look . 
ARGH ! I do not wanna go to work tomorrow !! Oh well ... I'll be off in a week anyway . Ya'll need to work for a school and get in on all those sweet vacation days LOL 
Taking a brain break ... I almost fell asleep ! 
Put your hands together for Mr. Randy Watson ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHRERLEM2eE 
I've just learned how to block applications ... Goodbye annoying " Photo of the Day " ! 
Has anyone ever heard of a coconut milk and lime juice hair relaxer ? I think I'll try it once I'm tired of my twists . 
Jack-In-The-Box is giving out free small orders of fries this Friday , April 16th ... pass it on ! 
Ok , I'm watching The Great Debate round 3 and they're debating butts . Who has the better bootie : JLo or Beyonce ? 
Who is better : Mario or Sonic ? 
I'm gonna miss my CO's visit ! :(( 
Proverb of the day : Be happy with what you've got . 
Is it weird when my dog licks the leather sofa ? 
Um ... I'm not liking how you can compare other people's friendships and see all the stuff that they have in common on one page ... isn't that invasive ? 
Chinese food , root beer and a $5 DVD of Cosby Show episodes : sounds like a plan ! 
If blood is thicker than water , Jah's holy spirit is thicker than blood . I need more connections through that spirit now more than ever . Care to join me ? 
How many of you would go to their 10 year high school reunion ? 
Well , now I know why I was so itchy ! 
So many Americans are attached to the " good ole ' red-white-and-blue " ... aren't there other countries that use those same colors ? That's what I've always wondered . 
Watching part one ... loving it ... where's my book !?!?!? 
The Karate Kid remake is coming out June 11th . I guess I know what I'll be doing on my furlough day . 
If you and your friend were romantically interested in the same person , would you pursue a relationship or would you let your friend do that ? Why or why not ? 
Why ? Why won't it stop ? Why does it do this to me ? Make it stop ! Make it stop ! 
So tired . 
My mom and her friend were working very hard chopping down tree limbs , so I made a good dinner for them ... does anyone know someone that needs tree limbs . Dry them out and have some firewood this winter . 
Could things get any worse ? My glass broke , my knee is stiff and my laptop overheats ! :( 
I think I'm gonna lose my voice ... little daggers stabbing my neck ... bronchitis ? I think not ! 
I'm old and I'm alone . 
I made gumbo for the first time ... seems to be good-tasting . 
What's better : Pacman or Donkey Kong ? 
Who is stronger : an enraged Thing or a relaxed Hulk ? 
Is it strange not to believe that " love conquers all " ? 
Being single is lonesome at times ... a good portion of the time ... most of the time ... no some of the time ... I've just gotta find something to do with all this time ! 
Cloverleaf Industries : The reason for California's jacked-up freeways 
http://www.empireonline.com/features/evil-movie-corporations/6.asp 
I think it's best for me to get used to the idea of being single . If it happens , it'll happen . But why spend so much time worrying about something that I can't really control , especially when we're in the last days and so many people need the truth ? I'll give up control and hand it over to Jah . He'll let me know what to do and where to go . 
Why won't Prince get hip replacement surgery ? It can be done without blood transfusions ... maybe he's afraid of hospitals ? 
Things didn't go as expected ... My little sister is going in for her c-section in about an hour ( mom says a 1/2 hour ) . Please send Jess and Tyler your love , support and prayers ! { Please also send some Xanax to a very worried big sister and auntie } 
In every way we recommend ourselves as God’s ministers , ... by truthful speech . —2Cor . 6:4 , 7 . 
Kewlness ... I found a website that'll show one of my fav Korean dramas for free ! Victory for me !!! 
Watching " Run My Renovation " on the DIY network ... what is Joanie doing being a carpenter LOL ?!?!? Isn't she a model ?!?! 
Why is everyone sooo excited about the Lakers ? It's just a game ! It's not like ... FarmVille or anything ! 
Chicken Curry tonight . Need more rice !!! 
Do you like my eye ? 
I'm trying to figure the cousin thing out .... Tab and I are first cousins because we have the same grandma . But me and her kids are 1st cousins once-removed because their great-grandma is my grandma . But if I have kids , Tab's kids and my kids would be 2nd cousins because they have the same great-grandma ... 
Is it wrong to dance and sing everytime that Baskin Robbins commerical comes on ? 
Star Wars or Star Trek ? I'm choosing the Trek ! 
Wipeout is on West Coast !!! Turn to channel 7 and laugh at peope as they fall in the water !!!! 
" Hated it ! " 
I wanna learn how to make granola ... 
The name of one of the middle schools that I attended : Utt . Don't laugh cuz ' it was a cool place to be . 
I'm so hungry !!! Why !!!????!!!! 
When it comes to love , don't play games . Be honest and straightforward . Don't be a tease ! 
You know the economy is bad when : 
Is it strange to feel shy around people you've known for years ? I've been in my congregation since 2002/2003 and I still get a little nervous talking to the brothers after the meeting . 
Who wants to work with me in the ministry next Saturday and/or Sunday ? I don't have any calls and sometimes I can't remember to ask on Thursday so ... I need a partner ! 
Yesterday a kid was in the office all day for breaking dress code . He didn't understand why he couldn't wear backless sandals in the summer ... but he was wearing black socks with black sandals ... yeah . 
I'm tired of these spiders falling on me from the sky ... 
When I look in the mirror sometimes , I don't see a grown woman at the brink of the new world ... I see the a little girl playing dress up who doesn't know what she's doing ... I feel like I'm not exactly an adult yet . Is that weird ? 
Who wants a deep fried hot dog with bacon and sauerkraut ? 
Norah Jones on the iPod + hospital Binky = Baby narcotic ! 
Never underestimate the power of a well-placed song in your life . 
I found an interesting store in the mall ... it sells books ... for a dollar a piece !!! 
How do control your emotions ? Sometimes I feel like they are controling me ... 
19 down , 13 more to go !! 
ARGH ! I wake up 40 minutes early and my nose has been running a mile a minute ! 
I think there's something wrong with me . If Jehovah keeps our tears in a bottle , then mine must be bursting at the seams ! 
I don't know if I should be cryin ' or laughin ' ... I come up on a yellow light and Speedster in his truck comes up short on my bumper . He's pissed cuz I didn't turn right away so when I do turn he decides that he's going to " teach me a lesson " . Speedster speeds in front of me , cuts me off , runs a red light while flipping me off at the same time ... smh 
The Clippers must really suck . I just asked someone about them and she didn't even know who they were ! 
Summer's almost here . The kids anticipate it with longing hearts .... but the adults that work at local schools are the ones that are really counting the minutes ! 
Earthquakes make me hungry : Time for Cherrios LOL 
Taco Bell = Mexican-ish food for stoners ... 
" What do YOU want , Kim ? " 
Is it strange that when I hear myself think , I speak with a southern accent ? Has anyone noticed a slight southern accent when I talk ? I don't do it on purpose ! 
I did something wild today . Guess what it is . 
Maybe tomorrow I'll make some fideo ... 
Ok , Steve Jobs needs to hook me up with a new background and I'll be super happy ! 
So is the game over ?? 
There's been postings on FB regarding poisonous perfumes , diapers and lotions in the mail and the government hiding it all . I looked on snopes.com ( a super reliable source of info for urban myths ) and found this to be false . Cheack this out for yourself at http://www.snopes.com/rumors/perfume.asp 
Taking the plunge ... updating to OS4 on my phone . 
Employee of the month !!!! 
The zygote has been upgrated to embryo ! Jess is at 9 weeks ! :) SHE NEEDS TO HURRY UP AND HATCH MY BABY ! LMBO ! 
I wanted to whet my appetite and I received more encouragement and knowledge than I could ever have dreamed of . Brothers , let's find a way to apply all that good info and eagerly await more spiritual food tomorrow . I'm soo geeked up I'm going to have a hard time sleeping ! 
Taking a not so leisurely stroll through the neighborhood , I'll be done in about an hour 
I've been praying and working towards those prayers . We'll see what happens tomorrow ! I'm ready for a good weekend of spiritual food and ( hopefully ) making more friends . 
OMG ! Stupid fox news ! I now know who wins Artist of the Year ! 
Quote of the day : Twilight , a young woman's choice between necrophilia and bestiality !! (Thanks , Derrick ) 
Ok ... there was some strange meowing in the living room ... I go to check on Misha and she's not there . I turn on the light and there's this scrappy , black kitten on the sofa . What the heck ! 
Nothing like a strawberry shake to comfort you in the middle of a thunderstorm ! 
I'm at work and a guy comes to sign someone out saying " I think her water broke ... " I've been dizzy ever since ! 
Have I confused you ? Truth is , I've always wanted to do this . It's a lot cheaper to do it on FB than in real life . So don't get real confused , y'all . Just fulfilling a dream I've had for 12 years . 
If you're tired of playing a particular game , go to the game's FB page and on the left hand side of the screen , click " Remove Application " . ( It'll ask for an optional rating . ) 
Jeremiah 17:9 
9 The heart [ is ] deceitful above all [ things ] , and desperately wicked : who can know it ? 

Never let your heart be in charge ! 
Earthquake ! 
I'm so tired I could scream ! 
Watching Valentine's Day ... it's a cute movie ! 
Is it just me or does everyone that works in an opthamologist's office wear glasses ? 
Rue McClanahan died today .... We must protect Betty White at all costs ! 
Can't sleep . Too hot . Worried about work . So tired . 
I was driving home and saw some smoke ; a neighbor's fence was on fire today . I called 911 because it didn't seem like anyone was at home ... they put the fire out . That's my good deed for the day . 
Coupon for Panda Express ! No purchase necessary ! 
http://www.pandaexpress.com/webzine/TCC2010/images/TCC_eCoupon_071410.jpg 
Would it be worth the trouble to change my last name from Johnson to Phillips ? 
I want a 3 tiered cake in the shape of giant Oreo cookies . 
Uuh ... Bridezilla marathon . Funny and infuriating at the same time . 
Proverb of the day : Be balanced in life . Put priorities in the right place and don't forget to have fun ! 
AHH ! My ankle hurts ! 
Watching documentary about credit crisis ... I don't think I wanna buy a house , car or even go to college anymore ... the simple life is calling out to me . 
Ohhh my back hurts so badly ! WHY MEEEE ! 
I've never been to the circus . 
Billie Jean is not my lover ! She's just a girl who thinks that I am the one -- but the chair is not my size ! 
" Whose Line Is It Anyway " is on right now ... ABC Family 
I'm bored ... who wants to go to Walmart ? 
I'm a pretty boring person , aren't I ? 
So tired ... gotta make dinner soon . Pasta , salad , wine , deep soak in tub , sleep !!! 
My bus is coming ... and my back hurts ! :( 
My head hurts ... but why ? It's been two hours and this pain is annoying ! 
What is fun about getting drunk ? I don't see the allure ... 
What's my last name ? 
I want some strawberry cheesecake ... 
BLACK TO THE FUTURE IS ON ! YES !!! 
Debbie Phillips You ruiner of phones ! My WiFi might never work again ! Curse jailbreaking !!! ARGH ! :-p 
Famous Footwear has a coupon on Facebook = $10 off a purchase of $10 or more !!! Go get some socks people ! 
My car is really clean now ... except for the floors . I need a vacuum . 
#333 How do I love thee ... let me count the ways ... one-one thousand , tw o-o ne thousand , three-one thousand , four-one thousand , five-one thousand , six-one thousand ... you have gone through a lot and have grown up in so many ways . I am proud to be a part of your personal universe ! 
I feel so alone . I miss my family . I wish I was with them tonight ; I will have to wait until Sunday . 
Wipe you shoes when you come in the house , 
Woo Hoo ! 
Someone just cleaned that floor ! 
Moderation and lady-like sips are the keys . 
I've been abandoned for cigarette smoke and slot machines ... 
I can't sleep !! 
A kid wrote his own note the other day ... it said he was late due to morning sickness LOL 
Are you tired of north always being up ? Go to maps.google.com and enable rotable maps ! Make east go any direction you like ! 
Cole Haan 
Ontario Mills 
75% off entire store 
High heels with Nike Air insoles built in 
$171 shoes = $47 
AWESOME !!! 
I'm hanging out at Christie's house ! Doing nothing ! :-) 
I want a six-foot tall Gingerbread house . 
I've got the electric tea kettle . I need tea at all hours of the day ! :-( 
I'm watching Pop-Up Video on VH1 Classic . LOVE IT ! 
I wish I could get the CDROM on my iphone ... sadness has entered my heart where happiness used to be located . SIGH ! 
I need soup ! STAT !! 
I feel like the piece of gum that's stuck on the bottom of your shoe ... 
I like to go to grocery stores and hug the marshmallows ! 
I feel ill ... 
Watching " I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant " . What a trip ! The girl was real sick and she ends up crashing her car . Next thing she knows , she wakes up and the nurse says " Your daughter is healthy and beautiful " . WHAT THE HECK ! 
Just finished an at home workout ! I feel somewhat refreshed and happy ... especially since Scrubs is on ! 
I like it on the floor but sometimes I like it on the dining table or on the desk in my room . Isn't that normal though ? 
Ouch ! My finger ! 
OOOOH ! Kimchee is soooo good ! 
I got un-friended again ! LOL If I do something that pisses you off , just tell me that I pissed you off ... I'm not as big of a jerk as you might think . 
Miley Cyrus is pitchy tonight .... 
Is making cookies . 
I'm so grateful for timely reminders ! Now that my heart has received a spiritual tune-up , it's time to schedule a tune-up for my car . She's losing some mileage ... 
I don't want much in life . I don't have an expensive car ; I shop for things on clearance . Just give me the tiny giraffe . I could use a tiny giraffe in my life . 
I had a dream that I ate a Peanut Butter and Tuna fish sandwich and it was delicious . So the next day I decided to make that sandwich and it was terrible ! --- that one dude from " The Office " 
I look and feel like a hot mess ! Where's that flat iron ?!?!? 
It's 5:25 pm ... and dark ! 
Pokemon movies always make me wanna cry ... they get so emotional ! 
Happiness is ... making your own ringtones from the awesome music that you've already got ! 
STOP ! HOLD UP ! ICE CREAM AND CAKE ! 
Who wants to visit the state of Franklin with me ? 
Power outage ... great ... 
Christina Aguilera is looking a bit thick ! 
I'm sooo tired of this stuff on the news ... I'm tired of political ads , celebrity nonsense and stupid acts of violence ! It's time to push the reset button on this system of things ! 
It's so cold ! 
Pineapple Expresss = No swimming on Saturday ! 
How many Jack-in-the-box restaurants are there in MoVal ? 
Dancing up a sweat at my hermano's boda ! 
Finished the Iron Man movies ... I'm pretty sure Thor will be in Iron Man 3 ! 
It's not easy being green . 
If you read and concentrate on Scriptures before you go to bed , will you have sweet dreams and a good morning the next day ? 
Good . 
Watching 20/20 ... this guy had an online relationship on Facebook and he found out she wasn't real !!! 
Popsicles at midnight ... i love being a grown-up sometimes ! 
Is it better to be realistic or optimistic ? 
Just made some super bomb curry chili ! It's great ! 
Midnight Haiku #1 : 
Magic fruit here now 
I try to run from strange ghosts 
Pacman : iPhone style ... 
Get your flu shot people ! ( I will be soon !!! ) 
it is time to sleep ... but so many cookies ... dreams , people ! 
Sitting here in my comfy hospital bed ... can I take this home with me ? It's very convenient ! 
You remember that sandwich in your school's cafeteria ... weird dog food meat with long lumps , covered in barbecue sauce , stuck on a dried-out bun served with tator tots ... that's the ancestor of the McRib ! 
4:44 am ! 
I'm afraid to drink soda because I'm afraid that the bubbles will make me float to the ceiling . 
The chorus of " What A Fool Believes " by the Doobie Brothers always scared me as a child . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vucmtLvIXMg&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Jabberwokiez ? Cool ! 
Watching the Babies documentary ... so interesting !! 
Have you ever used one of those blackhead cleaning strips for your nose ? It looks really gross once you're done of it . 
I was on the phone for about 20 minutes with a dear sister that I studied with over 10 years ago . In spite of her advanced age ( she's almost 70 now ! ) she still tries to pioneer and had nothing but encouraging things to say . I feel so loved right now ! 
She had style , she had flair , she was there ! That's how she became the nanny ! 
I miss my grandma !! I want to see her soon ! 
Beyonce's preggers ! It's all over the interwebs ! 
Is it time to take a sledgehammer to my heart and let more love flow in and out ? 
So tired ... but at least it's blow dried straight ! 
Granola with soy milk ... the best ! 
Those exxxtra hot Chettos are not that hot ! 
Today I suck . 
It's cold . 
Day 2 of Winter Vacation : Sinus infection has me down and out ... goody ! 
... is feeling sick ! :( 
If a toy fits inside a toilet paper roll , it's too small for a child under 3 years of age . 
I need a foot massage ! 
My mom wrote a text : HAPPY NEW EAR ! lol someone needs some sleep !! 
Movie rule of thumb : If Stanley Tucci is in the credits , it's a movie worth watching . No joke . I just adore this man ; him and Jeff Goldblum . Mmm ... Jeff Goldblum . 
My eye ... why do you hurt so badly ? 
ARGH ! My glass cracked !!! 
Bible reading has put me in a good mood . 
The main screen on the iPhone should rotate too . 
Why won't you buy me a Gingerbread house ? 
My eye has been twitching for about 48 hours now . I probably need to sleep . 
I've been eating cake and ice cream all week . No wonder I feel extra fat ! 
I've got cold feet . 
I've got 4 new brothers and sisters to work out in the ministry with ! 
Just made some bomb deep-dish pizza ! The best part is that it's not full of grease ! 
... Is Sterlizing the bottles ! 
... wants to have a pumpkin smashing party real bad ! 
The show " whose line is it anyway ? " is on right now 
YES !! Let the monthly vacation days begin !! 
I wanna go for walks after work but lately it's been getting dark by 5pm . Should I strive to go out for walks after work or join the nice , warm gym down the street from my house ? 
Maybe it's true , maybe it isn't ... I'll wait for you , love . I will eagerly wait for my love to arrive . 
My life isn't very satisfying ... 
That's me ... always in the shadows of someone else's excellence ... 
Hmm ... do I get in my car and go play in the snow or stay in my cozy bed all day ? Decisions , decisions ... 
Denishia Phillips , Tabatha No'Nonsense Phillips , Tay Black-Beauty Beckom : Why are y'all in the nursing field ? ( If I didn't name anyone else , I'm sorry for not being in-the-loop ... ) 
Bring me some sunny-side eggs topped with some banana ketchup ! 
Anisometropia . 
Don't tag me . I will remove it . 
Today was a wonderful . I woke up , got in the shower and started looking for my keys . It took a while for me to find my keys , but I found them inside of a picture frame . Then I took out the trash and I lost my job ! How weird !!! 
I saw the Google maps truck yesterday . 
Watching the New Year's thingie on TV ; some people are wearing glasses that say " 2001 " -- I guess " 2011 " is hard to put on a set of glasses . 
I know the secret of making checkerboard cookies ... 
Smells like a skunk drowned in lemon Pledge . 
... is waiting for my nephew to come out ! 
Things that should be available year round : 
Candy Canes 
Chocolate in heart-shaped boxes 
Peeps in the shapes of hearts , snowmen and rabbits 
Chocolate in the shapes of hearts , snowmen and rabbits ... anything else ? 
Who wants to be my face-time friend ? 
I'm not paying $15 for a cardboard guitar ! 
Hey Facebook peoples ! What movies do you consider to be " Modern-Day Classics " ? A " Modern-Day Classic " movie would be something that was released between the 1990 and 2010 that one could easily relate to in future decades . It would be a movie that you'd always want to keep in your DVD collection and it'd be one that you could watch over-and-over again . 
Who Framed Roger Rabbit is on ... a fond memory from my childhood ... but they are cussing in it ! How did that not get edited out ? 
Shakira couldn't be here to accept this award so it's mine now ! Love That !! LOL 
On fire !?!?! 
Ferrets are illegal in California . 
ROFLBO !! Lady Gaga ripped off of Madonna last night ! Listen to her new song then listen to " Express Yourself " by Madonna and you'll see what I mean ! 
Ok ... why did the guy who just sang " I freakin ' love glitter ! " sound the best so far tonight ???? 
... will be leaving in an hour for the induction ! Charging and packing items NOW ! 
4 yogurts for $1 at the 99¢ only store ! 
I'm hungry . 
Since when did Church's Chicken start selling tacos ? 
Does anybody remember The Weekenders ? 
National Red Day .... that's why everyone on KTLA is wearing my color ! 
Must have RAMEN !! 17¢ a pack !! 
It takes a lot of effort to change your name , especially if you live in a state different from the one you were born in ... am I doomed to be Johnson forever ? 
SMH ! Some dude went to a school board meeting ( in Florida ) and fired on board members ... now he's dead ! What is happening in people's minds today ? 
I don't wanna be your valentine ! You should love me every day of the millennium ! 
Who wants to watch Battle : Los Angeles ? It looks fierce !! :-) 
It's so cold outside and in my heart tonight . 
I feel better now . 
I need some relatives out here please ! The weather averages 70 degrees in February and you have the option of going either to the mountains or the beach or fishing and camping or gazing at the stars in Hollywood . It's a big state ... you'll never be bored . 
<3 COME AND JOIN US IN CALIFORNIA !! <3 
That's what the Internet is all about : fat people doing stuff that no one else cares about . 
UHN ! Type in " Jehovah's Witnesses " in the Netflix quick app and somehow " Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs " pops up ! LOL 
2010 burns my eyes like the strange fumes emanating from my fireplace . 
I'm secretly a horrible person inside . Don't let my sunny-face fool you . 
Who here remembers what a floppy disk looks like ? 
The Color Purple is on KCET ... for some reason ... 
I wish I had a warm , heated table to sit under in the winter . 
Is sitting in front of a roaring fireplace ... should I have some vino to go with it ? 
So sleepy ... and I want some Kim Chee and noodles ... 
Dear all who know-know me , 
Do I do enough for myself ? Am I taking good care of me ? Yes ? No ? Why or why not ? 
Sincerely , 
me 
Pain is weakness leaving the body * like a drill sargent * NOW DROP AND GIVE ME 20 SOLDIER !! 
Hug , hug , kiss , kiss , hug , hug , big kiss , little hug , kiss , kiss , little kiss . 
How is a diva a female version of a hustler ? 
Black to the future is on right now !! :-) 
What's love got to do with it is on now ... should I watch ? 
Poor Professor Higgins ... 
Auntie Mame ! 
Price is Right showcase of my dreams : 365 pairs of shoes , a trip to Miami and a cherry-red Mazda Miata !! 
Time for a pedicure to wind down the day ... 
I just heard that ECD is now gonna be in Vegas ... is that exactly bad news , ravers ? 
Forever 21 is having some crazy sale today ... tops and bottoms start at 99¢ and up . 75% off other items . 
A parent came to school today and told one of my bosses that we discriminate against everyone : Blacks , Whites , Hispanics , Asians ... Isn't it nice to know that us in the public arena treat ALL STUDENTS like crap ? LOL 
Chocolate bunnies , candy canes and heart-shaped boxes should be available year-round . 
Blockbuster video on Iris and Lasselle is closing !! Huge sale on DVDs and video games !! Get em before they're gone !! 
If a futuristic Snoop Dogg projected himself in front of you asking if you wanted to go to the future with him , would you follow him ? 
Why can't I have whatever I want ? UNFAIR ! INJUSTICE ! OH THE HUMANITY ! 
Whilst at Burlington Coat Factory : 
" I didn't know that Coach made shoes . " 
* Looks at price of shoes * 
" I didn't know Coach made UGLY shoes . " LOL 
Maybe it was a sign ... I was in the drive-thru at Del Taco and the lady in front of me ran out of gas . Another person and I hopped out of our cars and helped her push her car into a nearby parking spot while everyone else waited to order their food . 
My acct wasn't hacked into or anything but ... RESET your passwords on a regular basis AND don't forget the new one ! ( like I did , lol ) 
20 foot waves ... 13 foot waves ... aftershocks ... risk in Hawaii for a tsunami ... 
Have you ever tried to Google yourself but didn't get many results ? Google Emery instead ! The 1st ten pictures are either her or Thomas lol ! 
I could really use a wish right now ... wish right now ... wish right now ... 
I wanna go to Japan and dig the country out of its mess ! 
Bought iTunes special version of " Need You Now " ; much better than regular one . 
You can't be a good auntie if you're afraid of poop , tears and baby vomit ! 
Apparently , when you press " Enter " ... it comments for you . No more " comment " button ? 
Ron Artest is gonna be at VVHS tonight ... KGGI basketball game ... the DJs always lose , though . 
A bunch of baby ducks ... send ' em to the moon 
Soda machine that doesn't work ... send it to the moon ! 
Playing Sonic the Hedgehog on your iPhone us HARD !! 
Soup's on ! ( or in this case , some bomb chowder that I just made ! ) 
It's so windy !! 
I'm walking to my car when a woman yells " Hi ! How are you ? " across from me . I tell her that I'm doing fine ... but I don't know who the lady is ! 
Sometimes I sit in my car in my driveway updating my Facebook status . 
They've detected a slight increase in radiation in Riverside . Nice . 
I can't do it !! It wouldn't be authentic ! 
Is it strange that I like Ni Ha Kai-lan a heck of a lot better than Dora the Explorer ? 
WTH ! Little girl got gang raped in moval near Victoriano Elementary School ! IM MOVING TO IRVINE !!!! 
Yo no soy marinero , soy capitan . 
I guess the dep isn't gonna call me back ... I guess that's a good thing ? 
If you like it then you should've put a ring on it ... 
Can't sleep ! 
Everyone's going to Vegas except for me ... 
They serve " Iced Chocolate " at McDonalds now ... isn't that just Chocolate Milk ? 
You wrote a bad song , Petey ! 
One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do . 
Can someone explain to me , in child-like terms , how the goverment can " run out of money " ? Please and thank you !! 
Thanks to Famous Footwear I know who's going home tonight ! 
The dreaded Thursday is ova ! 
Who remembers the Macarena ? 
Braised chuck eye steak , shrimp , rice and green beans . Yes , it's gonna be good ! A good meal to end a good vacation ! 
Who cares that I want to name my first daughter Susan Kimberleigh ? I DO !! 
People all over the world , join hands 
Start a love train , A LOVE TRAIN ! 
Is this the real life ? Is this just fantasy ? 
Caught in a landslide -- No escape from reality ! 
Tyler , you're both amazing and frightening at the same time . 
My nose is runny , my polish is peeling , my eyes are saggy ! 
KOBE'S DOWN !! 
:) <3 life ! 
It's a twister ! It's a twister ! 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 
1 . How we met 
2 . My first impression of you 
3 . What i like about you 
4 . Favorite memory of you 
But if you like this you have to post this as your status :) 
... is watching Toy Story tres en mi casa ... don't you just <3 DVRs ? :) 
... is watching " The Ten Commandments " like she does every year ... 
How do you let go of the greatest someone has committed sin against you ? How do you move on from the most painful memory that cannot be erased my anyone other than Jehovah himself ? 
Did you know that you can buy a wedding dress at Costco ? :-\ 
Watching Big Bliss Marathon on TLC ... wedding dre$$e$ are $o expen$ive ! 
OMG ! Gestational Diabetes is serious ! Don't sneak sweets !! 
I actually feel like being active today even though I'm so tired ... 
Uhn ! Some douche in Winchester used a fake roadblock to try and assault a 16 year old girl . 
Who is watching the Royal Wedding this Friday ? 1 am on the West Coast ! 
... is being good and eating a chicken- kimchi salad . 
... is going to try and sleep now , TYVM ! 
Guilty Conscience : Man in a beat up Toyota starts to turn the corner on Indian . He immediately notices the flashing Police lights and makes an illegal swerve onto Iris . MAN , THEY DON'T WANT YOU ! 
She's in the car !! 
I want Pippa Middleton's dress . 
Tyler is trying to walk ?!?!? 
If pain is weakness leaving the body , I'm gonna be as strong as an ox after this ... 
I love the color red . I need it in my room . I also need to be able to relax and calm down after a hard days ' work . What other color would work ? The red wouldn't be too bold or too dark . 
What's so special about Las Vegas ? 
I refuse to celebrate the death of an evil man . I would rather celebrate the life and death of a righteous one , Jesus Christ . His death meant something to mankind and it'll be forever remembered whereas the death of the evil ones will become nothing more than a footnote in the history of our planet . 
But enough about me ! What do you think ? Whose death is really worth pondering over ? 
Metalachi ! 
UNH ! So tired of everyone's FB getting hacked into ! 
My new chair is broken ... :( The chair is not my size ! 
I thought that Bojangles and Popeyes were one in the same ... 
We don't just blow bubbles .... we blow bubbles with kittens inside . 
Watching documentary on the recent disasters in Japan ... I just wanna cry and prep my disaster kit ! 
... is hoping this BabyFirst TV trial works so she attend the mtg in the morning ... 
Eggs in a basket don't make people sleepy ... 
Who is Rebecca Black and why do people seem to hate her ? 
PAYS THE DOCTORS BOY ! 
Dear former VVHS Students : 
Daryl Ronto passed away last Sunday . He lost his battle with cancer . If you want to attend the funeral on the 16th , send me a message and I'll give you the info . 
ALERT ! BEES SWARMING ALL OVER ALESSANDRO AND PERRIS ! 
I'm so sick of illness . I'm hurt over pain and suffering . I'm miserable because of sadness . I'm tired of being fatigued . I know I'm not the only one ! Let's sigh about it together , serve Jah unitedly , and wait for that day to arrive ! 
Grandma ... will she be ok ? Memphis is underwater ! 
Four for you Glen Coco ! You go Glen Coco !! 
I need something grown up to do during my Memorial Day vacation . Suggestions , people ? 
Mushrooms are so yummy . Just thought I should release that ideal out into the universe . 
OH Facebook ... stop suggesting people that I don't know !! 
It's time to let the cool May breeze sweep into my candlelit room whilst I zone out to Simply Red's " Holding Back the Years " ... Is this what a bachelorette's life cracked up to be ? Or is it just me ? 
What sort of things can you do with an eggplant ? I've panfried it twice but I'm open to more suggestions . 
Somebody tell me ! 
Why I work so hard for you ! 
To give you $$ ! 
Sometimes there's no way I lose 
I was born to run and built to last 
You'll never see my feet cuz they move so fast ! 
Auntie Kim & Tyler @ the mall ! 
Tyler ... why are you licking me ? 
Watching " Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution " ... Maybe we all should switch to organic meat ? 
Is it normal for babies to rush towards you and suck you face ? 
Oh Panda Express ... I asked for a large soda not a liter of Dr. Pepper ! 
Pop-up Video Marathon on VH1 Classic ! 
On the train to sleepytown ... next stop -- comfy bed ! 
Brush , brush , brush my teeth ... 
White spots on my tonsils point to one inevitable truth : I'm sick , people . 
OS 5 looks sweet ... if you don't at least have an iPhone 3GS or above , you're out of luck ... 
Did you know that Old Navy makes plus size women's clothes ? Just found this out yesterday ! 
Last day of school means ... that my last day of work is next week ! 5 days left ! 
Where can I get a copy of Grape Soda Quarterly lol ? 
Still feeling ill ... thanks Tyler ! LOL 
Let's see who truly reads my status ... You and I wake up in a police car together . Using 4 words only , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good person and play along . ( 4 words are hard ) 
I'm not afraid to ask people for help when I need it . I'll do my best to figure it out on my own and if I can't I won't feel ashamed to ask for assistance . 
I think I want a scooter ... a little Vespa to run errands in ... doesn't that sound nice ? 
I've been sick for the past 2 weeks ; should I go to the dr's ? 
Man up here on Maury with 3 women pegging 4 kids on him with an additional 2 on the way ... how disgusting ! How careless ! 
Tyler is loving the vapor rub on his chest ... now he doesn't sound so congested . 
My hope is to be as refreshing as a cool summer breeze in 90 degree weather to all whom I know and love ... 
Runny nose , cough , insomnia ... welcome to Summer Break , Kim . 
Are people still taking money for Haiti somewhere ? 
What's with the phrase " air your dirty laundry " ? If your laundry is dirty , air ain't gonna help ! 
Teachers teach so much better when they're paid in money and not chickens ! 
Foot hurts ! Mom says my arches are falling ! = time to pamper the toes ! 
Lonely people eat pizza in the dark ... 
Razzle Dazzle Rose ( what does this look like ? O_o a ) 
R is for Romance 
A is for Apricot 
Z is for Zebra 
Z is for Zippers 
L is for Love 
E is for Eagle 
D is for Danger 
A is for Angelic 
Z is for Zip Code 
Z is for Zealous 
L is for Lunchables 
E is for Employment 
R is for Rice 
O is for Octopus 
S is for Sisters 
E is for Egomaniac 
... is trying to plan a day in Riverside with fine food and cultural entertainment . 
Prince song that I like : " Feel Better , Feel Good , Feel Wonderful " 
Prince song that I dislike : Earlier works that sing about sex 
Prince song that describes my life : " Wherever U Go , Whatever U Do " 
( I deliberately chose newer Prince songs so some of ya'll need to get on board ! ) 
Like this and I'll give you an artist !! 
Jamiroquai 
Song I like : " She A Fast Persuader " ( But its hard to pick just one ! ) 
Song I dislike : haven't found it yet ! 
Song that describes my life : " Canned Heat " 
Like this post and I will give you an artist ! 
¡Estoy comiendo comida china ! 
WIPEOUT IS ON !!! 
Who wants to attend a matinee of the latest Transformers movie next Wednesday ? 
101 Ways to Leave a Game Show is no joke ! 
Starting New World Translation ( bi12 ) using http://itunes.com/apps/Stanza . :) 
So hot ... 
I am soooo glad that I am one of Jehovah's servants , especially when drama is concerned ! 
OMG ! I need some fried rice STAT ! 
What do you do when you do something you regret ? 
... Is watching Family Feud right now : 
Steve Harvey : Name an animal that would take up a lot of room in Noah's Ark 
Family : Rhino 
XXX 
Who do they ask when they survey people for the Family Feud ?!?! 
Does anybody know why the doors aren't open yet ? 
... can't wait for the drama in the LBC ! 
Dude , stop brushing your hair and put your hands back on the wheel ! 
Best ... convention ... ever ! 
Taking my braids out whilst learning some history about the states ' shapes . 
Burger , fries , ribs , salad and some Moscato = good times ! 
Oh Home Depot box fan , where have you been all my life ?!?!? 
When life hands you lemons , make tacos . 
Fans , water bottles and 2 flavors of ice cream ... pleasant dreams , Kimmy-chan ! 
I need a family to barbeque with ... cuz it's summer and that's what you're supposed to do ! 
Sad news to report : 
Sis . Regina McCoy passed away today . Please send thoughts and prayers to her family . I'm personally resolved to she her and so many others in the new world to come . That's probably what she wanted the most . 
Worn out ! 
I will gladly pay extra $$ if the latest iPhone has a 3D option ... it may take me 2 years to scrape the pennies together but I'd do it ! 
Tyler , you have some years to go before you can FB ! 
Tyler seems ok after his shots yesterday ... 
Is it a crime ... that I've NEVER had Chicken and Waffles at Roscoes ? 
I <3 children ... especially because I don't have any ! LOL 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word and then not copy and paste because that's no fun :D 
I miss all my brothers and sisters who are asleep in death ... but I'll be seeing them as soon as they wake up ! 
Willow Smith whips her hair back and forth and looks totally cute ... If I whipped my hair back and forth , it'd fly across the room . Just sayin ' 
Oooh ! I want a sweet tea from McDonald's real bad now !!! 
What's with the pictures of shoes everywhere as people's profile pictures ? 
A real woman always keeps her house clean and organized , the laundry basket is always empty . She's always well dressed , hair done . She never swears , behaves gracefully in all situations and all circumstances . She has more than enough patience to take care of her family , always has a smile on her lips , and a kind word for everyone . Post this as your status if you , too , have just realized that you might be a man ! 
I finally found the scripture I was looking for for the past hour !!! ( Matthew 12:43 -45 ) 
OH MY GOSH ! OH MY GOSH ! OH MY GOSH !! ALL THAT IS ON TV !!! AAHAHAAH !!! 
Doug's on at 10:30 tonight ! 
I suppose I should update my picture ... maybe in the near future ? 
WANTED : Someone that knows how to play Bubble Bobble 
NEEDED : RIGHT NOW !! 
Ok , time to drag myself in . 3 more days of registration ! 
Who is good at Super Mario 3 ? 
Who wants to go to The Cheesecake Factory ? I love their Shrimp Franchese ! 
He's whining while playing with his toy ... I'm so confused ! 
My Tyler needs a uncle to play football with ! 
Gotta step my spiritual game up ! 
Moreno Valley is on fire . 
He can crawl ... time to turn the bassinet into a playpen ! 
Happiness is cuddling with your nephew until 10am ! 
How is the family on the show " Downsized " struggling if they're on a reality show ? 
Luci is at the car doctor's ... hope she is ok !!! :( 
Kids @ the car shop are pretending to be playing Power Rangers . They are so funny : 
" Power ! " 
" Water ! " 
" Fire ! " 
" Lasers ! " 
" Eyeballs ! " 
" You're not going anywhere now !! " LOL 
Just read an article in Cosmo that says Facebooking can be depressing , making you compare your life with others or second-guess your own life choices with their posts . What's your take on the subject ? Have you found yourself getting upset while reading your friends ' posts on new jobs , marriages , pregnancies , etc .? 
When life hands you ground pork , give it to me so I can make black eyed peas ! 
ROFL Glenn made it rain on the pizza man ! 
Should I move out of state ? 
I can't believe it's been almost 10 years ... 
Oh Ty , why did you attack my face ! 
Oh Sun ! I order you to to sink into the horizon and return in 2 hours ! 
Gotta finish painting my room ... who wants to help ? I'll buy lunch ! 
How does one set fire to rain ? 
Hola people ... just adjusting my privacy settings for Facebook ! 
Ten years ago today I couldn't cry ... now my eyes are full of bitter tears . May God's Kingdom come soon to make the world right again . 
Can you believe it's been 6 months today since the earthquake and tsunami in Japan ? 
... Is Watching Rio ! 
Earthquake ! Did you feel it ? 
... wants some sharp cheddar cheese ! 
Time to sleep ... partied like a 40's rock star ! 
What about toast ? I don't get it ? Bread's already been cooked ; why do you need to cook it again ? 
Who else thinks that the upcoming movie " Real Steel " looks like an elaborate form of Rock Em Sock Em Robots ? 
Had anyone had success with Weight Watchers ? How did it go for you ? I'm thinking about joining because I need to be at a healthier weight . 
That's me in the corner , 
That's me in the spot -- light , 
Losing my religion ... REM is splitting up ! 
I'm so hot right now ... it feels like my head is inside an oven but I don't have a fever ! Weird !! 
I feel like I've spent all my life taking care of other people ... I wish I had someone to take care of ME for a change ! 
I want to go to Oak Glen this fall ... who wants to go with me ?!?! 
Still sick ... still sneezing ... still tired ! 
So tired ... 
First a cold ... now bronchitis ?!?! 
I had a dream that i thought the system was ending ... but the sun was out and someone misspelled a scripture in the sky ! It was a prank ! Also , someone was in a car accident ! 
Tyla Asis Javier beware of the typhoon !! Be safe !! : -* 
OMG !! Just saw this commercial about a guy that has 74 kids ... he donated his sperm ! I guess the show is about him ( and his fiance ?!?! ) connecting with all 74 kids ! It's on Style tomorrow @ 9 pm . 
Is there a such thing as a breakfast SOUP ? 
Uhn ! You know how Facebook will sometimes advertise pages that relate to your wall posts ? Well the one on my wall says " Breakfast -- Jessica Bennett likes this " LOL 
Did you know that there is more than one English setting on FB ? You can change it to Pirate or Upside Down English ! Just go to your profile , click on English and change it ! I double-dog-dare-ya ! 
Now why we would want our FB to be in Pirate's English I'll never know ... 
If you dare to wear all black while riding your bike in the middle of the street , you better hope that my brakes don't give out ! 
A lot of us have been waxing poetic over inspirational quotes and reflective thinking . What's gotten into you guys ? lol :D 
So hungry ... so sleepy ... what should I do ?!?!? 
... is feeling sick . Why me ?? 
I'm really tired and I think I'm going crazy so I should go to bed now ... Kimmy sleepy . 
If your child's teacher wrote the word " Loser " on your kid's assignments , even in jest , would that make you feel comfortable or not ? 
