JUST GOT NEW iPOD :D 
mam thinks iv broke my finer after the accident in PE 
Just to let every1 know iv quit miniplanet and did i hear a thanks you wen i gave u that hottub jas ?? 
like this and i will put your face in hole of picture then post 
Just been to the beach it was EPIC ! 
putting some pics and vids on now :D 
Lush day im goin to the beach at 6 who coming ?? 
Lisen peeps be4 we all left we decided to go to the beach for half 4 since we finish at 3 ITS GUNNA BE EPIC !! 
Off to the beach ! 
yea lets all go to the beach at 5 it will be EPIC helps if people TURN UPP !!!!!! 
and i dont want a list of excuses :( 
Is any goin 2 the beach 2day 
has finsied DEAD SPACE , DEAD SPACE EXTRACTION And DEAD SPACE 2 :) 
Dear Children , 
When you look under your bed , 
what exactly are you planning to 
do when you find me ? 
Sincerely , The Monster . 
WHY DO WE NEED SCHOOL ? 
•MUSIC : We have YouTube for that . 
•SPORT : I have a Wii . 
•SPANISH : I watch Dora . 
•ENGLISH : Everything is shortened anyway . ( LOL , BRB , IDK ) 
•MATH : That’s why we have calculators . 
•GEOGRAPHY : I’ll buy a globe . 
•HISTORY : They’re all dead anyway . 
Like if you agree :) 
omg .. could you imagine what it would be like if there were two of me ? 
No one will ever beat me at bejeweled !!!!!!! 
:( 
did u know sam is moveing to blackpool 
wishes he could grow cannabis on farm-ville and sell it on mafia-wars 
just finished watin wanted gunaa watch hot fuzz withcharly havin a good night before holiday :) 
Samantha ord beat up ben twedell on the way home from skl 
since reece has went offline can i just say that would classed as wastin police time and u probably didnt call them anyway and i have the message sayin that youll just lie and stuff so reece stop wastin my time and the polices 
I survived Y2K , bird flu , mad cow disease , 9/11 , AND swine flu . 2012 , bring it on 
wasnt allowed to go to parents evenin and thinks its so my mam can say stuff bout me while im not there grrrrrrrrr 
you've been bobed !!! 
? / This is Bob , copy & paste him on 
/ ? every comment you see so he can 
/ \ take over Facebook .... See more 
__ ??????? ?? l ??? ?? l ? * ?? ?????? ??? | ?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ? | ??? ? ?????? ?? l ????. __ This is Bob's house ... ... .. 
is the sort of friend who's there when he needs you 
is the guy who put the laughter in manslaughter 
is inventing air conditioning for motorbikes 
' s fake plants died because he did not pretend to water them 
' s computer beat him at chess , but he sure beat it at kickboxing 
can't sleep . The clowns are going to get him !! 
Most 
people have a 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one . 
To get better . I know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status , but 
my friends will be the 3% that do . In honour of someone you know who 
has died , or is fighting , or has survived cancer , please copy and 
re-post 
is doin important things rite now like spinnin round in my chair tryin to make myself sick 
is inventing a pedal-powered wheelchair 
is now a fully certified waster of time engineer 
is very upset cos he has lost his teddy bear how will i sleep tonight ? :( 
ha ha ... very funny ... whoever took the sun PUT IT BACK NOW !! 
doesn't need to use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice 
im on day 2 of holidays and lovein it iv been swimming and were goin to some farm were u can feed the animals in fileds and stuff hope i dont do wat chloe did wen she was in a filed with animals 
Dinosaurs were lies , fed to us to cover up the existence of Pokemon 
is annoyed coz they moved doctor who forward 15 minits and then an hour !!!! 
is a vegetarian , not because he loves animals but because he hates 
plants ! 
is wondering if some people EVER stop moaning about their lives ... YOUR in control , it's YOUR choices that got you where YOU are , so shut up & sort it out FFS ! 
if you dont like me go on this page http://www.amishrakefight.org/gfy/ 
change your Facebook profile picture to a 
cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the 
same , for the NSPCC . Until Monday ( December 6th ) , there should be no 
human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign 
to stop violence against children 
has started answering himself 
has Swollowed Gum and Lived 
???? 
guns dint kill people .. i kill people with guns 
jack nd charly here whats people doin he day 
im super board wats ppl doin 
I just read last year 4,153,237 ppl got married . I don't want to start any trouble , but shouldn't that be an even number ? 
Oh 
the weather outside it frightful , and I know school would be 
delightful , but since I don't want to go , LET IT SNOW , LET IT SNOW , LET 
IT SNOWW <3 
has just grabbed hold of a moldy tomato inside the picnic baskit while looking for a container and just spent 10 mins wasing his hand :'( 
IM B-B-B-BACK !!! 
doseanyoneknowwhatthelongstickatthebottomofthekeyboarddoes ?? 
if yr wonderin why i dont go on msn its cause my computers broke :( so im typeing this from my wii 
good news computer fixed YAY ! 
RIGHT , WHO STOLE MY SNOWMAN ?! I'M RINGING THE POLICE 
Before anyone els says it windows 8 was MY idear !!! thats right mine !!! 
just enterd the gadget show compactiton for the first time and im feeling lucky ( fingers crossed 
cant sleep : 0 
Grrrr scheduled maintenance 
is thinking of going dressed up as a mafia person for halloween 
TOP POSTING LOADS OF TUFF ON MY WALL SAM AND HANNAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
OH the weather outside is frightful and school would be delightful , but since i dont want to go LET IT SNOW , LET IT SNOW , LET IT SNOW 
Im GETTING MY NEW PS3 2MORRO ! YAY ! =P 

I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://apps.facebook.com/smileycentral/go.jhtml?partner=ZNzfb008_ZUfox000 
Got an harvested a moonstone on bejeweld blitz 
i think rachel wadeis the best cousin everrrr 
ARRON STOP POSTING ON MY WALL THIS IS GETTING ANNOYING !!! 
my cousin rachel is the best <3<3 
< [ :{ D > HOHOHO ! Merry Christmas Everybody ! 
Minion is such a drama queen 
Geography homework finished at last :) 
33 mins left till 2011 
The world would be more fun is we painted everything COLOURFULLLLL !! 
