is gonna see Star Trek again tonight !!!! 
is hungry 
just got back from a workout at tehe track .. ick 
is bored ... 
is going towatch psych and prison break this afternoon 
is wondering whne he will be able to watch more prison break .. ( hint hint ) 
shot the sheriff . 
and I'm free , free fallin . 
had an interesting experience watching his mom mutter things under her breath while beating the dvr and later the dvd player and vcr . 
Had an interesting morning listening to his mom screech at the computer not working , screech at the clothesline , and screech at and beat the washing machine . The number of problems on the computer were caused by the caps lock button being stuck and not IE 
just found a good theme song for the girls x-crountry team - " Cattle Drive " 
there's a mountain lion in the house ! oh . never mind . It's just Caesar . 
wants a Zorse . 
quote of Diana Jepson , " The love the sound of water on rain . " 
cant wait til football season !!! 
" If heartaches brought fame , In love's crazy game , I'd be a legend in my time " 
They named a building after Chuck Norris . They called it the Death Star . 
is going to Acadia National Park tomorrow . 
home ..... 
only a few days until evil kitten-eating people from another planet come to separate the house in half ..... 
the evil kitten-eating people from another planet are almost done removing the roof . 
frozen vanilla yogurt 
has a new mattress . 
is goibg to start reading the Kalevala . 
frozen vanilla yogurt later 
' s mom was scared while running home in the dark . She didn't want to get eaten by a Sasquatch or killed by an assassin ..... 
I know a lot of state capitals . I'll show you . Ask me the capital of Cleveland ! 
is hoping his cousin Ben has a good time in the Marines . :) 
' Cos I'm an anyway the wind blows rider With a dream like the river getting wider Yes , I'm love lost And I'm good times and bad gone by 
bored .... curses 
is listening to " Beautiful " by Moby repeatedly 
Listening for a faint sound , Gazing out the window I see , Winds blowing clouds , Wish they were taking me . 
has discovered that Macs are virtually useless without an internet connection . 
is not looking forward to tomorrow 
this is annoying ... 
shooter jennings ... ' nough said 
I love the freedoms we got in this country , I appreciate your freedom to burn your flag if you want to , but I really appreciate my right to bear arms so I can shoot you if you try to burn mine . 
time has had its way with me 
I won't stop feeling the pain ; my heart's just the same as before . 
Christmas = Charlie's favorite day 
never let ' em change who you are 
FREE BIRD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
curse you Jolt 
Spock : [ The Horta ] found humanoid appearance revolting , but she felt she could get used to it . McCoy : Oh , she did , did she ? Now tell me , did she happen to make any comment about those ears ? Spock : Not specifically , but I did get the distinct impression she found them the most attractive human characteristic of all . I didn’t have the heart to tell her that only I have— Kirk : She really liked those ears ? Spock : 
is at the mercy of the thorns . 
You may be coming down with mental health . 
I'll be back someday , but darling please don't wait for me too long 
death is like sleep with a longer dream 
at last , Night Castle is here ! 
got a 99 on the book report and Brady Quinn rocks Trev's socks !!!!! 
that wound's never healed and the blood it still seeps . 
nice town ... I'll take it . 
today is the seventieth annniversary of the Winter War when the Soviet Union and attacked Finland only to get destroyed by one of the world's smallest and underequipped armies . 
Q !!!!!!!!! 
only 46 more states left ... 
in partially moved into the new house . 
it's better to bleed than to need and never have dared . 
quotations of Diana Jepson , " I'm in a tree ! " 
realized that Macs is scam spelled backwards !! 
' s mom just screeched at the clothesline because it snapped . 
carry on wayward son . There'll be peace when you are done 
Polotical Correctness = The World's Greatest Oxymoron 
new star trek movie june 29 , 2012 
is psyched about the fourth season of Monsterquest !! 
Now it don't seem strange that the more I change , The more the feelin ' inspires , Understanding's what a man protects , Love's what his poor soul desires , I've been lovin ' everything in sight , Now this time I know the feeling's right , ' Cause I know that everyday can be a holiday 
fever , headache , swollen gland in my neck , weakness , and a complete and total lack of energy . If that wasn't bad enough , I went to take a shower and the soap was hairy . 
reality continues to ruin my life 
and I'm still runnin against the wind . 
sore throat , headache , fever . what a wonderful vacation . 
I began to find myself searching , searching for shelter again and again . 
1918 – The first hostilities in the Finnish Civil War began when White Guards attacked trains carrying a large shipment of weapons from Bolshevist Russia to the Red Guards . 
was lost in this night until you arrived , and always too blind to see . 
After this , the points he sharpened , and the arrow-points he poisoned , in the black blood of the serpent , in the blood of hissing adders . 
it's goin by the Book 
wishes the Patriots were playing today . 
don't take your guns to town 
I don't need to fight to prove I'm right 
there ain't no way we're giving up forever . It's like saying there won't be a rising sun . 
' s face is strangely hairless 
You think that something's happening And it's bigger than your life But it's only what you're hearing 
just remembered the time Seth walked into the girl's bathroom at marshwood and didn't even notice . 
And my head told my heart " Let love grow " But my heart told my head " This time no This time no " 
I will hold on hope and I will let you choke on the noose around your neck 
is going to a Red Claws game . 
People are like stained-glass windows . They sparkle and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in , their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within . - Elizabeth Kubler-Ross 
I pray your brakes go out runnin’ down a hill 
I pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like I’d like to 
I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls 
I pray you’re flyin’ high when your engine stalls 
I pray all your dreams never come true 
Just know whereever you are honey , I pray for you 
bought a laptop today 
new favorite song : Separate Ways by Journey 
3 hours later , I finally feel sick 
the scent of a superpretzel .... 
anyone want some LePage for Governor pins or stickers ? 
And I took you by the hand And we stood tall , And remembered our own land , What we lived for . And there will come a time , you'll see , with no more tears . And love will not break your heart , but dismiss your fears . Get over your hill and see what you find there , With grace in your heart and flowers in your hair . 
turn around , its on the other side 
Stargate Universe is such an epic show . 
thanks all 
BACON 
it looks like the only good upcoming show will be the walking dead 
pomagranate grape juice 
gamblin is knowin when you should be calling it quits 
Are you or have you ever been a Norse god ? 
the best thing ever is a spear-like snout being thrust into your face at 8 in the morning . 
" My friends call me moon unit ! " 
Thank you , Microsoft Works Word Processor , for not recognizing " Obama " as a word !! 
Next time give me a real challenge 
I asked Jesus , " how much do you love me ? " and he replied , " this much " and stretched his arms on the cross and died . If you love Jesus , put this on your status . 97% of you won't do it . When he was on the cross he was thinking of YOU but only 3% of you will stand up for him and put this on ... your status 
cant wait for Feb 1st 
TNG marathon 
first time driving = near-death experience 
Comcast guy is here !! 
watching Still Small Voices 
Paradise City by Guns n Roses 
listening to the greatest guitar solo in history 
just realized that the first song I remember hearing is Baba O'Riley by the who 
1 month until Christmas 
I pledge allegiance to Queen Frag , and her mighty state of hysteria 
It was the heat of the moment 
Telling me what your heart meant 
Heat of the moment shone in your eyes 
Holy Diver 
I've listened to " Beautiful " by Moby 117 times .... 
" Tell the kids not to do drugs . " " What ? " " Tell them . " " Why ? " 
remember spring swaps snow for leaves 
watched the season finale of the Walking Dead 
I <3 u !!!!!! 
Spyware Doctor is a scam 
Its Comcastic !!! 
so I guess its LePage vs Mitchell .. this could be interesting 
bored ... when does school start again ? 
Basically , you just poke a hole in something to kill it . Whee . 
off to the doctors soon .. 
Leningrad by Billy Joel 
Now time to wait for two months .... 
New episode of Haven tonight !!! 
Dear Staples : If you do not deliver my laptop on time this week I will bomb your store . Just kidding InfraGard .. 
How could they possibly ruin Madden 11 so horribly ? 
Luposlipaphobia : The fear of being pursued by timber wolves around a kitchen table while wearing socks on a newly waxed floor . 
Hung out with Nikki for about 7 hours . Now time to run ... 
nothing like the sound of cannon and musket echoing through the forest on Christmas morning . 
Interesting conversation yesterday 

Shannon : " I was just thinking- " 
Me : " Really ? " 
Shannon : " No . " 
Patriots today . 
Anyone have a 30+ gallon fish tank I could have ? 
Patriots 
" My eyebrows are furry . " 
~ Nikki Michaud 
I know , let's sell our entire Air Force to the Saudis , or better yet ! Let's sell it to Iran . I'm sure they'd love it , Obama . 
Chernobyl ... 
just found out he doesn't have to go to the dentist today . 
Funtown with Nikki 
You can't hide your lyin eyes 
And your smile is a thin disguise 
I thought by now you'd realize 
There ain't no way to hide your lyin ' eyes 
Honey , you can't hide your lyin ' eyes 
I was just about to mail a letter to my evil twinWhen I got a nasty paper cut 
And , well , to make a long story short 
It got infected and I died 
tired of algebra 2 already .... 
new favorite band : Cherry Suede 
there's a squirrel gang war outside my house right now 
In our darkest hour , oh , we look to the sky 
With a silent prayer 
Believe that God's on our side 
In a land where freedom rings 
And where eagles fly 
My head is giving me life or death 
But I can't choose 
Acting like an actor is easy 
If you can let go 
Moss who ? 
i hate you staples 
is typing this on a laptop ! 
has 1.1 days worth of music 
all I want for Christmas is reconstructive chest surgery .. 
watched the second episode of The Walking Dead . Such a great show . 
I have a strange , red , triangle-shaped mark on my shoulder . Possibilities of how it got there : aliens abducted me and ran strange tests on my shoulder . 
the government planted a tracking device there . 
it is the mark of the chosen one and some guy in a cloak is gonna come and try to get me to come with him . Yeah right , pedophile . 
it is a scar from a cat scratch . 
LePage tied with Eliot Cutler in the town of Bancroft , total population : 61 . Total votes : 25 . 
If the patriots dont do something in the second half i'm officially a packer fan 
my computer must not like my choice of backgrounds , it just changed it by itself . 
Phobatrivaphobia is fear of trivia about phobias . 
And so it goes , this soldier knows 
The battle with the heart isn't easily won 
But it can be won 
Chances are we´ll find a new equation 
Chances roll away from me 
Chances are all they hope to be 
i used to jam with rush and john ? cougar mellencamp . 
