Cause i just got paid , Lets get laid !!!! :) 
Frusterated !!!!!! What a Bitch ! 
Kiss me one last time , and bring me back to life 
La La La !!!! La LA LAAA ! Like my song ? 
This has been the worse summer i have ever had !!!! and the time i needed my best friend the most ..... she leaves me !!!!!! What the Fuck ????? All of them are the same !!!!!! i cant trust anyone !!!! So much fo best friends forever !!!!!! 
:) Happy !!!! im excited ! 
Hehehehe im REALLY happy !!!! But school is starting .... and thats lame 
Why wonlt you tell me ???? :( 
We hold in our hearts the sword and the faith Swelled up from the rain , clouds move like a wraith Well after all , we'll lie another day And through it all , we'll find some other way To carry on through cartilage and fluid And did you come to stare or wash away the blood ? 
I am falling down , Try and stop me , It feels so good to hit the ground , You can watch me , Fall right on my face , It's an uphill human race , and I am falling down 
AHHHH !!!!! LOOSE COW !!!! And thats why i dont like small towns ! hahahaha 
you ain't a Juggalo yus a Juggaho !!!!! 
Yoshi :) 
Hehehe 
Bored .. 
wow idk im alright now i jus need to rest . 
maybe , i'll be yours You'll be mine :) 
remember me :) 
Damn it ! 
:) oh yeah . Things are looking up .... Slowly :) 
Want something new to happen or do . :) 
This is stupid ... I might cry 
Lame .. I need a hug . And something fun to do ... 
Be very very good to me :P me i'm a scene , i'm a drama queen . I'm the best damn thing that your eyes have ever seen :D 
Boys like you love me forever :) 
Does anyone wanna hang out ? :) need something fun to do !! 
Anybody ?! Wanna hang out with me and Amber ? :) 
Ah unnecessary distrust and confrontation of people ... Can't every one just be friends :) 
Merry me today , guess i'm wishin my life away . With these things i'll never say 
Is that too much that i'm asking for ? 
Kiss me gently . Always i know . Hold me , Love me , Don't ever go 
Don't get me wrong , I just need some time to play :P 
This life is like a game sometimes 
Stefani Germanotta :) 
Does anyone wanna hang out tomorrow ?! My days off have been boring so far ! 
Your gonna like the way you look , i garantee it :) 
Ug is another saturday gonna be wasted ? :/ 
Bored ! :) 
Agh ! Your gonna get foot herpes ! 
My best friend means the world to me :) 
Guys can be such liars ! 
In just 7 days , i can make you a man :) 
had fun with kelli and Amber today :) 
Agh ! Just got hit on by a creeper ! 
I need something to do ... Like badly ! :/ anyone want to hang out ? :) 
Die romantic 
Imagine there's no Heaven 
Sex , drugs and rock n roll :P lol 
I'm so bored 
Want you to love me , like i'm a hot guy :P 
Someone text me ! :) i is bored 
Pizza time :D is all the time !! 
Oh my god ! Avril Lavigne ! XD 
I better find your heart 
Its all about being at the right place at the right time . Well when am i going to be at the right place ? 
Don't be a drag be a queen :) 
God my stomach hurts so bad .. :'/ 
my stomach problem is driving me crazy . it hurts so bad .. :( i don't wanna go to the hospital .. 
I need to stop being sick 
How does it feel , to be different from me ? 
I don't like mean people . And i don't like being accused of lying . Being yelled at when i dint do anything wrong .. 
You , you may say i'm a dreamer . But i'm not the only one . I hope someday you'll join us . And the world will be as one .. 
I have no idea what you just , said but it was funny ! :D 
Ladies don't worry cause we got plenty more . They fallin like the rain so we aint runnin out . Oh its raining men girl what you worried bout ? :P 
A crazy house , with my white jacket on . Won't you come and sign me out ? :P 
oh , so surreal 
' Why's that matter ? I'm adopted . ' ' WHAT ?! OH MY GOD ! WHO TOLD YOU ?!? ' hahaha :D cracks me up ! 
A is for awesome :D 
The silence of the goats 
silicone , saline , poison , inject me 
Hannibal the cannibal 
Don't cloud burst and drive ! :P 
Fuck ! 
Lookin for love not an empty page 
text me if ya wanna talk :P 
jesus christ walks into a hotel . he hands the hotel guy 3 nails , and he asks , will you put me up for tonight ? 
Final fantasy :D 
Just put your paws up :) 
:P hehe 
I'm just a goof looking for my ball :D 
Someone from vegas tried to hack on to my account :/ 
If you like someone and don't have any history with them , make history 
Want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world :) 
Anything but ordinary :) 
Had fun tonight :P Heather is fun . Glad Amber got to see her sister finally ! 
Love is the closest thing we have to magic :) 
At first everything looks nice , but if you look twice , you can see its all lies 
:/ 
Tell me something that'll save me , need a man that makes me all right 
My martini glistens yeah ! While checken out other guys :P 
I want someone to hold me . Make me feel loved . Make me feel special . I want someone to love me 
:/ its hard to find love 
' Maybe someday , i'll be yours you'll be mine ' 
We were given two hands to hold , two eyes to see , two legs to walk , two ears to hear . But why only one heart ? To find the other person to give it too . 
Maybe i'm a little crazy :P 
Got a book i wanted for awhile XD Mein Kampf !!! 
Dating ? My complete lack to lure shot that horse in the face . 
Im starting to think its not worth it anymore .... I'm not worth it . 
I wanna hold your hand :) 
Why is sex called sleeping with ? Your not actually sleeping . In fact your doing the opposite . 
All i ever wanted was for you to know , everything i do i give my heart and soul 
You held my and and walked me home , i know , why you gave me a that kiss or its something like this that made me go oh oh 
try to to tell me what i shouldn't do . you should know by now , i won't listen to you . walk around with my hands , up in the air . cause i don't care . i'm alright i'm fine , just freak out let it go ! :D <3 
Where are the hopes where are my dreams ? My Cinderella story scene ! 
I thirsty ! :) 
Walked by someones house , in the window was a fat naked man eating a sammich ... Awesome 
You will always be my black star 
Bath time for the pups :) 
You can take , my breath away 
Ooh i don't feel good :/ 
The reason i love you is you , being you , just you . :) 
Art crimes 
And as the time goes by i hope you realize , if you ask me to , i just might be with you 
This really sucks .. 
I feel like bleh .. 
M33P ! 
P . Sherman 42 wallaby way . sydney 
Don't abuse your animals or neglect then . If you can't take care of them , you shouldn't have them . Please call the police if an animal is being treated this way 
I feel wrong . 
Everybody hurts some days .. 
Today is gonna be another bad day . I can just tell 
What is it with you that makes me act like this ? I never been this nasty . But baby i don't mean it , i mean it 
Keep holding on , cause you know we'll make it threw , we'll make it threw 
Sooo i'm nothing . You take something from me and now you disapear- kitte 
Sun doesn't rise at all . Who knows how far i'll fall-shroomhead 
Bleh 
I feel awful :( 
fuck the pain away ... Fuck the pain away 
:( its just not right ... I don't wanna be alone . 
Things will never be the same 
If i hold you , just for today . I'm not gonna wanna let go .... :( . I can't stand to here you say goodbye 
I don't wanna look back . Cause we have something the past could never change ..... :( . Don't let me go cause you have my soul 
Cause i'm 4 real are you 4 real ? I can't help myself its the way i feel .... 
Your always on my mind ... I talk about you all the time . 
This Feelings i can't take no more . This emptiness in the bottom drawer . Its getting harder to pretend . 
Ouch .... Just got told i was ugly . :( :( 
Gay pride :) love who you wanna love 
Romeo oh Romeo ! Where art thou ? 
sit and watch me burn ! xP 
^-^ I love you 
Wish i could be one of the cool kids 
is lonely . 
I'm the type of person who falls for personality . Idc if your boy , girl , black , white , asian , gangster , punk , sporty , rich or poor , Saying the 3 words I mean it 
Darkness has pushed threw my vains again 
Lmao my dog just meowed . What the hell ? XD 
I is kinda bored and lonely :/ 
Hey , do you feel ? Do you feel me ? Do you feel what i feel ? Do you need ? Do you need me ? 
Rocko's modern life :) 
Glad its friday 
Ah ! my sqweeile spooch ! :/ 
Hang the bastard , hang him high ! Hoist his body to the sky . :D 
Go away ! We're closed ! Lmao ! :D 
I feel sick . :( 
I love my cat :) always lays with me when i don't feel good 
I love my best friend :) she gonna be with me when i get surgery 
Going to the hospital . Wish me luck :/ 
Everybody hurts somedays . Its okay to be afraid . 
Damn ! Damn ! Damn ! What i'd to to have you here . I wish you were here . 
wish i had my own computer 
Taint 
happy birthday Gaga <3 
Aw why does my neighbor get two big dogs . :( not fair . Me wants the german shepherd ! 
Oh my god ! Avril Lavigne :D 
find me somebody to love :3 
I hurt sooo bad .. 
Owwy :( 
meh .. 
Would you comfort me ? 
If you ask me to , i just might be with you :) 
My mind playin tricks on me 
:{ cant move . 
Figures :/ 
Its the heart against the brain .. 
doghouse .. 
I don't understand why my world is falling apart . stiching it back together is all i ever do . 
Feels rejected , Lonely , scared and lost . 
If you wake up tomorrow without me , would you be better off ? 
Every story worth telling begins with Amber and I . Your my best friend . 
And yet i wonder , if your slipping from my fingers . 
Tuesday is soo far away ;( 
This is were nightmares become realities ... 
I'm your terror . I'm your nightmare . 
here lately keeps getting worse and worse . 
Sometimes i just want to never wake up .. Like now 
I can't handle this anymore .. I can't wait til i leave this town . It can be so lonely 
I've made up my mind . Its your turn to step up now . 
I think i'm in trouble ... 
This is the worst feeling of my life .. 
Realizes i'm not a bad person . :D i can do this . Kick my depression with my brother , mom and best friend kaycee by my side . ' they ' just need time to think . 
I can do bad all by myself xP 
I like this movie :) i don't need no one to put me down , to make me frown just makes me look older . I'll worry about me . You worry about you . 
You cannot help anybody when your lost . You need somebody to care about you to tell you your worth it :) 
I'll just stay positive :) 
Nervous about surgery . Wish me luck :) 
I am cupid , god of love . I come from the stars above :) 
touch my light sabor luke XD haha 
Love is a game . Games should be fun . 
I need a job . Save up for a canon camera . :) and computer , and born this way :D 
Maybe just maybe :) 
Oh no ! I got a fever ! O.o 
I will make my own destiny :) 
The more you drink the better i look :P 
Wish i had a computer to watch gaga television :/ 
Maybe i'm just ... Pure evil hehehe 
Pain is a game we all gotta play . But why am i still in over time ? 
Dumb like a moose :D 
Just want you to know i love you for being you :) 
She's jealous . This has nothing to do with jelly !! :D haha 
Love Lady Gaga ! And Avril Lavigne ! <3 my heros 
You gonna make Biscuts ? You gonna make Biscuts ?! Youuu gonna make BISCUTS ?!? :D 
Frail human organs !!! 
Baby i was born this way :D 
Maybe you needa find something to make you happy , i'm just not that something 
:/ bored and kinda needing to sociallize 
Hey whats your name ? ' momma ' hey ! Thats my mom's name too :D 
Everythings changing everywhere i go all outta my control .. 
Why is it that the only people talking to me now are perverts ? 
I'm feeling kinda low :( 
Fml ... 
When i said i wanted to miss you i dint say i wanted to nearly destroy are friendship ... 
I don't need no one to bring me down , can't get no lower . I can do bad all by myself 
I can't pretend to be something that i'm not . And i won't wear a mask . I just can't play a part . 
Ug . I feel sick . :( i'm gonna go back to bed 
Ug 
Shower felt good . But i still don't :/ 
My hero :) Avril Lavigne . She's amazing ! 
I'll always be here for you , always . 
Avril's music makes everything better :D 
These feelings i can't take no more . This emptiness in the bottom drawer . -Avril :) is simply bliss 
It's a waste of my time lately and i'm runnin outta words :) 
I don't give a damn bout my bad reputation :P 
I do everything better with music . Its dumb we can't listen during school . 
I don't care if you think i'm strange :P i'm not gonna change 
Please say there's no regrets . Please say you won't forget . 
Can't bring me down ! :D i'm in a good mood and you can't stop me now ! 
I feel sorry for you . I really do . Stop pushing me away . 
Its time for you to come back . I miss the old you . The true you . 
Merry go round . Merry go round . Why do i keep hitting the ground ? -me 
Of course not .. :( 
If you don't like me for who i am , well then you don't like me for who i am , but all your gonna get is who i am . 
Through thick and thin ... 
Hahahaha surf nazis 
Just woke up . I feel horrible 
I hate when people dis on Avril Lavigne -.- she's amazing ! :D don't call her a sleeve .... 
sleeze i meant lol ! 
My house was egged last night O.o 
I don't need no one to bring me down , i'm on the ground . Can't get no lower 
Do you beleive in destiny ? i used too ... 
Things aren't the same and i'm ready for change 
You'll always be my hero . Even though you lost your mind ... 
Really considering online schooling next year , maybe math would be easier i hope 
I don't know what i'd do without my cat . :) i love Yuffie so much 
think i have a new hero :D 
I'ma do whatever it takes to turn this around . :) 
Wow ! My horoscope is 100 percent true ! Freaky .. 
Gonna get ice cream :) ice cream makes everything better ! Thanks Britt ! 
Whatever it takes :) 
You're enjoying this , aren't you ? 
This exactly what happened last time , and its not what WE deserve . 
Horoscope today- loved ones must be givin the space to be themselves . You need breathing room too . Its good to be joined at the heart . Not at the hip .. :) 
I'm hoping this is a short thing ! :D day 9and14 of my 30 day things are so true ! 
we keep puttin salt on these wounds . it hurts , but in the end they will heal . <3 
so this is me ... not giving up . trying to make things right . <3 
Realizing sumting !!! i must tell you when your ready ! your amazing and i love you :D 
Have to meet the surgeon tomorrow ... 
I can't wait :) 
I can't help myself its the way i feel . :) 
When my worlds crashing down , when i fall and hit the ground , i will turn myself around . You can't get in my way ! :) 
Do you beleive in miricles ? I do , lets make one happen .. <3 
i think about the little things that make life great <3 
She's jealous ... This has NOTHING to do with jelly !!! :o Hahaha :) cracks me up ! 
I'm nervous . 
I wish my best friend was here .. I may not be hers but she is still mine ... I miss you terribly 
My sickness made me lose 7 pounds 
What kills me is that i hurt you this way . The worst part is that i dint even know 
I'd give you my soul but i already sold it . 
There are somethings you have to learn , things i have to learn . But you shouldn't of gave up so early . We have yet to find ourselves . I can't figure this out . 
Okay , so Monday is my surgery day ... I'm scared . And wish someone important to me would be there . I mean there will be , but i mean a certain someone .. 
The things i do for the people i love ... 
If i could have one more day with either you or max ... I'd chose you ... Honest . 
we are all pink on the inside <3 
I'd do anything for you 
Been having nightmares ... Alot :( 
I can't give up .... Thats the one thing you ever asked of me ... to never give up ... 
I've fallen so far from the place i start from 
More nightmares ... 
Your stuck on the idea i'm a horrible person . Its time for you to listen to me . I know when you get an idea in your head , its hard to get it out ... 
What the Hell :D 
La La Lalalala La La Lalalala La :P 
Moments like these are priceless <3 :3 
Everyones gonna say what they wanna say ! Never gets better anyway :P 
The chickens are treated so well :P they lay their eggs to the sound of music 
I got my own black cloud :P 
I learned that i can grow :D but i guess , you just don't wanna know . 
He makes me smile :) 
Realizing why i went psycho . Stopping my meds ruined everything . Gah 
I am sancho ! :P 
im sooo lost . ready to move away ... 
See where the truth has gotten me ? Damn . 
Wow ! 
There is Hope !!! :DDD <3 gonna get my ging back !!!!! 
She's amazing ! This is the first step to recovory ! im so proud ! <3 
:3 had fun with my friend today 
Man my squidile spooch hurts ! 
I never have been and i never shall be 
after all , i am my own harshest cridict 
No matter how far away we are , we're thinking about eachother 
Maybe its not what it seems anymore . Have i lost my mind ? Is this where my nightmare becomes a reality ? 
People gonna do what the hell they want anyways ... 
That voice in my head . Well it sure as hell wants me dead . That voice in my heart won't even start . 
One last breath 
idk ... i dont feel right , in more ways than one 
Some girls should come with a warning with a small dose of penicillin for the sting in the morning 
Haha this guy cracks me up ! Did i ever tell you i was struck by lighting 7 times ? Once when i was walking my dog 
Some things you never forget 
Some people were born more fortunate than others . But even a palace can be a prison . 
Teach me , so i not wish to think 
Spagetti :3 
Your lips give my thy urge . Give me my sin again . 
feels sad , sick , and wrong . but cheerful thoughts , i try to have 
A reminder from my past . Reminds me of when i needed help . 
I don't know whats going on ! Some whore attacked some other whore ! xD Bahaha 
:( 
I needs something to do today :/ 
I'm not sure this is snoop . It could be one eyed pea or 38cents . :D Bahaha 
Freak out let it go ! Already freaked , now time to let it go :) 
I'm having a good day :) 
Sleepy ! Tomorrow is my surgery :( 
I'm not sure you know . But the reason i love you is you , being you . Just you . :3 
Bleh .. 
Had a nightmare last night . Woke up gasping . 
So i'm hurt ... And scared . 
I hate crying .... 
This hurts so bad right now .... 
Scariest day of my life tomorrow . I just wanted you to be here . Thats low . 
I guess i'm not that important to you anymore . 
I'm gonna be your number one :) 
Hope things go ok tomorrow . And i see you :3 that'd make things better . I'm terrified . 
I'm done trying . I'm not giving up but i'm not gonna even try . 
Today is the day . Getting ready to go soon . 
Thank you to those who wish me luck this morning . It means alot to me . I'm so nervous . 
What a tiring day 
But i guess , you just don't wanna know . 
Okay then 
Can't even walk to the damn bathroom myself . It hurts . I don't like this . Worse pain ever ... 
And yet i wonder ... What went wrong ? I see now . 
My feelings are hurt . But i guess its time . 
If you really don't care i'll pack my shit and leave 
Guess this is you saying goodbye 
You never realize how good you feel until you feel bad 
Just know that i love you 
If this is the end , i'd like to know . But its been kinda harsh . I'll always love you . 
We enterupt this program to bring you loud static :P 
Where did i go wrong 
Beleive in yourself :) 
I hope :) never give up . 
Came out to meet you , tell you i need You . You don't know how lovely you are ... 
Sick of the way you been talking to me . Sick of the way you been talking to me . I gotta stay positive now :) 
Won't stand for you treating me badly anymore ! Especially when i'm so sick 
Family isn't about blood . Family is about who you care about . 
I hate when my mom goes to the bar 
I'm sick . :( 
Wow ! I'm tired of you treating me like shit . 
I'm not trying to fight with you . Your trying to fight with me . 
I tried to make it better more than once . So don't blame it on me . 
A little stress realif :3 we needed that 
Cant wait til tomorrow xP 
I had a blast :D 
I scared ! What if a tornado comes ! O.o 
-- The normal boobs ( . )( . ) , the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) the perfect boobs ( o)(o ) . Some boobs are cold (^) (^) , and some boobs belong to grandmothers \./\./ And let’s not forget the very large boobs ( . Y . ) , and very small boobs (.) (.) , and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•) (.) . We love them all ! Post this message on your wall and say ??? (?_?) ??? to breast cancer . SAVE THE TATAS !!!!! 
I'm not sure you know 
That the reason I love you , is you 
Being you , just you 
Yea the reason I love you 
Is all that we've been through 
And that's why I love you 
scars wounds i'm bruised watch me bleed i'm your beauty , beauty fiend once again without perfect teeth i begin the dream as i sleep soon i've sinned my skin is still thick my mouth as always is brutally honest at my calmest 
Oh no ! :( i have noone to help me with homework ! 
Damn ... I need help with chemistry . 
So aparently i'm very neurotic . But has emotional depth that others lack 
When you look with your eyes everything seems nice but if you look twice you can see its all lies 
No one has to know , this is a private show 
Amber ' i have multiple personalluties ! Only one of us can talk right ' LMAO 
I miss the old katy perry :( she's different now ... What happened ? What happened to the katy perry i looked up to ? 
Oh my god just remembered my cat catching on fire eeek that was scary 
All us Juggalos and juggaletts , the truth we hold all the love our family brings , never cold . Pass the axe to the right into our eyes a greater light . We 
Hell yeah ! I can do anything if i keep my mind to it :D 
Home is where the ghetto's at XD 
Will this ever end ? I still don't feel good :( :( 
I'll never find another dog like max . He was the best . I want to remember the good times :) i love you Max ! R.I.P. 
Are we distancing from each other ? 
So you say its not okay to be gay , well i think your evil . Fuck you ! Fuck you very very much ! :) 
Miley totally copied Avril ! :( not cool 
When am i gonna leave this town . Its tearing me apart . Im trapped in a world different than mine . 
Just call me wicked ... ;) 
Shall i give you despair ? 
Tell me something that will save me , i need a man that makes me alright 
I don't feel good :( and i'm hungry my mom is at the bar once again 
The rabbits are coming Horay Horay the rabbits are coming Horay Horay ! 
Going to Otep today :D 
Ooooh boy !!!! :P 
Deep scars in our hearts and minds of the lost soul in up all 
I am a traitor of myself . 
Pizza :D 
Aww Max is dreaming and barking faintly :) how cute i love dogs 
I am a robot 
Nobody wants to hang out :( :( 
I'm bored . Someone text me XD 
You and me could write a bad romance 
I am bored 
I'm so ugly , thats okay cause so are you 
OMG ! I fell in love with a rat Terrier XD i want one 
My head hurts but thats ok :) can't wait for my mashed potatoes :) 
Don't dream it . Be it 
Yaaaaay :) Charlie !!!!! my new puppy is soooooo FREAKIN ADORABLE !!!!! Love him so much ! :) 
<3 you make me smile 
So happy :} 
Cause i love the way you call me baby , and you take me the way i am 
Forever in your heart , forever we make the part <3 
Baby now that were alone gotta request , would you make me number one on your playlist ? 
Off to work :) 
I'm so tierd :) but this trip should be fun ha its a little scary with sav driving :) 
:) happy day i am so on my diet it sucks 
Be strong be strong now , too many too many problems , broken inside 
Lady Gaga and Marilyn Manson !!!!! That remix was INSANE !!!!! :) <3 
Fucking prick ! You are such an asshole ... Don't know how to treat a lady . :( 
is thinking ........ NOVEMBER 17th !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD XD XD 
Pokemon :) 
Whats wrong with E.E. ? ( She dies ) emma ?! Talk to me !!! Lmao XD 
I wanna roll with him , a hot pair we will be , a little gambling is fun when your with me 
:D Cloud Strife 
He is so special :) i love him <3 
Pizza time :) all the time 
r burn out this candle baby , baby 
Love lady gaga XD 
You can't have my couch !! 
Awww i love my new puppy Charlie :) 
Ooooh ! Intense ! I'm playing final fantasy and Yuffie ( my kitty ) is totally watching it XD 
Your my rockstar in between the sets , eyeliner and cigarettes 
Eww mountain dew float sounds gross lol 
Everything keeps going wrong ... I'm so sad :( why ? Its so stupid ! 
He's totally gay and she's totally a lesbian :) and yet they are together :) haha haha 
Let's make a sammich :D 
Sleepy and missing nana 
I sure as hell could use somebody , i'm lonely i could use a homie 
Excited XD goodbye lullaby XD 
Excited to go to Branson :) i'm so tired lol 
I want Doritos or something ! 
Lets make a sandwich :) again 
Wird fortgesetzt ... 
<3 and you take me the way i am :} 
Otep was amazing XD XD XD she waved and smiled at me !!! She has an adorable dog XD so cute ! Otep is so cute ! XD 
Got the new pokemon soul silver version for the DS :) it's bad ass 
You know i appreciate the finer things but its not what makes me happiest baby ( i can do without it babe ) your tender lovings more than i can handle neve 
Might get my mobile internet takin away real soon :( 
soooooooo Bored ! 
Agh ! Attack of the kitties :) i'm super excited to go to Branson ! 
Once upon a time ... 
Agh my knee hurts so bad ! It'll be screwed up for the rest of my life probably 
1 of my goals in life : meet Avril Lavigne 
Avril Lavigne XD oh yeah 
tonight will be fun 
She broke my heart , i'm over it but the pain and shadow still haunts the one i love now 
You say reach for the stars , all i can grab is air 
My stomach hurts so bad :( but that was some Nummy chocolate milk :) 
zackary got me sick gotta love the little guy though i had to hug him :) love my cousin 
Feeling great :) 
Don't call someone a faggot , thats degrading to other homosexuals . Besides the broad before you might happen be a faggot 
Let's make a sandwich :) 
cant be too careful 
Trying to get a kitten for my girlfriend :) 
I am very happy :D 
Oh my god !!! My cat just caught on fire ! :( but she's okay :) 
Charlie is so cute :) i love my puppy ! 
Man ! I get goose bumps even if i just watch Avril play live on youtube XD just wait til i go to one of her concerts XD i'll ball my eyes out XD my hero , Avril 
I was reffered to some state person with a pagent thingy ? How cool :) i could do things i'm going to raise money for it so i can do it next year :) it'll 
Yum watermelon 
Geez .. 
Anybody want a dog ? He needs a home with lots of attention very sweet message me if interested 
I'm really missing nana 
This first night in branson was stressful but Six was amazing :) thats a great rythem band 
Bring it on 
Show me your teeth 
mess yeah the girl is stressed 
I'm so bored .. 
Nothings going right , and everythings a mess 
Fuck this .. 
I'll paint the sky purple for you :) 
Love is a verb . You have to show you love each other , you have to do it . Verb , its what you do . 
I'm more than just an option , refuse to be forgotten <3 
I am as vain as i allow . I do my hair , i gloss my eyes , i touch myself all through the night 
The next time you make a mistake it may be a good thing because without improfection neither me or you would exist 
I wanna go back to sleep 
Running in squares , here i go again lol 
finding a true friend is so hard . I myself had only two in the whole world . My first i lost touch with a while back . Much clown love to her . And now i have my best friend and only real friend in wellsville . Amber . Keep the real friends you have . Don't fuck it up like an idiot . True friends are a treasure . 
Can't wait to eat solid foods again . All this ice cream is makin me fat lol ! 
One pokemon i don't like ... Magicarp ... They are so annoying !!! 
Bring the violence !!! 
We've got a red light , pornographic dance fight 
Does your pretty face see what he's worth :P 
There are many things i'd like to say to you , but i don't know how 
Avril Lavigne is simply amazing ... 
Shallow waters in the heavens above , have no sympathy for the decaying heart 
What can you do with a drunken hillbilly ? ... ;) 
Whoo ! I lost 7.1 pounds !! XD 
Soooo , let's build a snowman and make him are best friend . We can name him tom or we can name him george . We can make him tall or we can make him not so tall :) 
I may be burning down in flames but you'll burn with me ! 
Once opon a time from the mind of your loneliness 
I am extreamly happy :} i miss him already 
I'm gonna beat you potato !! I'm gonna eat you ! Get back here ! - James 
Milka i love milka 
Lady gaga and Avril Lavigne are amazing !!! XD 
are one , we never die share the love , as we cry . MCL 
Lesson : DON'T LIE TO OPRAH ! 
answered a question on Friend Facts™ 
Some girls won't dance to the beat of the track , she won't walk away but she won't look back . She looks good but her boyfriend says she's a mess she's a 
I'm sparkley XD 
Look at all these posers bite a swagger like a great white 
Ha she's definatly my cat :) picking up a knife and what not :) 
Eh eh nothing else i can say 
Tomorrows a new day 
Ich kann es nichet ... 
Okay , i'm kinda freaked out about the whole thing about the world is gonna end 2012 and fish and birds randomly dying ... Ag !!! 
Karate kitty :) 
My pokemon hugged me :) 
My poor baby puppy Deago is missing his brother max .. :( he's going through depression 
Im safe up high nothing can touch me .. 
Breakable breakable boys and girls . 
I know all i see all i tell all ... For a price :) 
EWWW the dog ate the skunk ! 
So my dream last night was so awesome :) i wish it were real 
Meowth that's right ;) 
3-8-11 ... I'm waiting Avril ... Your my hero . save my life once again <3 
Ug at work with a major headache 
Agh ! I wanna go to the mall again :) he's so cute 
I love lemon bars ! 
Its the peanuts guys ! 
Thank you Avril Lavigne and lady gaga :) thank you for being there at Crappy times like this XD love you girls 
My mind is blowin up with rage . My heart is breaking , i'm locked in this cage . can't escape cause i'm feelin lost . Can't escape with my feelins tossed-Dalaney 
Won't at least admit it . Why do they never admit it ? 
Don't know what to do 
Cant sleep . Tomorrow is Friday . Nothin to do this weekend . Lame lol ! :} 
This is a top secret zone ... No peeking :) 
This is driving me crazy . :( i don't know how much longer i can take it . Every single day . Over and over again . 
Can't sleep :( and i have to get up and work at 8 
I'm in the mood for some final fantasy :) 
Your eyes are bright . The moon is full in the dead of night . This you should know , that i love you so . <3 - laney 
I'm begging for affection 
You all laugh at me because i'm different . I laugh at you because your all the same . 
I'm happy and yet got a lot of things on my mind . Hmmm :) whoo Zelda , pokemon and final fantasy :) go nerds !!! 
Lady gaga :) she's my hero XD her and Avril Lavigne 
Who wants to come with me and hide in the sky ? <3 
OMG lady gaga XD can't wait ! Gonna try to go to her concert in august XD 
Want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world . Like i'm the only one that you'll ever love . Like i'm the only one who knows your heart . <3 <3 
Waiting for the perfect moment :) 
Tell me something that'll save me , i need a man that makes me feel alright 
I heard her angel like voice . The recording of the best Nana in the world 
Was it something i did was it something you said ? 
Going to my first job 
Your a fat persons snack ! 
Avril Lavigne :) 
Great ! Mom's in the hospital :( 
I'm so stressed ... Ugh ! Stupid water and cat and everything ! :/ miserable ... Glad to see my brother today :) 
And this is where everything slowly fades away .. 
7 pies !!!! 
Do you know what you need ? An AK47 , it'll take care of the problem-lady gaga ;) 
My mom is gonna pick her up 
In it for the fame 
I bet you dint know i'm really a black man with mad b ball skills 
I <3 nerds :) 
Gotta love Cloud :) so amazing 
Gonna eat soup and try to get better :( needing to snuggle :) and watch a movie 
I like you alot lot think your really hot hot XD i love that song 
Forever forget this quiet soul . In our minds we lost control . Caress the inner heart . In her mind we fall apart . 
Mmm hot chocolate :D 
Pimp my pup ! 
" Why should I care what other people think of me ? I am who I am . And who I wanna be . " -Avril Lavigne :) 
Bored outta my mind . Cant sleep . Waiting for something exiting to happen . =) cant wait to see my nerd boy <3 <3 
YAY hair cut soon ! XD 
I'm so bored someone text me ! 
Wish i could shut my playboy mouth 
System of a down ! Fuck yeah ! :-D 
Another lonely night . Mom's at the bar and i'm stuck at home . :( looking pretty crapy so far 
You and me could write a bad romance ! Want your bad romance !!! 
Faggot , a word harshly used all the time . In the bible meaning the gays are going to hell . Um .. See why i get offended ? 
Nirvana :) i loves it ! 
Eh eh there's nothin else i can say ... :) 
Playin pokemon :) 
November 17 !!! OMG OMG OMG !!! I cant freakin wait ! XD XD XD 
OMG ! New real non walmart shoes !!! XD 
Spinnin round with mixed feelings , crazy and wild . Everythings changing out of what i know . 
I'm bored someone text me :) 
I do not feel good . Im goin back into a deep slumber . :} see you all friday at school lol 
Tell me something that will save me i need a man who makes me all right . 
Why wont facebook log me in on my fone but the computer it works just fine ???!!!!?!?!?!?!? >=( i dont even have a computer !!!! 
Ima take a walk :) 
Okay you have ten seconds to tell the truth or you'll be set on fire ? 
Sooo im bored ! lol :) 
I am as vain as i allow . I do my hair . I gloss my eyes . I touch myself all through the night . And when something falls out of place . I take my time . I put it back 
What are some Avril Lavigne quotes ? 
rock it ! Its good to be yourself . 
Is worried about max 
Life is too short to settle , be unhappy , or not do the things you wanna do 
She found a foot in my fridge .... And things got nuts ! LMAO 
R.I.P. My baby Max ... My puppy sense i was 7 ;( 
Lets make a sandwich XD love Lady Gaga 
I'm so upset ... 
Damn !! Thats Fucking ridiculous !!! 
Ranger Rick is in love ! 
I don't wanna be the girl who has to fill the silence 
Our hair is perfect while we're all getting shit wrecked , its automatic honey , but we got no money 
He makes me smile XD 
Going to funeral stuff today and ending saturday night . :/ not fun . R.i.p. Joe and travis . I love you . May you fly with angels in a world not forgotten . 
Sepiroth , have you lost weight ? 
Omg !! Alice in wonderland ! Totally woke up at six to go buy it ! Excitement !!! XD 
If you're diffedrent , embrace it . Don't be afraid to experiment with your fashion . If you want to do somethin different and go with a certain style or vibe- 
Russian Roulette is not the same without a gun 
Taint .. 
Run run her kiss is a vampire grin the moon lights her way while she's howlin at him 
Ingrid Michaelson is amazing :D 
I'm having another bad day ... Tryin to stay positive . You mean so much to me :) ... I love you boy 
Avril's mom : why are you doing that ? Avril : because it's fun ! XD hahaha OMG ! She's so cute ! 
Lady Gaga is so funny :D i love her 
Avril Lavigne XD 
Ich liebe dich 
Christina Aguilera is totally copying Lady Gaga !!! Its angers me ! She'll never be as good as her ! 
I am as vain as i allow 
Where are the hopes where are my dreams my Cinderella story scene 
You know that i want you . And you know that i need you , i want it bad , bad romance 
Final fantasy XD simply wonderful ! 
baby Its worth my while to make you smile . <3 
I'm in a constant Russian Roulette 
Want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world ! Like i'm the only one that you'll ever love ! <3 
Haha that makes me laugh :D 
I just love when people Fuck with my mind !!! Grr ... :/ 
You held my hand and walked me home , i know why you gave me that kiss or its something like this that made me go oh oh :) 
All we care about is runway models , Cadilacs and Liqour bottles 
You cant have my couch !!!! 
Mr. Miller is a bad teacher . I am gonna try to transfer outta that class . I have never stressed out this much over school work .. Lol 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
Gaga XD 
Max is doing better today :) i'm happy . I love my puppy 
I thought i heard his bark :/ 
I hate it when i finally get to sleep and get a prank call then i can't get back to sleep . :/ WTF ?! I've been awake sense 12 and only got 20 min . Of sleep :( 
The things you should've known ... You don't get me at all 
:) he's so sweet 
Ooh sexy mama ! ;) 
That boy is a monster . He ate my heart . He ate my heart . 
up until now i had sworn to myself that im contint with loneliness , cause non of it was worth the risk , but you are the only exeption ... 
They did it with thier highly potent space jizz XD hahaha 
Oh oh christmas my christmas tree's delicious :P 
Deal with your own creation 
Art Saves <3 Music is my life 
Nyer 
Tonight was fun , although the high heels hurt my feet and i almost fell lol ! Something was missing though . 
Sonic is good :) 
Got sick at school , i'm bored might go back to sleep if i can 
Amber : i love this song ! Me : what is it ? Amber : i don't know . Me : ( confused look ) Amber : no ! Its the name of the song ! LMAO 
Freakin Jenova's head !!! 
All we care about , runway models , Cadilacs and Liqour bottles 
Why must things be so complicated ... I want your ugly i want your disease i want your everything as long as its free i want your love 
Why are guys so lame ? :/ 
Guess who my favorite two singers are in the whole world ? XD 
Simply spectacular 
Avril Lavigne :) what more can i say about this beautiful goddess XD 
Avril fan forever :) 
My puppies are so cute !!! Otep and Luca :) 
Going home :) i miss my baby kitty . Those mornings were lonely without her running to greet me when i wake up :) she's so cute 
Take off all your preppy clothes ... You look like a fool to me ... :D love that song 
Show me your vamp 
I've fallen so far away from the place i start from 
Live and let die 
I'm breakin dishes off yo head all night ... I won't stop until i see police lights ... 
outta my mind and confused but good :) 
I need Max so much right now ... 
Final fantasy Avril Lavigne lady gaga and chicken :) life's good 
I never have family or anything go to my chior concerts . My mom never goes or anything . Not cool .. 
Ich vermisse dich 
Herpes no fun ! Hey forcefeed cause nobody can hear you ! A sharp fight one and you better give up ! Buys paste there was the nast of all i stab my give backs ! 
Beautiful and dirty dirty rich rich beautiful and dirty rich 
If you dint wanna get carjacked then you shouldn't of bought a car 
Agggg !!!! That Angelina Jolie Poster !!!! Grr .... Lmao Jenifer aniston is wayyyy better ! <3 :D 
Pikachu ! :D 
Eeyore :) 
I'm looking for love not an empty page . Don't want no paper gangsta ! Not interested in fakers ! Someone who's got the flava ! Don't want no paper gangsta 
I'm looking for love not an empty page . Don't want no paper gangster :) 
Boring weekend !! Lol ! 
I'm gonna exercise more 
I don't wanna be the girl who has to fill the silence ... The quiet scares me because it speaks the truth . 
Like chewing on pearls 
I won't give in to that hunger burning deep inside me . I'll never be . 
Copy this to your status and see what people rate you ... ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish we wentout ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) i want you ( 8 ) spoiled ( 9 ) great person ( 10 ) wild ( 11 ) funny ( 12 ) beautiful ( 13 ) mature ( 14 ) i'd take u home to mom ( 15 ) wish i had your# ( 16 ) weird ( 17 ) honest ( 18 ) freak ( 19 ) slut 
Ich Langweile meich 
Hold me and love me <3 
Tanz partie !!! XD 
Not interested in fakers :) 
Blitzball XD 
I'm so confused ! 
Look beyond what you see 
Let's make a sandwich :D 
If you can afford me :) 
Love can touch just one time but last for a life time :) looking for a special someone 
All i wanted was you <3 
You are as silly as you are mine <3 
Already drained from two of the four days of funeral stuff .. I hate disrespectful people . :/ no respect at all was shown today . 
<3 what can i say ? :) your beautiful and you don't even know it 
I love that lavender blonde , the way she walks the way she moves ... <3 
XD oh my god ! AVRIL LAVIGNE ! XD she's so awesome !!! 
I really don't want school to start tomorrow :( i'm not ready for that shit 
I am a hopeless romantic <3 
Just gave my hamster Mr. Craig a bath XD he's so cute 
Deago approves of the new puppies :) 
This is my world of chaos 
Is lonely 
School tomorrow :( so lame . Confused about some things ... Fuck ! 
Why does everybody keep dying ? :( its so depressing ... R.I.P. Nana , max , joe maslack , cousin travis ... ;( you all are missed 
Don't feel good . :( don't wanna get up for school 
I found myself in wonderland 
This has been the worse summer of my life ! Bring it on ! What else is gonna go wrong ?! Who else is gonna be a jerk ?! I'll be strong ! I'll get by . 
I love you boy ! :) <3 
If only you could imagine what i do . Maybe you'd understand and see things a different way . 
So happy i could die 
Damn the lightning hit right outside ... Scarey shit ... i thought a bomb went off . :P it was fucking awesome !!!! 
The dead dance all around me 
Sideaffects could include we'll scare the life right out of you !! 
YAY go Gaga XD won the best female artist video award :D love you mother monster ! We're the cool kids at the party :D 
Why did the blonde jump off the building ?...... To see if the maxi pad had wings . Hahaha 
Ich habe hunger ! :) 
Is bored . Someone text me :) 
your so obvious . Your so oblivious :P . So don't apologize . you don't even realize 
Tell me somethin that'll save me , i need a man who makes me alright 
Amber's Grandma " this is it ladies . " Me " Thats what Miceal Jackson said . And aparently it really was IT ! " LMAO 
Gay pride !!! Taste the fuckin rainbow !!! :P 
See that thing thats not clothing ? Make it clothing !!! 
Ug ... I hate bein yelled at .. My mind is so sensitive right now ... 
im trying to lure evil into my world ..... >:) 
You are the only exeption <3 
Boy you better learn ... 
Yummy :) my fortune is hershey's :D 
So contagious :) 
Gotta get up get up and .... Fight back ! 
Cherry cherry boom boom 
Avril Lavigne , lady Gaga , Otep , Ingrid Michaelson ... My favorite artists but each are so very different from each other lol ! 
Hope is the best medicine around 
I want your love and i want your revenge 
Agh ! My hair is so light and fluffy and pretty ! :D 
Fucking ridiculous !! My mom told me to go to school today and guess what ?!? Its just for the freshmen ! Ug ! Fml ... 
unclean , Filthee i can't get his scent off of me 
So bored ... Lol 
Yummy chicken noodle soup :) 
:} excited for the weekend 
Cute but dangerous . One wrong move could be the end of things .... 
Yuffie is a badass :) 
Imagine 
Please someone save me , take me away and treat me well . Be a good man with your romantic spell . 
What a fucking fantastic way to start the new year XD XD XD get to hear Avril's new song XD oh so happy :D love you Avril !! 
Get it together now 
Sing with power my dear . Worship with lust and strike me with pain . The aftermath left the sky purple . Whisper through the wind with a quiet symphony . 
Stupid rumors bout Avril Lavigne . She dint die . Stupid stupid stupid ! 
I'm born a super star . You'll see :) 
Covering up the crime is only the second step .. 
Awe wolves and bears playing together :) 
Could we fix you if you broke ? 
Chihuahua warriors :) paws up 
I feel the beat in my soul . The sound makes me lose control . Its in my heart . Its in my heart . My love is pure . My only cure . 
Facking hell !!! 
Going crazy 
Don't feel to good :/ 
Had so much fun with you this weekend :D i love you 
I am so happy she approves of him now . :} im so happy ! I miss you !! <3 
I hate those really good nights ... Then something really bad happens right at the end .. ;( 
Should i dye my hair more blonde ? Anyone got opinions ? XD 
I don't know . You tell me ! 
Got to see Mikey today :D hehe 
We like boys in cars ... Buy us drinks in bars 
Our eyes met but you saw right threw me .. 
Max ... My best friend 
Ich bin mir absolut klar . Ich trag den namen Monster . 
Haus of gaga 
And now im blind , i can not find , the heart i gave to you 
Thinking of him <3 
I just wanna scream and lose control ! 
Someday we'll meet once again , on the rainbow bridge . 
It filters through 
Promise i'll be kind :P but i won't stop until that boy is mine 
Shouldn't we send home the straight soldier who hates the gay soldier ? -Gaga 
Thank you all 4 birthday wishes :D 
Vma's XD 
You make me feel so special :) the way you look into my eyes . The way you hold me :) i miss you 
Your on your knees beggin please , stay with me ! But honestly i just need to be a little crazy ! :D 
School is boring :/ 
Got to see my babies today . :) so happy . And i swear i heard max's bark . It was just like it :) 
She comes out at night , when the moon's filled up and your eyes are bright , and i think i simply outta fall over board . Just so you can catch me 
Ima be a star :} 
Kesha is annoying lol 
You held my hand and walked me home , i know , why you gave me a kiss or its somethin like this that made me go ' oh oh ' :) 
I am so happy :D i have amazing friends i love you Amber , Kaycee and kelli :) you guys are wonderfull ! And i have a great boyfriend ! :D i miss you all ! 
Watching this stupid movie ... Ug ! Lol its worth it :D Avril is worth it 
Don't try and test me cause you'll get a reaction . Another drink and i'm ready for action . 
On the first page ..... of our story ... 
Fall back , take a look at me and you'll see , i'm fo ' real . I feel what only i can feel and if that don't appeal to you let me know and i'll go . 
You can see my heart beating . You can see it threw my chest . I'm terrified , but i'm not leaving .. Know that i must past this test . 
:) 
Confused i am . You lied .. I hate this .. I see the truth . Why couldn't you tell me the truth ..? Thanks .. 
Who knows what could happen , do what you do just keep on laughin :} 
Hopeless romantic .. 
I finally am happy ... And there it goes ... ;( 
My throat is killing me today :/ i need to go to the doctor 
:{ i is sad and upset ... 
Nightmares become realities 
We shall not speak in silence- Dalaney 
I'm cuddly bitch , deal with it ! :) 
I am so awesome with my people skills , advice and awesome talents of what to say :D i help so many people out 
Freak out 
im cudly bitch , deal with it ! :) 
I'm a dinosaur :3 Rawr 
Step back to yo favorite place , grab a chair . Over there is the world with a brand new face .... - Dalaney 
You never relize how good you feel until you feel bad ... 
Lost with words 
Not looking forward for tomorrow . I hate Mondays 
I'm freaking out 
<3 thinking of you 
Ich vermisse dich . Die kunst der verftuhrung . 
#713 you were my best friend and i miss the old days . You beautiful and a crazy friend :P 
God damn ... My mom keeps making me cry ... For nothing 
Avril Lavigne <3 fan forever 
You taste just like glitter mixed with rock n roll ;) 
When the world turns grey and rainy . You bring the sun out and and make my world bright and loving ..... After the rain , the rainbow .. <3 :) 
i might cry .... lol 
Attack of the wolves 
Would you comfort me ?.... Would you cry with me ? 
Just Fucking great :/ 
Your phsycopathic world becomes a world of hate in the mind of our loneliness . We are in a world of fire . 
Baby there's no other superstar you know that i'll be :P 
Oh betty betty ! :P 
i would like to sleep ... but i can't :( 
Had an amazing day :) 
Caught between two different worlds and my own 
Hoe hoe hoe , under the mistletoe . Cause everybody knows we will take off our clothes . ;) 
Awe i miss you boy ^_^ 
Listen ! There is no fucking ice cream in your fucking future ! :) 
Your amazing <3 
In this California king bed , we're ten thousand miles apart . 
I'm a sinner of this system . 
All my life i been good but now , i'm thinkin what the hell ! ... :P 
All my life i been good but now , i'm thinking what the hell XD :D i love Avril ! 
Feeling kinda weird . Lol 
I love the song love the way you lie part 2 but eminem sucks ! I don't like that part ... Lol ! Rihana is awesome :) <3 
i hate subtitles ! I can't read when i'm trying to see things ! :) lol 
life sucks ......... 
Humiliation while sufficating 
I hurt so bad ! Ug ... Having my wisdom teeth cut out sucks .. :/ 
This is my new london fire . My nightmare . 
You can't go on pretending that a certain someone doesn't mean everything to you . 
I'm not feeling all that great still . But i'm happy to have Amber , Kaycee and kelli is my best friends :) and Michael is amazing :D i love you all 
You and your stupid kkk slumber parties !! 
:} i is happy 
:D oh yeah ! Had chicken strips for the first time in a while sense my surgery ! :D 
I feel like i'm growing up too fast . 
I'm a kitty cat and i dance dance dance and i dance dance dance dance 
Your soul will perish in the firepit of the underworld ... :P 
My world of chaos 
Come on rude boy .. 
That was fun :) lol 
I wish i was afraid of suicide , long before i died 
[ Poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me . 
[ Like ] this status if im a good friend . 
[ Message ] me if you ever wanted a relationship . 
[ Comment ] on this if we had any great memories . 
If you feel brave , Copy this and post it on your status 
You Romantisize your world . This is one last step you take , your heart and soul . we will never be the same . Let's die romantic . .... By Dalaney 
I wanna have that one day where everythings about me . I want to walk into the room and have people say , " isn't she beautiful " 
Goodbye lullaby <3 
Keep ze monkeys away from my handz !! 
Does anybody wanna hang out ? I'm sooo bored ! 
I hate it when a guy doesn't understand why a certain time a month i don't wanna hold his hand .. 
Ich Hasse Dich :P 
Avril Lavigne One Of Top 10 Most Googliaale Women in 2010 :D probably cause of me LMAO ! 
It will never be the same . All i do is live in shame 
fucking worth it XD and i adored it hehe 
Jesus , is that you ?!? 
.... Well ? 
? IF ????? 
?? YOU ???? 
?? LOVE ???? 
??? AVRIL ??? 
????? COPY ??? 
?????? THIS ??? 
???????? TO ???? 
????????? UR ???? 
?????????? PAGE ?? 
Take me by the hand , take me some where new .. 
Off to bed 
I can't sleep . I'm sick . And keep throwing up . :( 
challenge yourself . be a beleiver . :) the skys the limit 
I want you to tell me those three words .. 
You know who annoys me ? Kesha ! God ! She's a Gaga wanna be . Lady Gaga is so much better . 
Your so lovely when you cry . Your so perfect when you lie 
I hate being the one who has to do things first .. I'm losing you . Its your turn 
Unsere Herzen sind zerbrechlich <3 
don't get me wrong , i just need some time to play . your on your knees beggin please , stay with me ! but honestly i just need to be a little crazy :D i'm just thinkin what the hell 
Dare to discover 
Metal gear ! :P 
I'm rejecting my reflection , cause i hate the way it judges me 
Love is so blinding . Its sad but funny , how it changes a person . 
Hit cha in the back of the head , with a crowe bar :) 
I want you to love me , like i'm a hot guy . XD 
Half psychotic sick hypnotic 
I text you because i miss you and when i don't text you i'm waiting for you to miss me <3 
She's out back counting stars 
Do you know the feeling when your heart is so hurt , that you can feel the blood dripping . -lady gaga 
I'm so sorry that i'm so stale 
And hell yeah , i'm the mother fucking princess ! :P 
I read the truth . Your feelings cannot hide with words in plain sight . Your acting . What good does that do for you ? 
Should i dye my hair more blonde ? XD it'd be cool . I need opinions !! 
Gorgeous delirious shadow with a very repulsive picture to manipulate the frantic goddess 
I am the goddess of crafts , wisdom and war 
Max ... Your my Valentine always and forever :) 
I'm so confused ... I might cry . 
Would you make me number one on your playllist ? :) 
We are all born superstars- lady gaga 
I need a phone :( :( 
I can't stop XD cause i'm having too much fun ! 
Love hurts whether its right or wrong . All i want is to mess around XD 
lol figures 
Why should i care ? Cause you weren't there when i was scared and i was so alone . :) Avril 
Does anyone have an extra t mobile phone ? MY screen cracked and i need a different one :/ lol 
Silicone . Saline . Poison . Inject me . 
I am depressed :( 
And i wanna beleive you , when you tell me that it'll be okay . Yeah i try to beleive you . But i don't . 
I can't stop , cause i'm havin too much fun :P 
Eeeeeeeeek !!!! :D i'm so happy !!! 
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter . - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 
I like you alot lot , think your really hot hot :) boys boys boys . We like boys in cars , buy us drinks in bars :) 
I'm more blonde ! :D 
I bring people good luck and i'm magically delicious XD i'm your lucky charm 
I'm the best damn thing that your eyes have ever seen :P 
My god ! That pisses me off ! 
I just didn't want to wear clothes today for whatever reason :) 
How can i catch up if i don't want to ? 
Be my friend ! :D 
