is home in Tally , now off to work 1130-4 . 
in j-ville ..... very glad for the better news so far , hopefully it will still continue . 
work 230-10 ..... 
about to head to work .... 6-10 . 
:: Looking forward to watching the first transformers again tomorrow morning then the new one later on !! 
sick but I still have to work 6-10 . ugh .... 
going home today ...... I miss you all in tally ! But I'll miss you guys in j-ville too ! 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads !! 
had a blast going through all the water in my truck today , even went out of the way to find really big puddles :) 
I don't work today ..... Anybody want to hang out ? 
I'm home !!!! 
:: I conquered a front flip with a full twist into the pool ! 
going to bed before I fall asleep while sitting up ..... that wouldn't feel too good . 
is watching transformers with the family . 
chillin with Cassie and enjoyed a day off from work :) 
is looking forward to a nice day tomorrow with family of choice , water and no work ! 
:: I'm sick and don't feel good and going to work tonight is the last thing I want to do . 
headed to the Engine room . 
at home wishing I had some plans for my day off tomorrow . 
and now to decide where to go from here ...... 
is home once again but headed out for dinner with Aunt Karen and Cassie soon , then off to the grocery store :) 
headed to Destin for a another 24hr road trip !! Only this time I have a partner in crime .... hehe 
:: going to bed , ong day at work tom and I still don't feel good . 
:: When will it end ? What will take , to make a change for the better ? 
got called to work earlier , now just chillin before a busy night . 
went running , washed the bathroom , laundry , made some phone calls . Now its time to do something fun .... but what ? 
chillin in Destin looking out at the beach :) 
:: I can do a back flip off the diving board !!! 
is chillin ...... 
headed back to tally ! 
trying to figure out what to do with my day til 5 when i have to work ...... 
decisions that affect so many different people are the hardest ones to make , but no one can make it for me ...... 
:: so glad to be home , exhausted ( 20 hr day on 2.5 hrs of sleep ) but had a wonderful night !! 
is very bored ..... 
:: Awesome weekend !! Now I sit here thinking and trying to sort out all the things going around in my head . 
going to run some errands with Stone . 
trying to decide whether I should go to the midnight showing of Transformers .... 
the weekend has begun and its already Awesome !!! 
had an amazing night at work tonight and there's no one home to share it with :( prayers still greatly appreciated . 
headed out to TCC . 
headed to bed at a reasonable time for once . lol 
off to bed . Lots to do before leaving town tomorrow , but can't wait ! Still so excited about what happened at work ! and still praying .... 
chillin at the house before work . 
ready for a another fun day in the pool with friends and family !! 
Destin here we come !!! 
back home in tally , don't know what the future holds ...... trying to remember to breath , take one day at a time , trust and pray . 
one week till my birthday !!! 
reality just vacuums sometimes , big time and always when you least expect it . prayers still greatly appreciated . 
:: I'm happy and excited yet the other part of me is worried and scared about what could happen ..... 
not doing anything just chillin .... 
headed to waiting rooms and doctors offices ..... 
its been a great day yet it just keeps getting better !! 
my cousin going to be a real rockstar !!! seriously i'm not joking , in two weeks ! 
no work tonight ..... anybody want to hang out ? 
:: Had a blast at being at the water park all day !!! 
finally home after an 11hr day at work , I tired ..... 
off to the hospital for a long time ... txt me cause at times i'll be very bored ... not for me tho . 
chillin with a puppy in my lap .... had a great night with Cassie and Aunt Karen shopping :) 
its been a very interesting evening to say the least , fun but still kinda odd .... lol 
:: I repeat its been a interesting , no ... crazy night , and i guess considering what time it is morning also .... 
:: patiently waiting ....... 
just got home from floyds . 
had a great day with Cassie !! ( our room looks awesome ! ) She leaves in 4-5 days :( 
off to bed early again because the alarm is going off at 530 again .... 
going to the pub tonight !! 
off to bed , alarm is going off at 630 am unfortunately ..... again . lol 
home from work and still trying to figure out where to go from here ..... 
work 3-10 , txt me if you wanna do something when i get off , 9046533387 . 
kinda excited about what might happen tonight !! Prayers for my grandma pls ! Cassie leaves in 4 days ..... Yikes !! 
headed to work till 10 . prayers would be appreciated for my family . 
heading to bed so that I can wake up early to run before work . 
had an wonderfully awesome day spending time with friends !! Very low on sleep tho . 
finally home after a long day at work and ready for some dinner . 
made it through the long day at work . 
work 530-10 . 
off to work till 4 . 
chillin and slightly bored ...... anyone want to chat . lol 
off to the show !! 
work 815-1 . And Cassie leaves while I'm gone .... :( 
:: Cassie just left ..... 
off to Floyds !!! 
home from work and chillin at the house alone . Had an awesome time with Jenny here and yes we got into lots of trouble ;) 
: sleep ....... 
had a great past 2 days !!! Off to work 530-10 . 
headed to dinner with the family .... Cassie leaves tomorrow :( 
in jax and off to bed .... early night cause i have to get up at 5am tomorrow . 
sleep i want and need sleep ...... 
finally home after being at the hospital for almost 10 hrs !! going home tomorrow .... 
work 930-2 . 
shopping was successful and had a great time in the process , and we still have the rest of the night ! 
Can't wait till tonight ! Work 6-10 , then to see Transformers !! 
:: Orange juice and tooth paste don't go together very well ........ work till 4 then who knows after that ..... 
putting laundry away .... 
off to bed I'm so sleepy ....... 
Jenny is here !!!! 
headed to bed , tomorrow will be a fun day !!! 
:: I get to hang with Jenny all day , what could be better then that !!! 
had an awesome today and hopefully it will continue :) 
headed home to Tally . For the record I hate going to the dentist and I hate stress ..... 
:: Awesome night !! 
home from work and chillin at the house alone . 
Keep it up Gators !!! 
:: Running errands and going shopping with Aunt Karen !! 
I love Sundays !! 
leaving at 6am in the morning for jax so if you're awake call me or txt . 
really tired after only 2.5 hrs of sleep last night and then driving to jax . 
off to work 11-7 . Its going to be a long day ..... 
headed to Jax for a little over 24hrs , if you're up call me or shoot me a txt cause I'll be bored . 
:: back in tally once again :) How come the only music on the radio between Live Oak and tally is country ? 
stoked about the weekend !!! 
:: Nobody said life was easy . Just have to keep getting up and don't give up . 
off to work 815-4 , long day ....... 
:: I'm freezing cold ! 
will soon be headed back to Tally ! 
I hate packing , somebody save me !! 
just got done chasing my cousins , Gabe and Stone , around the house for 10 mins whilst hitting each other with kitchen utensils ..... all because I was helping in the kitchen and I wasn't supposed to .... lolz 
:: chillin at the house with my grandma . 
headed back to Tally :) 
just hangin and waiting for something crazy to happen .... lol 
home from work and spending time with the family :) 
off to eat , then the movies and then later to the engine room ! 
back from the movies ; first night with Cassie gone . 
packing and " rat killing " before heading to Destin :) 
going running . 
back at my house and has to unpack , wash clothes , then repack again . oh what fun , not 
thinking ...... 
had a great day ! 
in less then 12hrs I'll be sitting in class , excited and not all at the same time . 
home from work and wishing Gabe a very happy birthday !! 
finally got off work 30 mins late and I really want to hang out with ppl . It's not late , any takers ? 
so happy !!!! 
is just plain irritated at myself and life in general .... 
packin up the rest of my stuff to head to Jax then to bed cause I have to leave at 630 in the morning ..... ugh 
I'm home once again !!! Lots of traveling up and down the interstate wears you out after awhile ..... 
I think its time for bed when my eyes start closing without my telling them to . 
:: Wishing there was some way to go out tonight before leaving for jax tomorrow ..... 
:: It's 2am and I'm still completely awake yet I have to get up at 730 for work tom ..... being on a different time zone sure can mess you up . 
hmm ...... what to do today ....... 
going bowling !! 
almost done unpacking ..... 
back in Tally and I'm super awake !! 
:: Going to bed soon cause again I get to drive I-10 again tom , I think we're becoming good friends . lol 
:: Going for a run cause now I have to go to work at 3 instead of 530 . 
out running errands . 
:: Off to work once again till 10 . 
having a great day with family and friends , Cassie leaves in 3 days . 
:: I almost wish I had started today cause I'm driving myself crazy with not . 
working on homework and studying ...... not sure I'll ever be " done " . 
somebody do me a favor and just shoot me now and get it over with ...... work 530-10 . lol 
:: I just got to chat with Cassie !!! Now I'm ready to start classes tomorrow . 
I'm going to be 19 tomorrow !!! 
2 days till school starts !!! 
:: its not like its going to get any easier so why am I surprised when it gets harder ..... 
finally headed to bed ..... 
done with work , ate dinner , what now .......? 
yeah ..... sleep ....... 
:: Cassie's home !!!! 
work 930-4 ..... yuck . lol 
studying ...... 
headed to work 530-10 . great ..... its only the first week of school and I already could use some energy . 
people can be very disgusting ( I found this out while being at work ) ....... First A&P quiz is done !! 
trying to get some homework done ..... 
okay I feel stupid ..... ended up leaving the house an hr early and didn't realized it till I was practically at school . So here I sit in the SU . lol 
:: As of this moment my life consists of A&P and work ..... till Christmas that is . lol 
:: As of today I have been in Tally for 9 months !!! Thank you to all the friends and family that have helped me along the way , you know who you are .... 
headed to class ..... in the rain :( 
headed to work 6-10 .... today was fun :) 
headed to dinner with the family :-) 
:: Jenny is going to be here soon , I can't wait !!! It's going to be an awesome day !! 
headed to class I'll be done at 5 , then off to Gabe's football game ! 
worked in the stock room all day . Didn't completely know what to expect but it ended up being fun , fast and tiring all at the same time . lol 
work is done for the weekend and now i'm headed to try my hand at the slip and slide ! 
:: Just finished working out and now I'm trying to study . Can't wait till the weekend ! Get to hopefully see Cassie play and walk around in really tall platform boots ! 
:: work 530-10 . 
Cassie is going to be here any minute !!!!!! YAH !!! 
off to school for the day .... 
now i'm really off to the show !!! 
work till 10 , shoot me a txt if you wanna hang out afterwards .... 9046353387 . 
hangin at school ..... where is everybody ? 
:: Headed Dragon Con in Atlanta !!! YEAH !!!! 
anybody want to hang or do something tonight , I'm not working and looking for something to do or ppl to hang with ?! 
Cassie's on you tube !!! i'm so excited !! 
headed out to the pool :) 
done with class for the day and is going to hang with Cassie !! fur true ! 
Tomorrow i get to have the fun of trying to figure out what's wrong with Reba ..... :( 
headed to jax , if anybody is up this early txt or call me I'd enjoy the company on the drive . lol 
chillin at the beach in Destin with friends and family !!!! 
just got home from an awesome night !!! Tomorrow = Dragon Con !!! 
Is is legal to have that much fun in one day ?!! 
grrr ..... do i have to sleeo ....... 
survived work .... just barely though , my throat hurts really badly :( 
:: Cassie comes home tonight , no recitation today , and I think I'll at least be able to survive A&P ..... its been a good day :) 
:: I don't know when I've ever had that much fun or been more proud of my amazing cousin Cassie !!! 
errands are on the agenda for today , I guess food at some point and then work .... not bad . 
work was actually fun , found out that during inventory next week I have to be there from 1pm-5pm and then 10pm-5am on the same day ... lol ... GATORS that's what I'm talking about !!! 
:: why have I fallen asleep at some point for some length of time during the past 4-5 movies I've watched in the past 5 days ..... this is ridiculous , and frustrating . 
home from work and chillin at the house before dinner with the family :-) 
why the heck am I awake at 430am ....? Oh yah I remember now .... grr . 
everybody left me ...... so I'm waiting for my next class alone . lol 
sometimes I just don't get it or understand ....... 
nevermind .... I guess I should just stop relying on other people because I'm just going to continue to get hurt . 
headed to Gabe's football game !!! 
work was good and crazy as it may seem I'm actually looking forward to tomorrow .... go figure . lol 
" shrugs " ..... oh well . 
:: One week till school starts ..... Eek ! lol 
Wow ..... its a small world . lol 
home from work .... 
sometimes its the little things in life that makes a person smile , like crazy notebooks and weird pens , but that's me :) off to work till 10 . 
off to work 1130-4 , can't believe I actually don't have to work on a friday nite !!! 
:: Its been a good day :) Now I just need some plans for the next 3 days ....... 
down at the beach !!! 
leaving school and no work today !! 
is it really worth it ? I mean I think it is but I'm not completely sure ....... 
going to bed , I'm so excited that I actually get to sleep in tomorrow !! Fur yeah !! 
off to school , here goes nothin .... lol 
trying to stay awake while I wait for my next class at 235 ... lol 
:: I don't want school to start Tuesday !! Yikes !! 
just got home from a great birthday with friends and family !!! 
off to see hurt locker with family and friends !! 
We must never forget what happened 8 years ago .... thank you to all the men and women that are fighting for our country and our freedom every day and the sacrifices they make to prevent another 9/11 . And when I think I've had a bad day I must remember that someone else is dealing with something worse . 
tonight was fun !! 
now I think I'm ready to start my crazy long week ...... 
Sitting all by myself in the SU :( 
just chillin at the house ..... 
had a fun day following by a fun nite :-) 
:: Unpacking after living out of my suitcase for 10 days . It's good to be home :) 
is no longer sitting by myself :-) 
home from work :-) 
headed to work again after being almost eaten by a skink . lol 
going to hang out with ppls !!! 
:: So far so good , I like my first class . Anatomy next ...... 
got an hour and a half nap and dinner , now trying to see if I can sleep for another hour and a half .... hmm 
:: Pictures from Dragon Con are up , go see , more to come ..... 
waiting for my second class from 235-4 ..... no work today !!! 
I'm so excited , I can't wait to bring " Mr. Bones " to tallahassee !!! ( he's a skeleton . lol ) off to work 1-4 . 
:: As of today I have been in Tally for 9 months !!! Thank you to all the friends and family that have helped me along the way , you know who you are ... 
headed to work 930-4 . Can't wait to come home and unpack and put my room back together . 
headed to work 2-10 , anybody want to hang out when I get off ? 
Can't believe I almost got talked into working tonight , thankfully someone smarter then me was there to convince me not to ... lol 
:: I officially hate back to school shopping !!! lol 
finally home from work and going to sleep for a couple hours before school ..... I'm so tired . 
walked outside this morning and it was cold ! Since when is it cold , I was only gone for 2 and a half days ?! lol Yes I even turned the heat on a little in my car . lol 
finally back home after a long day on 2hrs of sleep . lol To my J-ville friends I'll be home for the weekend and would love to hang out , so let me know :) 
killing time before going to Rita's , if you're in tally you should go and support the FSU equestrian team from 6-7 . 
:: Had a great end to good day :-) 
I need some more motivation to finish the rest of my homework so I can get some sleep . argg 
headed out to the house . 
:: I am now officially 19 !!! 
:: had so much fun tonight !!! 
I have a very crazy last day in Jax before heading home ...... 
running errands and very quickly ..... 
hangin in J-ville getting ready for some lunch .... 
this day started alot earlier then it was supposed to and it was already going to be a long day ....... at school already and I'll be here till 5 , oh well ....... 
:: Working on anatomy ...... I can do this , right ? 
headed home to study ..... 
packing for heading on the road to j-ville ..... 
I now have a little free time before work cause I thought I had to drive out to the school to pay for classes but I don't :) 
my head is spinning and I'm starting to feel like I'm falling .... literally not metaphorically . what the heck ! 
:: I don't know when I've ever had that much fun or been more proud of my amazing cousin Cassie !!! I think its time to get some sleep now considering its 5am ......... 
On the road to J-ville ..... call or txt me and keep me company :) 
studying while waiting for my next class .... even though I wish ppl were here its prolly a good thing so I won't be distracted .... that's life . 
:: Off to work 2-10 ..... it's going to be a long day . 
headed to work 530-10 . 
its been a long and very interesting day at work and it should be a long and interesting night . lol 
I finally have internet !!! 
headed to work till 445 , and my sister and nephew will be here when I get home !!! 
trying to meet up with ppl for a project and its rather difficult when only communicating through email .... lol 
going to read some homework then head to bed , alarm is going to go off rather early tomorrow . lol 
headed home after an awesome weekend !!!! Txt or call me pls cause I'll be driving till 1230-1am . 
:: Work was actually fun tonight , that's what happens when I get to be the supervisor :-) hehe 
off to work 530-10 . I'm up for anything when I get off so let me know . 
been studying now off to work till 10 then more studying .... 
headed to work from 10pm-5am ..... got to love inventory . If you're awake at that time shoot me a txt and I'll get it at some point . lol 
and here we go with another week ..... am I ready ? Guess I don't really have a choice cause it'll start without me if I'm ready or not . 
Having a blast in Pensacola !! 
I'm thinking its time to go to sleep cause I have to be up at 7 ...... I have my dog sleeping on my feet , so happy . 
tonight was fun ! Now going to sleep and then tomorrow I'll head over to J-ville ! 
Oh I'm so glad to be back home in Tally !!! 
headed to Lauren's wedding !!! 
sometimes it seems like I'm watching myself live my life from a distance or that maybe its all a dream ...... lived in tally 10 months today ! 
I'm done with my practical !!!! And there went a load of bricks ... lol 
:: Just finished working out and now I'm trying to study . Can't wait till the weekend ! Get to hopefully see Cassie play and walk around in 3-5 inch platform boots ! 
:: Can't for football season to officially start , Go Gators !! Can't wait till Sat night ! And I guess I should go study now ... :( 
:: Going into work early cause my boss asked and I said yes cause I'm nice that way . lol getting off at 10 . 
glad to be home and not having to work tonight .... oh and for the record I'm not a vampire and I can prove it too ! lolz 
I'd say its been a good day ; hung out with my sister and nephew , got lots of studying done and went to a friends wedding :) 
had a great day and off to work 530-10 . 
first practical done ....... 
unfortunately its going to be a late night and early morning ..... 
home from a ridiculous night at work ..... people can be extremely rude for no reason unfortunately . Loving the weather if only it will stay just like this . 
headed to school .... 
chillin like a villain and studying ...... great combination . 
will be studying for awhile ...... and to my friends that lost a friend today I'm sry for your loss :( 
hmmm ..... decisions , decisions ..... lol 
:: Walking around in 3-5 in platform boots is awesome !!! This is going to be fun .... hehe 
doing lots of laundry ...... not fun . lol 
headed to work 530-10 , then tomorrow I'll finally get a night off ! 
finally home from work , it was a crazy night ! 
my heart goes out to those who lost a friend this week ...... 
finally home from work , getting off at 7 turned into getting off at 9 . I got food so I think I'll live now . 
today was absolutely ridiculous ..... my 7 hr work day turned into a 9 and a half hour day at work ..... hungry and wanting to just chill . 
I could go to sleep right now ...... I'm very tired , just got to get through tomorrow . 
Reba now has a new battery and I'm uploading picures !! 
I mean really ?!...... Like what the heck ?!?! 
headed to school for the day .... the weather is so strange is says its supposed to be sunny all day but yet you can feel the water in the air . 
attempting to entertain myself my playing guitar .... lol 
headed to lunch with family of choice :) 
going to sleep got to get up way too early . Tonight was lots of fun , I love being spontaneous ! 
going to bed , tomorrow is another day . 
hmm .... what to say .... since when am i at a loss for words ? lol 
going to go eat lunch with the family :) 
doing lots of laundry .... not fun . lol But Aunt Karen and Uncle Fred are home so its all good :) 
headed to school for the day ..... 
and with sore fingers I go out searching for ppl ....... mwuahaha 
off to school once again ...... 
I hate when several sad things almost make the one good thing seem nonexistent ..... 
done with school for the day and no work tonight !!! 
off to work 230-10 , GO GATORS !!!! 
headed to go get food in Atlanta .... I'm so hungry . lol 
:: in need of a new phone but can't decide which one I want .... any ideas ? No work till Monday !!! 
I got something really awesome today and can't wait to ride in the car some more and play with it :-) 
going to Gabe's football game :) 
headed to school .... I'm rather excited about getting to ride in the car for 20 minutes !! lol 
off to work till 10 . 
finally home from work , and sick manager means I do everything . So happy to be eating a grill cheese with apple sauce in it . lol 
and then sometimes ...... you just never know ....... 
I'm going to watch a movie . 
going to sleep , must go into the upcoming week with a good amount of sleep in my favor ..... lol 
headed to school for the day . 
who shall win ...... me or the dog ? 
just chillin in the SU trying to make a decision regarding food ...... lol 
hmm ..... what to do with my sunday ? 
I try my hardest but yet it still isn't enough . I know I can't please everyone but yet it still doesn't seem okay ....... heavy sigh .... 
had a lot of fun tonight ! 
had fun watching people suffer through intense pain today .... lolz 
dangit ..... I'm back to wanting a new head again ! 
had an allergic reaction tonight and then couldn't stay awake during the movie for the life of me ...... grr . lol now sleep but its so cold !! 
home from a very interesting day at work ..... 
so first I become FES and then tonight MOD ?! what's next ? :-) 
off to work 6-10 . 
Hangin at the house ..... 
going bowling ..... 
I am starting to wonder what I will be impersonating next ..... And apparently I'm out of control . lol 
off to school I go .... I hope it chooses not to rain . 
I want to sleep but intead I'm at school ..... I'm thinking its going to be a long day . coffee ...... 
just saw 9 ..... very interesting ..... now sleep . 
chillin at the house ..... 
going shopping then work 2-10 . 
going shopping , then off to the movies ! 
glad to be home from a rather bad nite at work . 
at school for the day ..... 
sitting outside at school studying wishing I had a blanket so I could lay in the grass ..... Such a gorgeous day ! 
didn't get out of work till much later but that goes with being a supervisor I guess , oh well . lol 
is it really worth it ? I mean I think it is but I'm not completely sure ...... off to bed headed home to tally tomorrow . 
headed to work 1-5 . 
in the LC workin on stuff ...... 
doing laundry and packing , being productive ...... 
been a very fun day but I'm just worn out ..... 
trying to plan and figure out my week ..... 
headed to work 530-10 ...... 
:: Back home after an AWESOME weekend !!! Now what ?! 
what next .....? 
errands and food done , now just running to the mall with Cassie then work . 
glad I got a chance to run this morning before the rain came . People can only ruin your day if you let them ; you have to make a conscience decision to let it go ......... 
oral presentation done !!! now i'm really tired ..... 
so tonight I found out that my grandma liked my hair better when it was black .... lol what the heck ?! 
headed to lunch with family of choice .... 
wishing I could go running cause its such a pretty day but instead I'm headed to work , so someone go running for me . lol 
good day at work , had to stay later but that's ok . Now to work on some homework ...... 
is in J-ville .... GO GATORS !!!! 
had a great day , lots of laughter with friends and family and no work !!! :-) 
chillin in the SU anybody else here ? 
i really need to sleep but i'm so awake right now .... lol 
anybody want to hang or do something tonight ? 
:: I have a feeling that between A&P and A&P lab I'm going to get my butt kicked ...... 
headed to go take my practical ..... 
it feels so late but it really isn't ....... Cassie and I are going to play with my new printer . lol 
went running again this morning , now off to school . 
home from school and finds the rain very enjoyable at least now that I'm not in it ..... ever wonder how some ppl can walk around in the rain with no umbrella and still smile as if they enjoy it ? 
work was actually fun , found out that during inventory next week I have to be there from 1pm-5pm and then 10pm-5am on the same day ... lol 
trying to come up with a topic for my next english paper , its a social problem analysis paper .... 
Its been a rather ridiculous day to say the very least ..... I'm tired and want sleep but must stay up and study instead . 
its nice to be chillin not stressin ...... 
time to study ...... 
headed to school .... i'm so tired ....... 
headed to work 530-10 ..... hmm I wonder what kind of stuff I can get into when I get off ? lol 
back at the house and so grateful for wonderful friends ... 
for the past hour and a half I could have been considered one of those crazy tallahassee drivers .... lol I think I need to work on learning Tallahassee a little better . haha 
I hate when I can't think of anything interesting to write as my status ....... epic fail . lol 
off to work 11-5 , but at least I don't have to close :) 
is studying and studying some more ....... then off to a wedding later . 
headed to work 6-1030 .... I'm not thinking I like being open later . lol 
I'm done with my practical !!! 
now I have the enjoyable task of trying to convince myself that's its time to go to sleep cause I'm going to need the sleep to be up from 10pm-5am .... any ideas ? 
I'm actually turning off the light and going to sleep as opposed to just crashing . lol Going running in the morning .... me thinks its going to be very cold . 
chillin at the house .... 
didn't really " go " to sleep last night , yes I slept but wasn't very restful ..... not a good way to start the week . 
please don't put me on a pedestal , other wise you will just be end up being disappointed ..... 
headed to school ..... 
headed to school , got my practical this morning ...... 
headed to work 530-10 , it should be rather quiet because of the rain or at least i hope so .... 
making green bean casserole !! 
I should be tired but I'm not , just glad that i'm done with work till friday . 
a little bit more studying for my practical in the morning then sleep ..... 
its been a very good day !! 
had a great Sunday with family and friends :) Was able to stay awake and watch the movie over from last nite and even won a game of bowling . lol 
had a very fun evening talking and laughing and just plain chillin at the house :-) 
had a great day today all around !! 
got the hunger taken care of just extremely cold and tired . 
working on a paper before work .... yuck . lol 
work 11-415 ..... I don't think I like this whole working on Sunday thing . 
going to bed , tomorrow is going to be a very long day . As odd as it may be I enjoyed what I did today , yeah most people might think I'm crazy but it truly made me happy ....... 
:: I need a new car battery .... 
headed to work 930-530 , long day but at least I get the night off . 
missing my sisters ..... and that includes the ones that aren't related to me . 
I'm rather confused ...... 
off to work 530-1030 ... 
so ..... yeah . 
killing time at school while studying ...... 
I got places to go and people to meet ...... 
everybody is gone and work isn't till 4 ...... so now I must find something constructive to do . lol 
going shopping at Walmart with Cassie :) 
off to school .... thankfully I was able to run this morning despite not listening to my alarm . lol 
I'm hungry , freezing , and tired ........ yeah not fun lol 
I'm done at work for the day and lookin to hang out or do something tonight so txt me . 
home from work and getting some things done ..... 
good job carly ........ not . 
I don't really want to go to class today .... but kinda have to so oh well .... 
home chillin before work at 7 , 
going to sleep , i'm really tired . nite everybody :) 
So excited that I don't have work or school tomorrow !!! 
finally back to the condo in Destin and I'm past ready to go to sleep its really only 115 but it feels like 215 cause of different time zone ...... 
headed to work 5-10 . 
hmmm ..... what should I do ..... 
me thinks it's going to be a long day ..... 
headed to work 2-1030 ...... 
hangin out at school till my next class , what a beautiful day ! 
Hangin with my aunt !!! 
going for a run and this time I'm pushing a stroller so that's an even better workout !!! 
off to lunch with a friend :) 
sleep ..... sleep that is what i want and need right now . 
well that certainly wasn't the way I expected the night to end but .... one day at a time is all I can say . 
finally home from work , why does everyone want to shop on a Saturday ....? lol 
off to work 2-10 , if you're at the tally mall you should come say hi :) 
off to school ..... I think its going to be a great day :) 
off to my last class ..... 
very happy to be home from a long day at work . 
I need sleep ..... especially because tomorrow is going to be a long day . 
so I have a list of to dos and errands to run , sometimes I wish I could kidnap someone to go with me .... lol 
going to sleep ..... i have to be at school at 8am tomorrow . yuck 
headed out ..... 
off to work till 4 and as for the rest of my day ..... who knows . lol 
off to work 11-6 . 
I hate waking up late especially when I didn't even go to bed that late ...... 
and now I wait till my next class at 235 ..... 
had a very enjoyable day off .... I'm sleepy . 
hangin out from 6-8 waiting for my cousins , so txt me . 
= fail .... completely and totally fail . 
currently searching for a new head .... anybody got an extra ? work 6-10 . 
headed to work 930-530 . 
off to work 930-4 ..... its rather cold outside . lol 
except for getting out of work really late today was a very good and fun day :) 
ahh dang ..... well bummer . 
off to work 7-1030 .... this is rather strange . lol 
at school thinking Tim Kenyon has no clue what he's talk about ....... 
got to sleep in this morning !! I actually can't remember the last time I got to sleep in ...... 
work was just plain crazy ...... now for some dinner . 
going to go get the oil changed in my car cause I'm too claustrophobic to do it myself ..... lol 
back home again and now off to sleep ..... 
Reba got an oil change and all her fluids and tires checked , now she's ready for a road trip ..... now I just have to get ready . lol Work 2-1030 
its late .... I should prolly go to bed now . 
headed to work 530-10 and then no clue what I'm doing afterwards . 
work 12-7 . 
headed to work 6-10 :( oh well . lol 
going shopping with Bonnie and Keaton in Wellington !!! 
What I needed today was family and a hug and that's what I got ..... thanks 
okay so I've definitely got some things to work on ..... 
waiting till my last class , the german food was pretty good . 
Had fun grocery shopping ( crazy I know but whatever ) and I got my voicemail fixed on my phone !! lol 
now I think I'm going from confused to frustrated ..... 
had a great early Thanksgiving today and time with family and friends !! 
got out of work early and it was a good nite ..... my boss said I look like Cameron Diaz .... hmm lol 
I'm home !!! And I'm officially a Tallahassee Lassie now !! Today is my 1 yr tally b-day .... lol 
home and then off again :-) 
had a very fun night :) 
home from work ..... I very much dislike our new hours . 
so glad I don't have to work today :) 
on the road to J-ville give me a call and keep me awake .... and guess what !? I've lived in Tally a year today !!! 
headed to work 5-1030 . 
work was long , now chillin at the house by myself ..... :( 
study study and more studying ...... 
work 11-730 ...... 
had a great lunch with my family of choice , now to go study ..... 
anybody want to chat while I pack ? 
And its days like today that I'm glad I drive an suv .... off to work 1-6 . 
getting some cleaning and much needed laundry done . 
going to hang with ppl now that I can relax cause the practical is done :) 
all done for the semester , YEAH !!! No school or work today ... anybody want to hang out or go shopping ? 
home from work and wondering what's up , hmm ..... 
only one more final left on Thursday . 
I've had an awesome weekend in Wellington , not sure I'm ready to go back tomorrow even though tomorrow is a very important day for me ..... 
Its funny how just deciding that no matter what happens its going to be a good day . And it was :) No matter what .... GO GATORS !!!! 
9hr day at work , so glad i'm gone ...... as for tonight ..... I wish i knew . 
school ..... 
off to work 315-1130 ..... dang it just keeps getting later and later . lol 
And who said professors don't make exceptions ? So relieved !!! 
home and trying to figure out what to do for dinner by myself ..... 
off to work 2-11 .... GO GATORS !!!! 
trying to decide what to do with my day before work at 7 ...... 
okay I think its time for bed now that I just finished looking through all my pictures on fb .... its fun to look back and remember old times . lol 
I'm off to run errands and go grocery shopping :) 
going to watch a movie with Uncle Daddy , Gabe and Stone .... lets see if I can stay awake . lol 
change of plans still at the house .... lol 
very glad to be home once again :) Now working on getting the room back in order . lol 
on the road headed to Wellington !!!! Yeah I'd say today didn't turn out like I planned at all . lol Call me cause I've got a 6hr drive :) 
about to go get one final out of the way .... eek ! lol 
had dinner with the boys now off to work till 1130 . 
off to work 11-7 .... oh the rain . 
Starting to feel a little better .... man that hit me like a ton of bricks ! I hate being sick . 
running , working out , doing laundry , balancing checkbook and we'll see what else .... 
just a little frustrated at the moment ...... 
Had a great thanksgiving with family of choice :) Now to pack and get ready to go Black Friday shopping tomorrow . 
just got to chat with Cassie :-) 
just chillin at home ...... 
off to work 7-1130 .... if you happen to find yourself at the tally mall come say hi . 
home from work and its rather cold . lol Anybody want to help me make 5 dozen cookies ? 
excited about what I'm about to do .... mwuahaha !! 
last night was fun , now off to run some errands before work . 
just got back from running ... it sure felt good . 
going shopping with Auntie Karen and Cassie !!! 
had an awesome time at the concert tonight , pictures to come ..... 
home from work ..... anybody wanna chat ? lol 
after getting about 5 different phone calls and reheating my food 4 times finally got to eat and now trying to finish this paper that I dread so much . 
once again off to work 2-1030 ..... and as for tonight I guess time will tell . lol 
I hate packing ..... lol 
home from work and chillin .... anybody want to hang out tomorrow ? 
normally I love the rain but today I don't like it ..... not at all . 
headed back to Tally give me a ring and yah I have new music to listen to !!! 
running a couple errands . 
had a very fun and interesting evening on many different levels ..... 
oh soo glad to be home from work ..... and its days like today where you see how its going to be and you just throw your hands up and smile cause you can't do anything about it but keep going . 
gotta go run by the school real quick then off to work 5-1130 . 
off to work early and then I get to leave early ..... I'm hopin for around 10 , but we'll see . 
hangin with my sisters !! 
headed to work 5 to 1130 I think ...... and up for something afterwards , text me . 
So someone just rang the door bell and by the time I got there no one was there ..... Happy Thanksgiving ! 
as for today ..... yeah no better ..... off to work 230-11 . 
headed to work 12-6 ..... yeah I don't close . lol 
:: when life gets really hard friends , family and even the beach can do wonders for your heart . Thanks guys . 
finally made it to Wellington !!! And guess what ?! I have baby duty in the morning , can't wait !!! now hopefully I can sleep despite the coffee and redbull ..... lol 
just got back from going running .... oh the weather is so nice , its not snow but I can live with that since I'm at the beach . 
headed to Murray Hill for a FF5 concert with Laurie and Rachel !!!! 
going shopping with Aunt Karen !!!! 
working on a group presentation in the library ..... 
:: I can't believe I almost just fell through the a glass pane door !! And then about died laughing .... awesome story ;) 
work once again 6-1015 . 
And I'm home once again in Tally :) Anybody want to hangout when I get off work ... text me . 
has made it St. Augustine .... thanks to the redbull I was able to stay awake the whole drive , go me . lol 
headed to work 4-1230 .... its going to be a long nite . 
Merry Christmas Everybody !!! I can't wait to open packages .... only another hour and a half or so , hopefully . 
just got home from work , oh my goodness it was a crazy night !!! now to try and study . 
off to the movies then to the pub !!! fur yeah !!! 
playin guitar and workin out ...... 
going to finish up the last of my errands and christmas shopping then home to pack . 
And I wonder why does the day have to end like this :( ..... but at least I know she's in a better place . 
off to work 6-1130 . 
going to sleep ..... why am I so tired ? Oh yeah I know .... dang ! 
Going to sleep , hopefully I'll wake up feeling much better then I did this morning ..... 
very happy to be home .... kinda stinks being the bad guy sometimes but that's life . lol 
had a good afternoon even though I was unsuccessful looking for shoes ..... now off to work 4-1030 or maybe 11 . lol 
one more final to on thursday then the semester is done !!! 
gone from being rather bored to maybe a little lonely .... but I'll be okay . 
hangin with Jenny .... and had a wonderful time hangin with lots of other friends earlier ! :) 
watching the Ultimate Gift with the family and hoping my aunt and uncle can make it safely here tomorrow . 
got off work early and don't work again till sat night . Completely free all day !! 
getting on the road headed to St. Augustine call me and keep me company especially cause I didn't want to leave this late but oh well ..... 
back home after work and then doing a cookie exchange .... no work till 7pm tom ! 
going to go run some errands .... txt me if you wanna hang out . 
thanks everybody for all the birthday wishes !!! I'm having a wonderful birthday !!! 
had so much fun riding today !! hmm ..... now for tomorrow ....... 
finally home from a crazy day at work ...... now to figure out some plans for tonight . me thinks you should text me . lol 
Has anybody had any experience with a Blackberry that also has AT&T ? If so , what do you think ? 
hangin out ..... 
trying to decide if I want to go to sleep yet .... hmm .... 
misses ppl ...... 
no work tomorrow ... Yah !!! 
now off to work 5-1130 :( 
time to get some much needed sleep ..... 
can't believe how cold it is outside , brrr !!!! 
I mean come on alarm clock really !? what did I do to deserve this ? lol 
running errands and going grocery shopping ! 
so work was actually fun tonight :) Now for tomorrow ... hmm .... 
had a great day and got alot accomplished and I even got to talk to Cassie !!! 
I discovered something new to keep me awake while I'm driving after almost falling asleep constantly for 3 hrs ...... icecubes . lol 
trying to figure out some dinner , hmm ...... 
so yeah ..... i'm still in tally ..... haha 
off to work 8-4 , hmm ...... what to do tonight ....... 
just got off work ..... 
glad to be back in tally , now I just have to find some ppl to hang out with for the next 2 days ...... lol 
Well there's a reason for everything I guess .... now to go study ..... 
just got home from school ... I'm rather excited about my medical terminology class . lol Still no Cassie yet ..... 
survived another crazy night at work . Just found out on top of starting school I ' m working over 30 hrs next week . 
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night !!!! 
off to school and I'll be there till 4 .... Cassie comes home today !!!! 
off to school .... so glad I only have one class :) 
Cassie's home ... oh I'm so happy !!!!! 
work 10-5 , then I'm off till Friday night !! 
if something is worth having then its never easy to get ...... 
once more class for the day ...... oh its such a pretty day outside ! 
is home once again ...... so happy its supposed to be a little warmer tomorrow . 
in Jax and going shopping with Laurie and the kids !!!! 
oh my goodness !! I can't believe I'm even considering this !! 
headed out to the house then I'm leaving at 645am tomorrow , so if you're awake txt or call me ! 
enjoyed the well this morning , now off to lunch with family and friends :-) 
I'm so happy right now :) 
I'm free !!!! 
:: I've been told to find my inner self because I couldn't find anyone to hang out tonight . How exactly do I go about that .......? 
:: cleaning our room ... ugh 
Realized tonight that my patience is pretty much gone thanks to pre-christmas shoppers ...... only one more night . YAH !!!! 
this getting off work at 1215am is crazy .... and when did it get so cold ? lol 
at school and yes its still very cold .... brrrr 
made it safely to Jax even though there wasn't any crazy ppl awake to talk to ..... the sunrise sure was pretty . lol 
can't wait for Thursday and Friday .... no work !! 
off to work 530-10 . 
leaving live oak headed back to tally once again ...... txt or call me so i won't fall asleep from boredom . lol 
on the road to J-ville so if you're awake before 9 and wanna chat give me a ring . 
headed to work till 10 ...... 
I hate it when movies have a sad ending ...... Happy New Years Everybody !! 
I am done with work and looking for something to do tonight ..... because I'm rather bored at the moment . 
sometimes school just gets in the way .... but its all worth it in the end , just have to remember that . 
got in a car accident today .... I'm okay and so is Reba . Very thankful for friends and family that helped me get through it . 
work 6-1215 , last night of pre-Christmas shoppers .... YAH !!!! Then I'm free till sat night ! 
trying to figure out my day tomorrow , hmmm ....... 
off to school ..... can't wait to see my Grandma and Aunt Jean later ! 
had another fun night out ..... now to get some sleep . 
the one class I come to school for today is cancelled .... so I decided to study in the library instead . 
its about to be 2010 !!! Happy New Year !! 
off to work 230-10 ...... its going to be super cold when I get off . lol 
the long weekend is almost over :( now sleep ...... 
so yeah .... I think I'm ready for school to start back so ppl will be back in town cause I'm kinda bored . lol 
waiting to get picked up from school ..... 
despite the no sleep last night and a test , today has been fun day :) Just chillin now ..... 
off to work 2-10 ..... its going to be a good day :) 
unpacking all my bags from being gone a week and doing lots of laundry . 
off to work 12-6 . 
is home again and its late but yet I'm still very awake .... must have drank too much coffee . 
headed to work 11-730 .... anybody want to hang out tonight ? 
so apparently I've been compared to a dumb Labrador ...... lol 
hmmm ..... to drive or not to drive ? 
so I told myself today would be a better day then yesterday and it was :) 
off to work 530-10 .... we shall see ..... 
finally home and going to sleep for a couple hours before school ..... I'm so tired . 
attacking the closet with Aunt Karen and Cassie ..... 
when I can see my breath inside my car I think its a little too cold ..... now to celebrate Christmas !!! 
so I know most ppl make new years resolutions before the Jan 1 but oh well .... that's what I'm working on today just because . Off to work 2-10 . 
had an awesome time last night !!! Now off to work 2-10 . 
off to school I go .... 
why does picking a new cellphone have to be this difficult .... grrr ... lol 
I'm thinking I should stay away from gas stations late at night at least if I'm alone ..... 
good game tonight Miami !! 
going to go see the circus !! 
headed to work 4-10 ..... its so much better closing at a decent time instead of holiday hours . lol 
going out to Rayn with Cassie and Cathy !! 
at the house doing homework and chillin with Cassie :) 
off to go run and clear my mind and de-stress .... 
off to work 530-10 ..... Izi is soo cute !! 
going to go hang out with ppls !!! 
had a great run and was excited to find our puppy at the house when I got back !! 
very glad to be home from work .... and now I've got lots to think about ..... 
I hate it when I can't think of anything interesting to say as my status ...... 
at school , dang its cold !! lol 
rather frustrated at the moment .... stupid people :( 
off to work 530-10 .... its getting cold outside . 
doing some writing ..... oh and I like what it says for the third definition of Carly . lol 
the real question is can I convince myself to get out of bed early enough to run before school .... I sure hope so . lol 
had a picnic by the pond this afternoon with just myself ... lol 
no longer has as plans tonight ..... anybody want to hang out ? 
sleep time ..... 
at school for the day going on 2 hours of sleep .... should be a fun day . lol 
just got back from running ..... 
not really sure where to go from here ..... 
just burned my hand really badly .... ouch !! Now headed to work 530-10 . 
the weather is getting better for now ... thank goodness for umbrellas and my suv . lol 
had a great day and had fun playing tennis tonight ! 
off to work 545-10 .... I'm ready for warm weather again . lol 
headed out to Stetsons !! lol 
time for sleep .... must go running in the morning b4 school . 
its been a very long day ..... time for sleep . 
I already hate bugs but today I really really hate roaches !! 
headed to A&P till 4 then work tonight ..... 
had a great run this morning ..... the weather needs to stay like this , its awesome !! 
off to work 930-530 , then phone shopping later . 
no work 2nite !!! 
headed to work 6-10 . 
off to bed ..... 
headed to work 230-10 , 19hrs in 3 days ... but I can't complain , I'm very thankful to have a job . 
headed to school , paper done and was able to run this morning :) 
wishing I could fast forward through this week to next weekend ..... wishful thinking . 
well hmmm ...... idk . 
its been a long day , time for some much needed sleep now ..... 
I promise I haven't had any caffeine tonight but I certainly can't tell ..... haha 
" Don't let anyone say you can't do something . If you want it , go get it . Period . " 
okay I think I've been freaked out enough for one week . lol yah I have internet now . 
Its a 4 day weekend coming up and no work till Monday !!! 
running on 3.5 hrs of sleep and now I'm off to work 530-10 . 
going to class .... I'm thinking this is a stupid idea but going anyways . 
today ended up being a very good day :) Roaming around tally with a friend and surprising people .... always lots of fun . oh and registered for classes . 
i'm off to go running !! 
well here goes nothing ....... heavy sigh ..... 
had a great day :) now to get some sleep ...... 
so glad that to get an extra hour of sleep , if only I could go to sleep now ...... 
well so much for going to bed early , but oh well it was worth it ..... sleep 
home from work and now to find some dinner ...... 
got up early this morning and went running with Stone :) Now off to school . 
anybody want to go get a free chick-fil-a sandwich with me ?! 
I'm so excited !!! off to work 4-10 . 
off to work 230-10 ...... 
" If you judge people you have no time to love . " Happy Valentines Day everyone !! 
wrist ..... I hate you or maybe you hate me ! 
Just a piece of advice guys , if you're interested in a girl don't interrogate her thats not cool ..... Anybody agree with me ? lol 
has a very busy day tomorrow ... oh I wish it would get warm again . 
good day except for the scare at the eye doctor ..... not cool , at all .. 
patiently waiting for someone and getting hungry ..... but not waiting for the " person " because I'm hungry . I'm not a vampire ! lol 
rather frustrated at the moment ..... 
anybody want to go run errands with me today ?? 
I'm off to go running .... oh I love this weather :) 
off to work 4-1030 ..... it should be a fun nite . lol 
And so today I wish I had some rain boots ..... 
and the day is getting worse not better ..... 
off to work 230-10 ..... my two thoughts at the moment are , can a person eat too much chicken ? And its time to go shopping for blue shirts . lol 
why do ppl like to shop so much on Veterans day ... lol must stay up for awhile longer working on homework . 
my question remains ..... can a person eat too much chicken ? 
packing and cleaning ..... I'm so excited for the weekend to start , 430 tomorrow !!! 
been a long day .... time to crash . 
had a long 8 hr day at work but glad to be home now . 
home from work and about to throw my head across the room .... 
off to Thanksgiving lunch with family of choice !! 
trying to pick out a song that is one of my favorites that has special meaning to me ...... 
off to work for a couple hrs .... 230-530 . 
spring break is almost here .... I can feel it !!! 
" A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down . " 
off to work 230-10 .... 
long day and I'm tired ..... 
my head is about ready to explode ...... 
the day is starting to get better , hopefully it will continue in that direction ..... 
one more final left on thursday then the semester is done !!! 
oh what to do ......? 
so glad I don't have school tomorrow !! 
I'm off .... I'm off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of oz . lol 
yah for new contacts and an awesome night with friends !! 
oh really now ....? 
much to awake for this time of nite .... lol 
problem solved :) 
work tonight was just bad ..... I think I'd like to just forget about the whole thing :( 
time to get some sleep and looking forward to tomorrow .... 
I'll have to say I had a pretty awesome day all around !! Got to see and hang out with friends and oh I've been working at Ross 1 yr today ! 
now my spring break can really start !!! 
And I'm still trying to decide what kind of phone I want to get .... considering one of the new blackberrys but I can't decide . But off to bed cause I'm not going to decide tonight that's for sure . 
who knows what the future holds ..... 
rather bored at the moment .... someone should come hang out in the union with me . lol 
where is everybody ?? lol 
enjoyed Alice in Wonderland tonight .... now for some sleep . 
off to work 530-10 .... 
unpacking and getting ready to start another the week .... glad to be home . 
off to work 530-10 .... then 3 days off ! 
had a great time last night and loved not having to wake up to an alarm this morning :) 
off to work 230-10 ..... 
home from work and just chillin ...... 
just got back from a great run ...... Oh I wish I could spend the whole day outside . 
going to sleep cause my alarm is going off at 630am tomorrow ...... 
someone tell me why am I looking at cars .......? lol 
had an awesome day with my family of choice .... so glad they're back ! 
not looking forward to being out at school in the cold tomorrow ..... no I don't handle the cold very well , what can I say ? lol 
what started out as a good day turned to a very bad day ... worst of the year . Just got back from running which helped me relax and clear my mind . 
sleep .... sleep I want it I need it ..... 
Had a great Saturday , now to see what Sunday holds ..... 
sorting out school stuff and papers b4 work .... 
off to work 2-10 ..... 
I'm thinking I might go run a couple errands ..... 
has had a fun Saturday so far ..... off to work 530-10 . 
" Mr. Philonious .... you've gotten phat and FAT ! Look at Smokey there's no comparison . " 
I wasn't ready for this yet :( 
sleep .... I need sleep , I'm completely drained after the tough day I had :/ 
I'll have to say today was a pretty good day :) 
making breakfast with Stacy Mowry this morning = Awesome !! 
Had a great day off today .... but not really looking forward to tomorrow . 
Oh how I hate migraines .... grr 
We're in virginia ! 
Been a long day and tomorrow is going to be even longer .... I must keep going . 
Red is an awesome movie !! 
Dear headache , 
Please go away and never return , thank you . 
Love , 
miserable girl 
laundry , vacuuming , cleaning and going for a run on my day off ... then its time to go have fun !! 
So the long night is on ... working 8pm-8am . Gotta love overnight shifts . 
Almost there .... must stay awake ... yawn 
going for a run .... if my leg/ankle decides to cooperate that is . 
Happy St. Patrick's Day everybody !! Today is my favorite holiday and this year its for my Grandma ... I love you and miss you Grandma ! 
waiting for the day when it will get easier and not hurt so much . 
Just because I don't understand doesn't mean its bad ... I'm not in control nor can I see the bigger picture :/ 
very glad the day is ending better then it started .... sleep time . 
And sometimes I wish I could fast forward time .... lol 
So there's a first time for everything or at least there was in regards to my dinner tonight . 
Dear weather , 
I really don't appreciate all the low pressure to make my joints ache on top of my already bad migraine . So if you could please go find someone else to make miserable I'd appreciate it . 
Thanks , 
Carly 
The countdown is on till the weekend begins !! 
just thinking back over the awesome weekend I had with James Crum and wow .... I sure can have my blonde moments lol 
" No one can make you feel inferior without your consent . " - Eleanor Roosevelt 
Headed to Pensacola ..... I-10 is so boring . 
Back on eastern time now .... must be getting close to tally . 
At strozier studying .... oh what fun lol 
Just got back from running now to hurry and get ready for work . 
Headed to Wally world ... anybody want to join me ? 
Fyi .... I'm not perfect and I'm not superman nor do I claim to be ... heavy sigh . 
I'm not superwoman no matter how hard I try . 
hmmm ..... what to do with the rest of my day ?? 
had a fun movie night with my awesome cousin Cassie Luger ! vampires ... who would've know lol 
I got a fish !!! 
tonight was fun after work ..... now sleep time . 
there's a dead cockroach calling my name but I'm not sure I can get it .... eeekk 
Anybody want to come get it for me ?? :P 
that was the best surprise someone could have ever given me !! 
Anybody want to watch the Gator/LSU game w me ?? :D 
one more .... can I survive ? I shall now go study my life away at least for the next 3 hrs . 
just had an awesome afternoon hangin out with Angie Lytle-Myers !!! 
off to work 230-10 .... wish I could be outside enjoying the beautiful weather . lol 
what started out as a crazy morning turned into a great rest of the day :) 
30 more minutes and I get to go to sleep .... yawn 
" the word cucumber should start with the letter Q . " love it ! 
It shouldn't be legal to have this much fun in a day with only caffeine in my system ...... haha . Oh and I now know I enjoy playing on roofs . lol 
off to work 2-10 .... wish I could be outside in the beautiful weather , but its ok . 
I'm home from work at 10 ..... yay !! 
all I need now are the keys to my apartment and I'll be set !!! 
ROADTRIP !!!!! :D 
If it was up to me Tallahassee is not where I would be this weekend :( 
having a great day so far and I hope it continues . 
time to go for a run .... 
Let the real black friday shopping commence ... walmart was just a warm up and plus I got a rookie this year , aka Jenny lol 
work 2-10 , I am not a fan of tax free weekend lol it mite just be the end of Carly haha 
one more day !!! 
Time to go run a 5K ! 
had a wonderful day with friends and family .... great way to start the week :) 
I'm just plain worn out ..... not a good way to start out the week , but oh well . 
took 2 mins off my time in the run this morning :D .... now to finally sleep after fighting it all day . 
I found my Ipod and GPS that as been gone since April !! Couldn't have picked a better end to the day ! lol 
had a blast last night at day glo shooting ppl w paint and dancing !! 
I be happy :) 
my new goal is to learn how to do the exorcist walk !! 
one step forward ......... and two steps back . 
just got back into tally , 12 hrs driving up and down I-10 in 3 days .... yeah I'm tired . 
I'm headed to my doom ... I hate needles ! Let's hope I don't pass out lol 
home from work and trying to make plans or something ...... 
oh .... well hmm ....... ok . lol 
instructions should always be given when putting fresh rosemary in food ...... I knew it tasted kinda strong . lol 
it will be interesting to see if I have any hair left by the time this whole apartment process !! AHHHHH I'm so shocked and excited !!!! 
it needs to be 10 o'clock . 
had a great time last night , now off to work 230-730 . 
going running ! 
going to pick up my baby after being without it for almost 2 weeks !! 
my truck is home , no work today and now going for a run .... life is good . 
just got back from a great run .... its strange running on flat ground when you're so used to the hills of tallahassee . 
after going to sleep at 1am and getting up @ 445 , I don't think I've ever been so excited about a big cup of coffee . 
so glad to be home ...... 
oh what a long day and night at work ....... 
long night ..... that's about all there is to say . 
I hate cancer ..... why does it exist ? If there was one thing in the world I could get rid of forever it would be cancer :'( 
had a fun night ... now for some sleep . 
arg ..... 
Happy Easter everybody !! 
off to work 3-10 . 
needs a can opener ...... you don't think about not having one till you need one lol 
well now that's interesting ..... 
crazy day and nite at work .... but yes there are still good people in this world that do random acts of kindness and I'm glad I got to be a part of it . 
its been a pretty good day .... 
who ever said running in the rain couldn't be fun when you're with friends :) 
no more pizza for awhile ..... I think I drank my weight in water trying to make up for it tonight . lol 
someone pls tell me it was all just a bad dream ..... 
sleep ..... 
almost died tonight .... not sure if it was from almost being eaten by a roach or from flying over the coach to get away from the roach . lol 
had a great Thursday !! 
time to get started on my long list of to dos . 
off to work 230-10 .... its going to be a good day :) 
had a very fun nite ..... now for some sleep . 
it feels like christmas in august !!! omg I could just scream !! :DD 
dancing time !! 
off to work 4-11 .... grr 
first 5k done !! now work 11-7 , its going to be a long day . 
not much I dislike more then people talking on the phone or txtg while coming through my line . 
one down two to go ..... I almost done ! 
At work 930-530 .... oh I seriously need to wake up . 
time to go running ..... if that doesn't wake me up I'm not sure what will . 
its all going to work out just got to trust .... anyone know someone looking for a roommate ?? 
heavy sigh ....... 
" Time to wake up and go for a nice leisurely run ... as fast as you can go . " Thats what I woke up to this morning and it made me smile . lol 
work 12-815 .... its going to be a long day . lol 
had lots of fun at the beach today and now I'm over in good old Orange Park .... its changed alot since I was last here . 
I'm at my first roller derby ! This is going to be awesome ! 
at work till 10 . 
loves meeting new people ... now time for bed . 
time to get final number one out of the way . 
Ok now that my black friday shopping is done now work 11-7 .... we won't talk about the amount of sleep I'm going on lol 
its good to be back home in tally . 
Looking for a roommate or 2 for the spring and summer ... send me a message for more info ! 
" If it doesn't really matter what they think of you , the possibilities are endless . " 
anybody want to do anything tonite ? 
got alot accomplished today and had a good night at work , can't complain . 
can't wait till Thursday .... 48 hrs at work in 6 days is starting to wear on me . 
Becky McClanahan is in town and we're going shopping !!! I love my sister ! 
Heads up ... avoid Ocala rd there's a power line down across the whole road !! 
anybody want to go running tonight ? 
off to work 530-10 .... once again got alot accomplished today :) 
Studying at Strozier .... 
just woke up from a nap .... haha 
why am I so tired .... its not even that late ? 
dinner and hangin w/ the family :) 
so yeah .... 
I ran 2.6 miles today !! 
i-10 to jax here I come . lol 
I can't wait to get my truck back . 
I haven't laughed that hard in a long time ..... epic . lol 
this semester is officially over !! now work 6-10 . 
getting the last minute to dos done and trying to pack , not my favorite thing to do . I'm headed to j-ville . 
work 930-5 . 
got my work cut out for me for the next 5 days ..... 
I think my head really might explode ..... grrr 
work 230-10 ... then j-ville here I come !! 
At strozier studying .... its going to be a long night :/ 
going for a walk to try and clear my head and then back to studying . 
I'm on the hunt for furniture , so if anyone has anything they want to get rid of let me know :) 
got up early and went running now off to work 11-7 . 
and so I think today now takes the cake for the worst day ever for me ..... all I can say is my car is indestructible . 
what could be better then chasing a runaway baby all day ...... nope nothin better :D 
getting stuff done .... 
work 2-10 . 
had a great day w/ Stacy now work 530-10 . 
work 11-7 . 
fun nite made up for a boring day , tomorrow is going to be a long day . 
work 830-545 , already tired ... not good . lol 
its been a long day , that is all . 
very bored with no car and no way to get around :( And now I have to get my car towed . 
Welcome to Wakulla ! haha 
long day ..... 
glad its the weekend now , work 3-10 . 
at work 230-10 . 
been a very long day ..... I am so thankful for my Tallahassee family ..... 1 more day of christmas shoppers . 
I'm human , yes I mess up and no I can't be the tough one all the time .... I have feelings too , so please just give me a break . 
very excited !! now work 5-10 . 
work 10-6 , its going to be a good day ;) 
getting ready to do my first 5k !! I have 3 goals ... under 30 mins , no walking and not throw up . 
I am currently locked out of my phone .... so if I don't answer you thats why , hopefully can get it fixed tomorrow . 
work 930-430 . 
good thing I went running when I did cause its raining .... 
I'm sitting her awake anybody else bored shoot me a txt . 
almost done unpacking !! 
I'm in Destin staying the night at the hospital with my grandma . 
driving back to tally then to jax in the morning . 
rather frustrated ...... 
guess I should take a hint that I'm tired and not awake yet when I fall half way down the stairs :( off to work 11-7 . 
work 230-10 . 
off to go workout w/ Stacy and Moriah :) 
YAY for family dinners .... I've missed them . 
Oh how I love thursdays !!! 
Its been a good day .... can't complain :) 
trying to set up the internet at my apartment ..... 
it just doesn't really matter anymore ..... 
yaahh for dinner and movie w/ family and friends !!! 
On the road headed to J-ville ...... feel free to give me a ring and keep me awake . 
I'm thinking its time for a change ....... change is good , rite ? 
had an AMAZING weekend in Deland !! Now to get back to life , work and school . 
work 3-10 . 
the time is now ..... to make the conscious effort to change and move forward . 
last night was awesome and I'm looking forward to seeing what J-ville has in store for me today :) 
hitting the hay early tonight ........ nite 
Yah , for relaxing days off :) 
I'm about ready to trade in my car for a horse ..... if only that would work in todays society . 
to the beach we go , yeaah !! 
I've definitely had better days :/ 
GO GATORS !!! oh and go Canes ! haha 
the only way to describe today is LOL !! oh and I was able to go running tonight after all :D 
glad to be home after a crazy , long day at work . 
a great end to a pretty good day :) 
drivin into Destin now and then will be back on the road headed back to tally soon . 
its been a long day and I have to admit I'm glad its coming to an end . 
today did end up being a good day like I hoped and is now getting ready for a busy week ahead at work . 
ran another 5K this morning , then to the pool for awhile and now who knows ... time will tell :) Go Gators , get your act together !! 
had a great day off work just getting stuff done around the house and hangin . 
I really want to go running right now but nobody to run with ... not good lol 
oh how I love Thursdays !!! 
A possible stress fracture .... for real ?!?! :S 
long day at work but still a good day ..... I should be asleep but will be up for awhile . 
time for work .... 230-10 . 
work 930-530 . 
what the heck ?! 
DIE ROACH DIE !!!!! 
looking forward to what today holds ..... 
at work 230-10 .... it is so dead here , not sure if that's good or bad . lol 
work 930-545 . 
headed to bed .... yeah thursday and friday off !! 
not exactly sure there are words to describe work today ..... at least it wasn't boring . lol 
It only takes but a minute to make an effort and who knows .... you might have just made that persons day . 
I has a sad ...... but is so thankful for my true friends that are always there for me . 
driving behind a motorcyclist that can't keep his focus on the road .... kinda scary 
I'm soo excited .... I just can't hide it !!! lol 
it sounds like someone let out a herd of elephants upstairs .... lol 
home from work with yet another embarrassing moment for the books .... " I thought you were tough ?!?! " LOL 
is going crazy !!!! Literally rolling on the floor laughing , lol 
today = awesome !!! 
I love the beach !! 
its never too late for trips to wally world and dance parties in the car , especially with Jenny Mitchell :D 
off to work 11-7 then 2 days off !! 
goodnight all ..... 
okay so cops picking their nose in traffic is not only disgusting but distracting also ..... haha 
got to love floods and running around in the rain and lightening . 
its been a very long day ...... and has another one ahead of me tomorrow . 
off to go running .... next up I want to try intervals . 
work 530-10 and is open to hang out afterwards . 
had a great afternoon w/ Stacy :) now work 530-10 . 
Would greatly appreciate any and all prayers for my grandma , she's in the hospital ..... getting packed to head to Destin to see her . 
argh ........ 
off to work 245-10 ...... I made it to 300 friends !! hehe 
and sometimes its the little things that can make a day turn for the better ... like going for a run and finally having a lighter :) 
I have power !!! 
not exactly what I had planned for my days off from work but plans change . In j-ville till tuesday evening . 
loves girls only trips !! Headed back to tally . 
so I jumped out of an airplane and fell to the ground and I'm still alive !!! :D 
just signed my life away !! 
at work 10-6 .... and as for tonight , time will tell . 
looking for 2 more roommates to rent a house .. great price message me for details !! 
Anybody have tickets to the UF/FSU game they're not using ?? 
had an awesome night ! 
less then 2 hrs to go ... been at work 230-11 . 
day off tomorrow , I might make some brownies but then who would eat them ?? what a dilemma ... lol 
And once again I'm reminded of how small Tallahassee is ...... 
tonight = awesome !! 
" because we're just that awesome !! " 
I have been blessed with the most amazing friends . 
its been a very productive day .... off to work now 515-10 . 
couldn't have asked for a better weekend !! 
" she ate a bird ..... say what ?! " 
if a door closes then a window will open .... work 515-10 . 
feels like I've been awake forever and its only 9 o'clock , guess thats what happens when you get up at 645 . 
had fun working out with Stacy and Moriah at TCC :) 
its been a very long couple of days ...... Back to the drawing board :( Oh ... and what about nursing ? 
Had an all around great day .... now time for sleep . 
glad to back in tally ! I get the keys tomorrow !!! 
on the road headed to jax call if you wanna chat and help me stay awake lol skydiving tomorrow !!! 
I miss talking to friends that I thought would always be friends no matter what :( 
I don't like waiting .... especially when there is something stuck in my arm :( 
loves days off from work and hangin with friends ! 
Anybody want to go running with me when I get off work at 930 ? 
I'm starting to get really excited about doing the half marathon !! But .... its not till October :( 
the cops are sure out on ocala lol 
I will NOT give up !! 
had a great run with friends tonight .... perfect end to a great weekend !! 
looking forward to tomorrow .... 
its been a long day .... glad its finally coming to a close . 
going running !! 
is glad it is officially sunday now ! 
20 days till I'll be 20 !! 
looking for a roommate for the fall .... shoot me a message or give me a call . 
and Now .... I'm ready for work 230-10 . 
it is soo time for me to pass out now , I feel like I've been drugged ..... sleep 
Getting ready to head to the game ! 
" You do not need a parachute to skydive . You only need a parachute to skydive twice . " 
you better watch out ..... I'm just sayin . Now work 515-10 
I can't believe I'm going skydiving this morning !!! sleep last night was such a joke , hahaha 
its been a very long couple of days ...... Back to the drawing board :( 
me + stairs = bad news ..... oh and who decided to introduce me to Hulu , bad idea . lol 
So I have come to the realization that frisbees .... and spiders crawling across the Inside of my windshield are dangerous ..... at least to me they are . 
can't sleep ..... so now I write :/ 
" Don't make me light up my butt !! " 
I'm not afraid to walk around tally wearing my Gator shirt .... GO GATORS !!!! 
I'm rather speechless !!! 
I will learn to throw and play frisbee one way or another ..... can't isn't in my dictionary . 
Studying at strozzier .... its going to be a long night or should I say morning . 
Comeon Gators !!! 
back in tally , now work 5-10 . 
headed back to tally ... oh how I love driving in the pouring rain ... not . lol 
can't sleep for the life of me .... its time for my mind to go to rest :/ 
hmm .... a half marathon ? yeah we can do that , and we will ! 
I think I'm finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel ..... 
less then 6 weeks till my birthday !! Can't wait to see what the future holds ! 
I don't want to be awake right now but yet I am ...... 
headed to the funeral .... you will be missed :( 
had a rather crappy day but made a u-turn tonight thanks to family and friends . 
getting very excited about the weekend ..... 3 days till my birthday !! 
going to play ultimate !! 
I can't wait till Thursday !!! 
I definitely should have picked up a movie at redbox ... lol there's nothing to watch on tv :/ 
" What doesn't kill you makes you stronger . " 
changes are good .... rite ? yes they're good . 
when I say I'm deathly afraid of roaches .... I'm not kidding !! eeek 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys !! 
time with horses and Cassie .... sounds like great therapy to me . 
my furniture is almost here !!! :D 
going running then off to go house/townhouse/apartment hunting !! 
had a very fun night even though it was different then I expected ! 5K in a couple hrs .... hehe 
I'm so ready for this day to be over .... you can only prepare yourself but so much :( 
was a long night and morning but thankfully has gotten better as the day has gone on .... grandma is still in the hospital :( 
its not real ... its all in my head once I get that in line I'll be good . work 2-10 . 
I'm slightly bored but I don't exactly feel like unpacking lol 
made it safely back to tally and only lost traction w the road twice , which is pretty good considering how hard it rained . Now off to work 6-10 . 
and I thought ppl in Tallahassee didn't know how to drive , they don't have anything on you J-ville . headed back to tally . 
at the beach !!! 
2 days till my birthday !!! 
stupid high fructose corn syrup .... grr 
I keep getting finding all the freaky movies and tv shows tonite ..... lol 
There's a first time for everything ..... can't show fear not allowed . 
Enjoyed being in jax but missed my " family " at Ross :) 
hands down ..... its been a great day . 
had fun playin frisbee w Jenny now work till 10 . 
going running w/ the girls !! 
had an awesome day at the beach !!! And only slightly burnt ..... haha 
I hate the traffic in Jacksonville ... 
my head needs to quit talking to my stomach .... they're not supposed to be on the wave link and talk to each other :/ 
I'm looking for one more roommate for the Fall .... found a great deal for an apartment ! So shoot me a message ! 
go Leon Lions !! 
yay for free boxes from liquor stores and thank you Jenny Mitchell for all your help today packing and moving ! 
I'm back from a great 3 mile run , I love running at night ! 
going for a run ! 
I've gone to the beach more in the last 2 weeks then I have all summer and its been awesome !! 
Somebody please just put me out of my misery now . 
So happy to have a day off !! 
had an awesome day .... 3 friends , the beach , a football , ritas and a long walk ... doesn't get much better than that !! 
anybody want to go for a run ?? 
Stacy Mowry is a bit of a bad influence when it comes to trying to study .... but I'll have to admit its been a very fun day and night ! 
so 2 firetrucks and a cop and telling the neighbors to shut up or they'll have to deal with worse then me .... yeah I'd say last night was an interesting night in my neck of the woods . 
anybody got a plan C ? 
who knew driving around tally in search of a redbox could be fun and fyi bubble wrap is one of the best things ever invented !! :P 
Going to try and take a nap b4 going to work at 930pm tonite :/ 
had a great day with family and friends .... now if I could only make myself tired and want to go to sleep .... lol 
Going running to clear my mind and relax or at least that's the plan . 
got lots to do b4 work tonight .... 
now to try and get an hour of sleep before getting up once again :/ 
so glad the flooding in our apartment wasn't any worse then it was ..... looking for dinner plans ? 
Not the phone called I wanted to get at 830am ... headed to jax . Would appreciate prayers for my grandma and my family . 
that was probably just one of the hardest things I've had to do .... 
has the next 2 days off !!! Anybody want to hang out ? 
Had an awesome weekend in WPB with the Kellys ! After a 7hr drive its back to life . 
Headed home ... still another 5hrs on the road so feel free to call me and keep me company :) 
I hate being sick .... ugh 
went for an awesome run tonight .... yay for seeing people I know along the way ! 
drivin down I-10 wishin I could fly .... j-ville here I come ! 
Carly shouldn't fall asleep with her FB open ... bwahaha <3 
Anybody want to go running w me at some point this evening ?? 
I got the keys to my apartment !!! 
time to go running before the sun goes down and it gets cold . lol 
going to bed .... must sleep its going to be a long week . 
I am now at work from 930pm tonite till 730am ... its going to be a long night !! 
Why am I still awake ?!?! Oh yeah .... that would be the redbull and grande latte I had , well it kept me awake to study so I guess its all good lol 
yay for my first visitors and getting " kidnapped " :D 
first nite in the apt by me self and I'm still awake .... lol 
had a great day with my aunt and my apartment looks great and feels more like home thanks to my awesome aunt and uncle !! 
went on an awesome 6 mile run this morning , now that's a good way to start the day ! 
back in Tally after a long exhausting weekend in Destin ..... trying to get back in the swing of things . 
so do you think Superman would share some of his super powers with me if I asked nicely ? 
first cup of coffee at my apt = awesomeness !! 
ROADTRIP !! 
I have been awake for 5 hrs already , time to bring on the redbull . 
Go Gators !!! 
the last 24hrs were awesome !! Splitting a quarter of a watermelon at 10pm with my grandma and calling it dessert .... doesn't get much better than that ! 
just woke up from an 8 hr " nap " .... not sure if I can still call it a nap but it was pretty awesome ... I slept like a rock lol 
time for bed , got inventory at 4am !!! 
I want a porcupette !!! 
In Deland for the 
night or should I say a couple hrs ... glad to see Jenny no matter 
how short the amount time . 
Oh ankle why must you hate me ?? 
Anybody want to watch the Gators beat Kentucky w me ?? :) 
Off to watch the Gator game .... GO GATORS !! 
At my first college football game !! I'm still a Gator even tho I'm at a FSU game ... lol 
To da beach !! 
Almost there Gators !!! 
Good morning !! Inventory time ! 
going for a run . 
dinner anyone ?? 
Tonight + krispy kreme donuts = AMAZING !! Happy Birthday Jenny !! 
Dear self , 
Headaches are not my friend so please go away and don't come back . 
Thanks , Carly 
Started the morning with a nice run now work till 530 and inventory at 4am tom . 
He likes me , he likes me not . That is my nephew Keaton's current feeling about me . lol 
Everyone has a story to tell and you never what you'll hear if you just take the time to stop and listen . 
Is it summer yet ??? 
getting ready to go running .... ok I'll admit it , I think I'm addicted to running and I might not ever stop . 
It needs to be Friday .... like right now . 
So yesterday a customer told me that I talk so fast it sounded like I was talking in a different language .... LOL 
" Is your name Caroline or Coraline ? " Stupidest joke about my name I've ever heard . 
Had a lot of fun last nite .... but who's idea was it to stay up all night ?? Lol 
I hope I'm not getting sick .... not feeling too good and I'm at work till 530 :( 
Can't think of a better way to start the day ... 630am 6 mile run now work till 530 . 
Had a blast tonight w/ Jenny Mitchell ..... yes we know we're crazy ! hehe 
Get ready Deland you aren't going to know what hit you ! 
When it rains it pours :( 
Dear Tally weather , 
Its only the beginning of October its not supposed to be below 50 degrees yet that's why I live in florida not up north . 
TOUCHDOWN !!! 
Woke up early and just drinking coffee and watching the waves crash on the beach wishing my grandma was sitting here drinking coffee with me but instead I'm going to her funeral today . 
so to all the people who wonder why I haven't posted a status in a week and a half .... I am still alive ! 
bad night for football in my opinion :( 
so the goal for today is to go the whole day without a headache . 
Off for some fun at Wally world with Jenny Mitchell :D 
because I NEED food and she needs socks 
Pulling another all nighter at work . I'll b here till 730am . 
going to run 9 miles in the morning better get some sleep . 
Note to self ... must cook more , not sure how much more of these frozen dinners I can handle . 
The early bird gets the worm .... so true now if only getting up early was easier for me . 
Just went for a nice long walk on the beach .... my last hoorah before I'm made my ankle becomes immobilized . Happy Thanksgiving everybody !! 
At work till 1230am tonight .... I'm ready for the christmas shopping and holiday hrs to be done :/ 
its been a very long night .... now to try and get some sleep . 
Dear self , 
I think you must hate me which is also you ... so I'm not sure why you think this is a good idea . So please start being nice again . Thank you . 
Sincerely , Carly 
On the road headed to Destin ..... I-10 is so boring . 
Time to turn up the Christmas music and put the rest of my ornaments on my tree and clean up the house !! 
I didn't pass out so as my reward we got coffee and donuts !! It's turned into a pretty awesome Monday morning with two awesome ppl , Stacy Mowry and Jenny Mitchell :D 
I think my phone currently hates me so if I don't answer your txt I apologize . 
So if anyone has sent me a txt today I haven't gotten it ... phone is being a brat . So no I'm not ignoring you , we'll hope for better news tomorrow . 
time to buckle down and study ...... taking breaks for coughing lol 
had a very fun weekend even with having to work so much ! 
Say what ?! lol 
its been a long week and weekend that's for sure .... not sure I'm ready to start another one . 
I don't need a super hero ... my grandma is my hero . 
I thought I lived in Florida not Antarctica ..... cold please go away I'm ready for spring . 
Had an awesome day yesterday from start to finish ! 
I'm off to walmart .... going during the day just doesn't seem right haha 
feeling rather homesick tonight .... I guess the holidays tend to bring that on more now then normal :/ 
ok ... now it really feels like Christmas now that my apt looks more festive and my tree is completely decorated !! 
Made it into the stadium ! Go Gators !!! 
has a list of to dos for the day .... guess its time to get started . 
Staying in the hospital tonight w/ my grandma , not what we'd hoped for but I guess God had other plans . Would greatly appreciate prayers for her . Merry Christmas everyone ! 
Ok last night definitely qualifies as the best surprise ever !! 
Phone is being a butt again so if you've txtd me in the past 12 hrs and I haven't answered its cause I didn't get it .... back to ATT after work . Anybody have an old iPhone they don't want anymore ? 
To say goodbye and then walk away ... that's one of the hardest things I've ever had to do :'( I love you Grandma . 
My beautiful Grandma went home to be with the Lord yesterday morning . I love you Grandma and miss you ! 
a bit overwhelmed but I must push through it and keep going . 
had fun tonight .... now for some sleep . 
Since when is it ok to just call someone from my phone history to find out who I talk to ?!?! 
Sitting by my Grandma's bed as she sleeps and thinking of all the memories we have together . She's my hero today and always . 
and sometimes .... I just can't win . 
off to work 230-10 .... and then no work till Monday and I'm off to the beach !! 
