what is on my mind ... not much ... it is retreating from the coming tide of homework ... 
first day of Donaghey Scholars 
R.I.P. Victorya . 
Can't go back to STA til Thursday cause of the stupid FLU !!! 
Always Look on the Bright Side of Life ... 
is a National Merit Semifinalist !!! Yay !! 
is cramming on homework ... 
is experiencing some Schadenfreude right now ... 
is a National Merit Semifinalist !!! Yay !!! 
We could be sitting in the computer lab , 4 am before the final paper is due ... OH CRAP !!! 
Hold thy piece , thou knave ... 
is confused . 
is writing a paper that is due tomorrow ... What ? I should be writing it instead of writing this status ? If you say so ... 
Oh the irony ... I am a dork . 
only 14 chapters left to read ... 
Blue !!! 
Hang on a minute , i have to put my phone in my cheese so i can get out my keys to open this door ... 
Look at spot . Spin . Attempt to find spot . WHERE IS SPOT ? Oh . Behind me . That was not 360 degrees . Darn . 
Is done with her paper ! now to the next one ... 
Superbowl Monday !!! We should make it an official holiday . 
So much for no accumulation ... :-) 
__ ??????? ?? l ??? ?? l ? * ?? ?????? ??? | ?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ? | ??? ? ?????? ?? l ????. __ This is Bob's house , apparently . I find that amazing . 
Anybody want a good Laptop for $750 ? or a tablet for $175 ? Contact Chandramohan Sol if you do ... 
WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO FB ?? oh dear , another layout change . I get to relearn fb . Again . 
is 15 !!! :-) 
? / This is bob , / ? / \ __ ??????? ?? l ??? ?? l ? * ?? ?????? ??? | ?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ? | ??? ? ?????? ?? l ????. __ and this is bobs house I find that amazing . 
And you think that killing people might make them like you ... but it doesn't ... It just makes them dead ! :-P 
finally got an Adam Lamber cd !! :-D :-D yay ! 
Hogwarts has really gone to the dogs . Luckily , next year , I'll be transferred to Pigfarts !!! :-D 
Reading books by the fire is swell , pushing people in is fun as well ... :-P 
I say tornadoes , you say tornahdoes ... the funny thing is that the RENT soundtrack is in tune with the sirens ... 
mysterious as the dark side of the moon ... love that song 
Sitting in the computer lab , 4am before the final paper is due , cursing the world ' cause I didn't start sooner , and seeing the rest of the class there too ... >:| Dummkopf ... :P 
is going Sekisui on slabs of styrofoam since the concept of packing peanuts does not exist in Mexico . :) 
Muggles have their place . Mudbloods have their place . And SO DO YOUR CLOTHES !!! Namely , a DRESSER !!! 
Crap , I missed the train ... again ... :( 
I want to meet the awesome people at 35 Sampsonia Way , Pittsburg , Pennsylvania . They rock . 
just won the other 9 games plus the 2 easter eggs making 11 total games . 
Okay , help me out : What grade did you start studying " literature ? " For example , learning how to find a theme in a book , understanding foreshadowing , etc . Comment please ! 
Hi everybody ! I'm turning into an ostrich for the rest of the summer ! :D 
okay , must break fb addiction . temporarily deactivating account- Bye bye people ! :-) 
finds that typing " workthistimedamnit " as a title for a formatting thingy in Dreamweaver actually works . So do " centerthyself " and " gofetcenter . " 
YYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYY !!!! Hi . I am sleepy . I'm not sure why I am writing this . Oh yeah . [ title of show ] is awesome . ' kay bye now . I'm going to sleep . I'm really talkative ( typative ? ) when I'm sleepy ... 
Thinks the popularity of names from tw*l*gt is sad . Esme suddenly appeared on lists in 2008 , Rosalie appeared in 2009 , Jasper and Emmett have more than doubled in popularity since 2006 , Leah has doubled in popularity since 2007 , Alice is up in ranking 150 spots since 2005 , and Jacob and Isabella are currently the most popular names for boys and girls respectively . And Hermione isn't even on the list . >.< 
<3 Star Trek . 
is happy because her dog does not have cancer like the evil scammer vet said she did . 
performed the full body-bind curse on one of her professors . Oh boy ... 
Best quote of all time : Kirk : " Mr. Spock , you're the science officer , why don't you explain it to the young lady ? " Spock : " Well I ... believe its safe ... safe to ... assume they would recieve the necessary ... instructions . " McCoy : " From a machine ? ( Raises eyebrows in cynicism ) That I'd like to see . " 
<3 Red Vines . 
MOTORCYCLE !!! If you get this , I feel bad for you . 
Is it just me , or is there a remarkable similarity between Red John's smiley face and the Dark Mark ? 
Yay ! 3.80 !!! :D 
Okay , so can anyone remind me what neopolitan and pistachio ice cream are ? Oh , and congrats if you actually get this . :-) 
FINALLY met the 12 year old physics geek ! He probably thinks I'm a creeper , though ... D: 
In addition to eradikating " C " s , I propose pennies are eradikated . They no longer serve any purpose other than looking pretty . The tsheapest things that are purtshaseable kost at least 5 sents . 
It means no worries , for the rest of your days ... :P 
time to watch the redshirts die , the greenblood battle the Doc , and the Captain save the universe from peril ... :D 
Taking a bus down to Bognor Regis because we've heard that they are panda free 
That makes it safe for us to plant cucumbers and the ship them over the sea 
Pandas are the cucumber's enemy -- they attack them with their feet ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ! ) 
The cucumber has only one way to escape them ; that's ride a go cart down the street ! 
is apparently a gay black guy named Tyrone . 
Watched GLEE for the first time ... MUST GET DVDs @.@ 
iz in Mexico , speaking the Spanishs . 
Knock Knock ! 
Who's there ? 
Juno 
Juno who ? 
AVADA KEDAVRA !!! >:D 
That's scary . I know a * real * creeper ... 
finally got around to reading about Daniel Radcliffe and found out that he's a liberal atheist whose main expense is books . <3 
Mexico wins 2-0 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D YAHOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is happy that the World Cup has started ! Primero partido : Mexico vs . Sudafrica , Marcador Final : 1-1 . Me gustan los pirotecnicos . :D 
? Edward . 
Clint McClance resigned from the school board today . A bit of my faith in humanity has been restored by all of the people who demanded his resignation . Thanks , people . :) 
1234567.89 : so ... I don't know you that well , but I've known you for a long time ... you are awesome :D I love your hair , and you're really good at playing the drums , and I can't wait to see you at the pool next summer ( hopefully before then , but ya never know ) :D 
has recently become obsessed with Johnny Depp and the characters he portrays ... :P 
has slept approximately 8 hours out of the last 64 . This is a personal record . Now , to bed ! 
is trying to aquire pics/reviews/anything else relevant to a portfolio for her Theatre IT class . if you have them , please contact me ! :D thx 
Is it just me , or is Will Schuester a cross between Patrick Jane and Neil Patrick Harris ? 
It's not over yet ... :D 
okay ... I'm bored ... Q and A is the new status fad ... heck , why not ? Ask me anything and I shall answer honestly in my status ... though I will not promise to answer your question . I may answer a completely different question in response to your question . You would have to ask to find out . 
has a ten year supply of plastic straws . Thank you Sam's . On a different note , I will be putting off admitting that school has started for the forseeable future . 
Alan Rickman is awesome . 
Back to the place where our story begins ... 
is confused . The symbols on the board have no logical organization as far as she can tell . Perhaps she should study DiffEq * before * coming to class next time . 
thinks that Johnny Depp would have made a far better Edward Cullen than Robert Pattinson . The Edward in the Twilight movies doesn't smile , whereas Johnny Depp has the " crooked smile " and enough acting skills to have some slim chance of bringing life to Edward's character . :) 
" Mr. Spock , you're a stubborn man . " " Yes , sir . " :D 
" My congratulations , Captain . A dazzling display of logic . " " You didn't think I had it in me , did you , Spock ? " " No , sir . " -pitiful face- :D 
" You'd make a splendid computer , Mr. Spock . " " That is very kind of you , Captain . " :D 
is and idiot , for she should be asleep or at least doing something productive like homework , yet instead is typing this ... 
is having fun , having traveled with her fianceé Spock to the land of the Oompa Loompas to search out and capture Johnny Depp to teach us the secrets of Pirate lingo . 
Who came up with " Beam me up , Scotty . " ? I'm halfway through the original series , and no one has yet said that . D: 
The holy day of migration has begun . :) 
I <3 Bill Hader :D 
Imagine there's no countries - it isn't hard to do 
Nothing to kill or die for , and no religion too ? 
The world's about to be destroyed , there's no point getting all annoyed , lie back and let the planet dissolve ( all around you ! ) ... :D 
is making up new names for her friends based on their personalities . If you want to know yours , comment . :) 
red yellow green brown scarlet black ochre peach ruby olive violet fawn cream crimson silver rose azure lemon russet grey purple white pink orange blue tawny golden saffron flaxen blonde coarse fine straight curly grey white red black blue brown yellow crimson green orange purple pink violet white 
Hi theatre people , anyone have a good 30-60 second monologue you would recommend for me ? Thanks ! :) 
I see you shiver with antici ... 

... pation :D 
I like it on the desk by the computer . 
starting conversations on Omegle with " kumquat " produces some interesting results ... :D 
Please 
put this as your status if you know/are related to someone who 
waskilled in Hogwarts during the siege by the Death Eaters during 
theSecond Wizarding War . While the Order brings Unity , the Death 
Eaterscontinue to foster division and hatred . Around 57 innocent 
witches andwizards died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% 
of peoplewon't repost . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's 
Army !! 
ich habe sauerkraut in meinen lederhosen ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5wLRwr_JZo 
It has been deduced : Calculus is Racist . http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/Calculus#Racist_Calculus 
hmm , so I finally understand the number game . Send me a number and my next status shall include you . 
Saddistically difficult Harry Potter quiz -- My Result : Greatest Wizard Of All Time . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/308630/referrals/status?aid=1446256364 
sigh ... I think I'm the only one who is not excited that the HP7I movie is coming out ... D: 
life forms ... those tiny little life forms ... you precious little life forms ... where are you ? 
Clint McCance said heinous things about the recent gay suicides . CALL to ACTION ! There will be a visibility/vigil at the Midland School District offices today , Oct . 28 , 2010 . We will be meeting at the McDonald's in Sherwood on Kiehl at 7am . Signs should read only , Stop the Hate , All Kids Matter , AND RESIGN . For more info : 501-993-4697 
... but nobody ever did . 
Harry Potter , Star Trek , Onision , cynicism , satire , books , theatre , friendship , His Noodliness . RAmen . 
wants a tricorder . 
Alternating between computer games and writing papers while listening to Rocky Horror at a high volume . This is fun . :D 
I just joined Stickam.com! Come view my LIVE stream at http://stickam.com/kukukoko11 
will slay grass with the silver cheese-grater blinds . 
Back to witches and wizards and magical beasts , to goblins and ghosts and to magical feasts ... 
