Congratulations to all December 2010 NLE passers ! 
Fuck you ! Fuck you very very much ! 
SmiLe . xD 
Hahaha . Yea ! 
Sunshine is days away I won't be saved I know all the words 
I can't say that I'll love you forever 
DURIAN 
Last 7 days . Study mode na . Sana pumasa tayong lahat . 
Wah Toxic| ! 
" I don't want to commit on something that is subjective ( referring to love ) . 
A possibility that one day you'll wake up and not love the person you are with . " 
-nice 
Naku ! Sobra namang earthquake ung sa Japan ... = c 
Can't wait till this day is over . 
Good luck sa lahat . 
Wah ... I feel so bad . Di ko alam kung maiiyak ako o magagalit . Hayz ... 
" Because you made me promise something that i don't want to do ! " 
" Because you made me promise something that i don't want to do " -Kevs 
" Sige lang , unfair pero bigay mo lang " -Nhof 
" Sige na nga dahil ako ay isang sacrificial person ... " -Rov 
Lung Check 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... FAIL ! 
Then bronchodilator ... 
Lung Check shall resume tomorrow . 
You're just the one that I've been waiting for 
I'll give you all that I have to give and more 
But don't let me fall , don't let me fall 
Lung check uLi ! After a day of hostile stomach , finally i can run the test again . 
Hay . Nakakawalang ganang magsulat ng note . Mag sign out na nga lang 
One good day coming up ! Blessed Sunday everyone ! 
Ang lousy naman nun . Lousy Tin ! Hayz . 
matapos nga kahit isang length lang ng cross stitch ! 
There is nothing wrong with starting at the bottom . 
-Coach Anne D . Lao . 
I miss church . 
Started with letter " R " last night . It looks good . But it is taking so much of my patience 
Lakad uLi ! XD 
Is missing someone ... 
" Para saan ba kasi ung pangalan at bakit pa nila pinag aawayan . " 
Sabi ko nga e hindi naman kailangang malaman kung sino ka when it comes to God diba ? He even changed the name ung nag follow sa kanya gaya ni Peter . 
It's a beautiful day . ;) 
Ang ganda ! I can't wait ... I can't wait . Dalawang gabi pa . ;) 
Who told you that jogging will make you lose weight ? As the nerdiest nerd Sheldon said " An exercise regimen that will strengthen my cardiovascular system AKA jogging " -Haha . XD 
So blessed . Thank you Lord . I know and believe it doesn't end there ... There is more to come . 
Fly like a bird to the Lord , my soul . 
I want to soar like an eagle . 
Though I may journey far away from home , 
I know I'll never be alone . 
A 15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son ; people call her a slut . But no one knew she was raped at 13 . Make fun of someone for being fat , but you don't know that person has a serious medical condition that causes her to be obese . Call the old guy ugly , but .. you don't know he got a serious face injury after serving the country or saving a life . Re-post this if you're against bullying and stereotyping 
Adam linlinlingan amin ay ipugao ay manlaylayad ken sik a . :) 
Tired or depressed ? 
Wow ! So it's true !!! Unexplainable happiness and concern ... :) 
In honor of Mother's Day change your profile picture to a picture of you and your mom or just your mom until May 9th . I did and so have several others . If you love this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB . 
I suppose i could stop it now ... Say i didn't need it anyhow ... Just walk away and let it go ... I could pretend you don't already know that I'm already gone ... 
Thank you for the message . |It means so much and i feel so comforted . ;) | Love ya sis ... 
Is going to watch flaretending in Baguio Convention Center 
What did i just say ? Weh ~ ! That's why i don't like impromtu speeches in front of a crowd . 
" Kahit na tahimik yan , nasa akin naman ang attention niya ... " 
calloused 
Is dearly missing someone ... :'( 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN : ( 1 ) FINE : This is the word women use to end an argument when she knows she is RIGHT & YOU need to SHUT UP . ( 2 ) NOTHING : Means SOMETHING & you need to be WORRIED . ( 3 ) GO AHEAD : This is a dare , not a permission , do NOT do it . ( 4 ) WHATEVER : A woman's way of saying SCREW YOU . ( 5 ) THAT'S OK : She is thinking long & hard on HOW & WHEN you will pay for your mistake . Re-post if you agree ! 
YeHey ! Finally it's over ! What a relief . Whew . XD 
Hopefully ... Whew ... 
Congratulations to the new RNs . 
Ahem , maraming review center ang magpropromote . :) 
Just woke up . : c 
oh histo PE !!! Damn it ! I know it's my fault but that doesn't make me know nothing . It just makes me STUPID ! Damn it !!! 
Down on the rocks . 
Times catches deep in its arms both love and pain and erases them , but I remember them ... And always will i ... 
This is how depressed i am ... I just cleaned my room . For the first time in a long time it's so neat . OC did it ... 
Yes malapit na ! I am so excited ! YeHey ! Thanks for the getaway . Moving on ... 
Incomparable , unchangeable ... You see the depths of my heart and You love me the same ... You are amazing God . ;) Thank you . Thank you so much . 
Oh bring back my ANA to me ... hehehe . XD 
It takes two to maintain a good relationship ... It can't be done alone ... 
But i say it takes 3 . Who's the third one ? It's God . :) When it's just two , it's a temporary relationship . But with God eternity is certain ... 
Magpreprepare ba nanaman akong madepress bukas ? Histo na at Biochem ... Sana naman maging mabait mga un ... 
How do you approach someone who will answer you " PERIOD . " ??? 
Why do they always have to be right ? I hate it when they are right because i learn things the hard way . 
On the process palang ung pictures . Hehe . 
Anong meron at naging cartoons lahat ng profile pic ??? 
I´m on the rocks , i´m on the rocks , and you're still all that i need to get up 
but you bring me down , yeah you bring me down down down 
I stayed with a long lost close friend ... and it was meant everything ... this friend made me very happy . Thank you so much for being there for me despite everything that had happened . ;) Yeah , real friends never leave each other . 
Wife : Gusto kong magpadagdag ng boobs 
Husband : Ha ? Hindi ba masagwa un ? Magiging tatlo ?! 
At some time , people stop being themselves just because of an experience that has caged them forever and they don't know that the consequences of being stuck in a cage brings more pain than the experience they had . 
Ano kaya ang magandang new year's resolution for love ? :)) 
" Just gonna stand there and watch me cry , but it's alright because i like the way you lie ... " 
-Na LSS ako sa link ni Karla ... 
It is better to sleep than to be frustrated ... 
DRIFTING ... 
( sigh ) 
Finally getting up . All thanks to Him 
We're going to love if it kills us ! 
-A Love Worth Giving by Max Lucado 
Just got home . Went videoke at SM with my mum . Thanks . And thanks for my exact passing board rating . Thank God . ;) 
Thank God i exactly passed that suicide quiz . Next time read ! 
is going back to school tomorrow ... 
Yup . I think that's always the case ... it will all go better in time . 
Ra ra ra a a Roma Rom ma ma Ga ga ooooh La la , want your bad romance ! Videoke na ! 
Sometimes we are not actually afraid that someone's love for us might end ... but the thing that someday our love for them will fade ... -Rani 
Sa lahat ng bumati at sa mga babati pa marami pong salamat . Super . Thank you . God Bless . Hugs . 
God is great ... 
Emo quote of the day . 
Love cannot live when there is no trust . 
-Cupid to Psyche . ;p 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories :] This is a Campaign for Children's rights ( violence against children 
QUIET people are hard to please . They want few topics that are not sensitive . Topics they can relate to . 
It's pointless . So cut it off . 
" But maybe I'm sticking to the idea that love is a stupid thing_ It doesn't change anything_Only makes matters worse . It makes you HURT while you don't deserve to hurt . So much for love . What is the point ? " 
Excited . 
What is so funny ? Damn it ! 
Nakakatamad ng magbasa . Pwede bang ierase muna ang bakasyon sa ulo ? 
I stayed with a long lost close friend ... and it was meant everything ... this friend made me very happy . Thank you so much for being there for me . 
PRELIMS na ... Ung sketch pad di pa tapos .... 
What's the point in loving ? What's the point in friendship if you know it's just going to leave you hanging ? If that's the case , it's better then to be alone . At least you wont feel anything . ( nakakainis , nakakaiyak , ang sama sama ng loob ko ang sama talaga ) . 
This sounds familiar ... Got to deal with it . ;) It takes time . Patience . 
Weh ! Buwisit ka ! Shette ! I thought you were so LAME !!! Enyametten ! Natalo tuloy ako sa pustahan ! Hmph ! Pero in fairness a ... Shet . :)) 
Tinanong mo sakin kung ano ang gusto ko upang mapaligaya ang aking pasko . 
Bakit mo pa kaya kailangang sabihin sa akin yan para namang kasi hindi mo pa alam ... 
Ang lamig ! Buti na lang binilhan ako ni mama ng winter jacket . Gusto kong tanggalin kasi uminit naman ! Weh ! 
Alone in the darkness , I found out the meaning of your tears ... I stepped out toward the place I wished for , but I don't want to hurt anyone ... Regardless of that fate that awaits , i won't regret the things that i live for . Because within sadness there is courage and i'll hold on to the light . Tears of a blue sky , still falling ... someday it will turn into a smile ... 
Exhausted . 3 more days to go . Whew . Then to Manila . 
I need to make it up to you ... I'm sorry , I know I should have treated you better ... Please don't give up on me ... 
Sometimes the best thing we could do is just wait ... 
Wait until it will either belong to us , or find it's own . 
Depressing ... 
I am at peace . Finally ... 
i´m on the rocks , i´m on the rocks , and you´re still all that i need to get upbut you bring me down , yeah you bring me down down down 
Here we go again ... 
It's so hard to love someone else when someone else is inside your heart ... 
Happy New Year ! Wee . 2011 na . 
You can erase it if you want to . The problem is to deal with it's pop-ups . 
It's a virus that even you erase it keeps coming back because you haven't fixed your system . 
Neuro , neuro , neuro ... 
I will wait for that moment . Yup . We'll meet again someday to get our license . XD 
siLent night :) 
BITTER is the most sensitive taste at ( 0.000008 ) . This explains why we easily get BITTER in an alkaline situation . And the taste LASTS LONG . No wonder it's hard to move on . 

Makes sense ? 
~ The pathophysiology of BITTERNESS . 
If you are really his/her friend you will support his/her no matter he/she wants to be ... 
Wait a minute why am i doing all the giving here ?... If i am really his/her friend , why doesn't he/she support me in my hatred against so and so ... 
Because love triumphs hate ... 
I am so dead . 
Learning to manage and balance my time ... San ba dapat mas marami panahon ko ? Sa asawa ko , minamahal ko o sa mga kaibigan ? Sana maging pantay pantay ... Pero kailangan kong damihan ang panahon ko para sa asawa ko ... Sana maintindihan ng mga minamahal ko at mga kaibigan ... 
/Why can't you see ? I know you are not blind . Damn it ! Bakit ba hindi nyo makita ?! Bakit ung iba pa ang nakakakita ........ (???) 
What a lame person . And how stupid have i been . 
Likes to go to KTV house at SM but has no company ... 
Gusto kong magvideoke pero la akong kasama ... Heks heks . Umuwi lahat sa probinsya . 
My pacemaker ... When will you come and mend my broken heart ? 
YeHeY !!! Tapos na rin sa wakas ang isang linggong penitensiya . ;) 
Still sleepy ... Kainis na kape . Wa effect ! 
Thanks but no thank . s for the rest day ... Expect a lot of make up class ... 
There are just things that are unexplainable ... 
What the heck ? Family medicine is flirting with my cardiology dream . Oh man ! 
" Relax . Don't let the load overwhelm you ... " 
So are you saying that I should sleep ??? 
now i think i understand ... 
If you have nothing good to say will you please shut up !!! 
Hay thank God for anatomy lecture ... Kahit papano ... it lifted my spirit ... 
Last one subject tomorrow . Whew ... Need to be a wide reader ... 
I'm going to the coldest place in Benguet where the clouds live and where the waters freeze . I hate cold . But i am cold . I belong there . 
Back in the arms of my angel ... Back to the peace that I saw love ... Back in the arms of my angel I can finally rest ... Feeling you again around me ... 
I'd give anything now to kill those words for you ... Each time I say something i regret i cry , " I don't wanna lose you ... " But somehow i know that you will never leave me ... 
I can't hold on to me . Wonder what's wrong with me ? 
Lithium , i wanna stay in love with my sorrow . 
I love you no matter what . But when you turn me away then what else can i do but to walk away ... 
Life's meaningless without those people who give meaning to it . 
| At Last | wHew | :) | hAppY vAcati0n | 
| mERRy ChRistmAs to aLL | 
If I sleep just to dream of you ... and wake without you there ... 
I hate dictionaries . 
Study time ... 
I know , i know , you wouldn't appreciate it anyway . It has to be perfect huh ? 
Thank God ! Almost done . 2 subjects to go ... 
" Oh , I'm not pretending . I'm sad . I'm very sad . Me so sad ! " 
" Hey , forget it . Sad is mine . Go find your own pretend-emotion . " 
-Cristina Yang 
Snooze ... 
It is better to be blind and not see , than to see and act blinded ... 
Once you met someone you never really forget them ... It takes a while for your memories to return . 
Next chapter please ... 
Let it go . :) 
In every relationship , it takes three to make it last forever . That's you , your friend and your Bestfriend , God . ;) 
I need a break . To my best friend , thanks for this day out . 
Love keeps no record of wrongs . 1Cor 13:5 
-Thanks for the message ate Raine . I feel better now . ;) 
Hnga eh . Same SHIT talaga . Different lang ung situation . Hay naku bahala sila . Yan ang example ng rupture . Affected lahat . O kaya bawal ang inflammation .! hmpf 
BUT i don't want you to know because ... 
You'd be happier without me . This is what you wanted to do . Because if i truly love you i have to set you free . For our sakes . I have to let go and move on without you . 
Draw all your negative feelings out !!! 
Ui ... Hahaha . Ang saya saya niya . Haha . Weh . Ako ang na eexcite dito eh . 
Super kilig moment naman un . 
“I don’t know . ” Have I done those for nothing ? Were all those things meaningless ? “I don’t know . ” Does it explain why here I am now doing meaningless stuff ? “I don’t know . ” 
magical celine arrow lightning sword of the phoenix 
I don't get angry . I just get EVEN . XD 
-Nhof L . Bacquian 
tears that never fall but they run to the heart ... 
washed away by the darkest water , the world is peaceful and still .... 
No thanks . I'm out . 
If at some point you are not sure ... if you get to that point , the unsure answer you have is always the right thing to do . 
That person is too lame . Get ready to treat me after my birthday . 
When we give a part of ourselves then lose that someone whom we gave a part of us , we also lose that part of us ... 
How i hate the way he makes me feel . 
And how i try to make him leave , i try , i try ... 
But he's there in the dark , he's there in my heart ... 
He waits in the wings , he's gotta play a part ... 
Ang gago naman nun ! 
<3 | : * | <3 | : * | <3 | : * | <3 | 
Love cannot be called as love unless received or reciprocated by someone . 
Time is TOO SHORT to waste it on someone who is NONSENSE !!! 
How come the people you value have gone away while those you don't give much attention to stays ... 
Living for someone you love is a lie when the person you love doesn't even give a damn shit about you . 
( sigh ) I thought so too ... 
To sleep or to review ... 
Asan ?! 
Happy vacation 
Enjoyed the trip very much . Icy cold and nice sceneries . 
Thanks a lot . :) 
Bawal mag mahal not unless " SIYA " un !!! 
At some time , people stop being themselves just because of an experience that has caged them forever and they don't know that being stuck in that cage brings more pain than the experience they had . 
Disconsolate ( Disconsole it ): To remove the functional unit of a gadget ; To cheat badly if you lost to a game . 
Reconsolate ( Reconsole it ): To bring back the functional unit ; To reconciliate . 
Bakit mo pa kaya sabihin sa akin yan para namang kasi hindi mo pa alam . 
All of my regrets will wash away somehow . 
But how can i forget the way i feel right now ... 
“I lost my purpose of holding on to this path . ” 
Conflicts are never solved with words . I know you are not sincere with what you say anyways . 
I have sworn to myself that I am content with loneliness . 
i wanted you to know how i feel but I thought that i would just keep it to myself . You don't need to know that whenever i hurt you it hurts me too . That after we parted i wanted you back so badly . That i wanted to take all those hurtful words that i've said . That i hope you'd come back and forgive me . That my love for you hasn't faded . 
Which color best suits your personality ? -- My Result : You are Green ! . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/220149/referrals/status?aid=1063210006 
Kung walang pakealamanan ang gusto nyo dahil " MATURITY " ang tawag niyo doon , SIGE ! Why Not !!! Edi mas mabuti pa para wala ng problema !!! 
I hope so . =) 
Why do you have to be always right ? I should have listened to you ... Thank you . Now i learned my lessons the hard way ... :( 
is cultivating patience . 
If you say something and really mean in but this person whom you told doesn't believe you ... then don't mean it . Better do it with someone who appreciates you . 
Nhof L . Bacquian I still love you and I probably will love you for a very long time . But I can't just be your buddy , because as much as i enjoy the concept of being " just friends " in reality it's a bizarre form of torture and i'm just not willing to participate in it . so right now what i wanna do is just move on and get over you and the only way for me to do that is to not be around you anymore . 
Broken mirror , a million shades of light , the old echo fades away ... 
It's my greatest mistake . 
It's a damn cold night ! 
When confidence is betrayed , something fine and beautiful dies . Like a broken mirror , it becomes almost impossible to patch it up again . 
Weh ! FAIL !. 
Oo na lahat na mag fail ... Wag lang ung grades at ung drawing sa histo 
Can't sleep so i might as well read . 
|sO tired and so drained . I neEd to sLeEp . Don't disturb m0de . 
Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! 
Hey Soul Sister ! 
You can't conceal your tears with laughter . 
I always thought that love can change things . But from what happened ... I don't want to believe in it anymore . 
Is still cultivating patience ... 
Ayos ! :) 
But darling you are the only exception . 
Drawing mode 
And ayiyaiyam in Love and ayiyaiyam Terrified . 
-LSS 
Finally it's over . :) Yes ! Thank God it's finally over . 
