is still sleepy but insistent on reading her new book ... 
is headphone-hunting ... 
is relaxing ... 
really doesn't want to go to school tomorrow , considering her screwy head and constant sneezing . 
is pining for those boots . COME TO ME BOOTS ! COME TO ME ! 
has an aching vaccination arm 
is pondering if she should go for multicultural day tomorrow . Or sleep in . :D 
just ate dinner . Oh yum . 
is going out to 54 for dinner . Where is that ??? 
is it me , or is there absolutely NO SUN outside right now ? OH YIPPIE ! 
thinks she's falliing sick what with Lauren being sick , and Jacii happily coughing in her face and all . What a good thing eh ? 
learned how to play Come Away With Me on the guitar ! 
hates Subject Selection . 
is dying for a mocha java chip frappuccino .. 
just got out of bed again . 
is singing on really loudly , albeit off-tunely , to Train by 3 Doors Down .. 
so happy that the week is ending ... 
is off to the city . Toodles ... 
wants you to fall off a cliff . :D 
is off to castle towers ! 
is back from the city armed with a new book , a new scarf , a coffee , good food , sore feet , wet hair , AND about 60 dollars poorer ... But still elated about it . :D 
needs food . Desperately . 
leaving for Subject Selection night WITH the right earphones . :D 
is watching Frost Nixon . 
gonna take a nap before studying .... 
is so very sleepy ... 
is dreaming of oysters .... 
is on a music-loading spree .... 
is watching La Vie En Rose . 
is off to Parramatta and sweet , sweet lunch ! 
To all my dear friends suffering through O's: You have survived one day . Just another whole ton to go . Good luck for all your exams , and know that I'll be praying and rooting for you . :D Love ya loads . 
is off to watch Transformers and pine for her boots , right after she finishes her Mocha Java Chip frappucino of course ! 
burnt her arm on the stove . Luckily it was only a little one ... 
watching Interview With The Vampire ... 
just fell in love with the most gorgeous pair of boots she's ever laid her eyes on - AND SHE WILL BUY IT ! 
rushing off to catch the bus ! 
has a smoking and broken hairdryer . Seriously . :D 
is so going to be late for Aimee's party ! SORRY ! 
does not want to leave the very warm comforts of her bed for the horrid paren t-t eacher night ... 
is really not going to dress up for Aimee's party ... 
managed to put BBQ sauce on her chip without spilling it over onto Megan's bed ! :D 
is off to the city !!! :D 
is pigging out on prawn crackers , blasting loud music , and playing random games .... 
is sleepy as ever , but still has to finish preparing for English ! 
feels horribly ill . 
is going to bed early with a throbbing headache . 
loves her new ( but expensive ) boots . 
really really needs a new hairdryer ! This one's scaring her with all the puttering and smoke ! 
is shocked that supernatural's MA15+ !!! 
is going mushroom-picking . No , I'm serious . Mushroom-picking !!! 
is shocked at how cold it is outside , 
wondering what week this is ... 
should not have been messing around with that bottle of Chanel perfume her mother packed and provoked her brother , causing him to spray too mcuh of the aforementioned perfume on her . EEEK . Sensory overload ! 
going out to NEWTOWN to watch COCO AVANT CHANEL with Megan ! WHOOT 
really needs a study buddy . 
does not look forward to school today . 
is ecstatic . 
loves those darlings that helped her proofread her points for her essay . THANK YOU MY DEAR RADDY AND RONALD . :D 
has new boots ! 
is watching THE DARK KNIGHT . AGAIN . 
wants MEGAN AND AMANDA to know that we're watching COCO AVANT CHANEL at 10am at NEWTOWN . You have to get to my place before 8.30 , since we have to leave then . Reply as soon as possible ! 
regained her love for Marilyn Manson's songs as study motivational music . :D 
desperately needs someone to proof-read her points for tomorrow's essay !!! ( preferably NOT someone who is doing the same book as I am ... ) 
smells raspberries . 
is not going to have enough sleep .... 
is going to have dinner . :D 
is really really really sickening up . Completely dizzy , words spinning on screen . Off with my meds and bed . :D 
is ready to kick some butt in the Mockingbird essay , thanks to darling rad ! 
simply cannot understand why people keep missing the H in her name . THERE IS A ' H ' PEOPLE . A H ! 
really hasn't studied for ANYTHING - so screwed ! 
is listening to Lisa Gerrard on repeat . Really loud . 
is tormenting Megan at her place ! :D 
is so very glad the Mockingbird essay is over ... :D 
just ate some ANZAC bicuits her brother made after a long nap . HOLY SHITE THAT KID CAN COOK . 
is tired after 6 days of non-stop shopping in Singapore . Almost back in Sydney ! 
wonders if she should go to Tara's party later . 
is so so so excited . A few more hours , and SINGAPORE HERE I COME ! 
hates housework . 
composed something new . :D 
is off to another holiday in Singapore . Looking forward to seeing all my darlings again ! :D Back in a week , Sydney ! 
IS STUNNED AT THE FACT THAT HER DAD GOT HER AN ELECTRIC PIANO WHILE SHE WAS AWAY IN SINGAPORE . OH MY EFFING SHITE . 
is happy happy happy that some gorgeous singaporeans DID respond to her plea for going out in the next week . Now if she starts feeling better ..... 
is annoyed at how the albums she uploaded to her desktop yesterday have mysteriously disappeared . 
wondering if you have to wear school uniform to parent teacher thing . No right ? 
loves RocknRolla . 
is sad that she won't touch another piano/ keyboard for another 2 weeks ! 
will be failing the topic test on evolution . 
is crossing her fingers while lying on the very very comfortable couch that her fever would go down . 
can't believe that darling DAFFY DUCKY is on MSN at the same time as her so she's making the most of the time . MISS YOU DUCK ! 
should stop doing so many of those quizzes on facebook and get started on her assignments before the busybusybusy weekend comes along . 
needs chocolate . Desperately . 
is half-dead . 
apologises greatly to all her friends in Australia for finishing the ' souvenirs ' - She bought a whole ton of sweets to give , but it seems like they all found their way into her stomach ! 
is suprised at how time flies when you're having fun on the piano .... 
is wondering if she should bring her boots to singapore , or WEAR them ? 
is freaking out over the 101 things she must have forgotten ! 
is movie-marathoning tonight before it's off to the airport tomorrow - Female Fighters ( the French film ! ) , Underworld & Journey To the Centre of the Earth . Oh what shall we do without foreign films ! 
is thinking if bringing three cameras is a little over-excessive ..... Even if one is for the three rolls of flm for school ! 
loves Kimmo for introducing her to Sticky sweets . How about a deal , Kim ? SEND ME SWEETS I'LL SEND YOU MAGS ! 
has greatly overdosed on panadols . 
just wants tomorrow to come already . 
is dreaming of sun , sand and sea ... 
hates waking up in mornings . 
really needs to get started on holiday homework ... 
made pizza with an overexcessive amount of cheese , mushrooms & salami .... God it's amazing ! 
is catching up episodes of Burn Notice instead of studying like she's supposed to ... 
is so dead since she overslept . 
is going to the city in about 15 minutes ! OFF TO TAKE A SHOWER ! :D OH I LOVE THE CITY ! 
is off to La Perose ! :D 
has another humongous headache . 
is going off early early EARLY in the morning to Port Bothany . :D 
wants you to scream if you're failing math tomorrow . ( I know I am ! ) 
is going on yet another TV series marathon . 
is cooking noodles ... 
watching NCIS . 
has a horrible headache , a high fever , and incessant coughing fits . 
is watching True Blood again . 
is crazily tired but is still happy she got her internet connection back ! 
needs to stop watching incessant True Blood episodes . 
regrets going shopping yesterday . The pain of losing money just got to her . 
so damn sleepy 
is so very happy that the week is ending ... 
still has a throbbing headache . How long can a headache last anyway ? This is been ridiculously long ! 
is desperate for answers to question three in the science assignment . You know , that one on how speed measuring devices have impacted on science ? 
wishes that those damn videos would stop LAGGING ! 
really ate too much . 
is watching Cabaret while doing her irritating English homework ... 
is so tired after gallavanting around Sydney showing Dennis around ... 
is still watching supernatural . 
absolutely detests the fact that her access to internet only stretches to an hour a day . Despicable . 
is amazed at how her mum managed to spill sauce all over her gorgeous new gym hoodie . NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
is getting dressed for the flight ... 
is fucked . 
cannot believe that her coffee supply has dwindled down to nil ! My god how is any work gonna be done now ? 
just watched 5 freaking back-to-back episodes of True Blood ... Now dead tired ! 
has a horrid writer's block . She is going to fail the essay . Monumental , epic fail . 
is shocked at just how much work she has not done . My god , she's screwed . 
wants MEGAN AND MANDA to know that the closest places to watch Coco Avant Chanel on Sat is at DENDY NEWTOWN at 10am or 2.15 , or at BONDI JUNCTION at 12.40 . :D The one at entertainment quarter is now off . :( So my mum's asking if you want to go shopping in 
Just brushed my teeth in the kitchen sink . Stupid toilet sink is clogged up again by the brother's hair gel . 
is at Megan's party with Parmooney . And clyde ( who rhea thinks is gay ) . And Rhea . And a whole ton of people . 
Just woke up from a 4 hour-long nap . Doubt I'll get to sleep tonight ! 
Let's go jump off cliffs together ! 
just watched a fly on a suicide mission - it buzzed around , then dived into my tea , where it happily drowned . :D What a positive fly . 
Anyone has sleep meds ? 
knows she should be studying ... But is really distracted ! 
is at Starbucks with a delish Vanilla Latte . :D 
feels drunk . 
should be off to bed - but really , who knew sucking at bejewelled could be so addictive ? 
Two panadols and three cups of chamomile and spearmint tea ... A lifesaver . 
Someone give me a wake-up call at 5am - gotta take my meds .... Until then , good night ! 
wonders if anyone else wants to go surfing with me and Janaki in the hols . * Hint hint Megan and Manda ! * 
is dying since season two of True Blood is ending on September 13th ! 
wonders if anyone can see sun/ blue sky from their windows ... 
wonder if it's really a sad show of her life if she's watching Buffy re-runs . 
Drinking Green tea since 5 . Did you know that tea really keeps you awake ? Not to mention , horribly grumpy . 
is so effing screwed . When is the health/ commerce assignment due ????? 
still has fuckingly painful cramps . 
is so tired , she could fall asleep standing . Nights folks . 
needs to get out of this house . 
is happy she finally found a link to True Blood which works . :D And my feet smell nice .... Completely unrelated of course . Not that I normally sniff my feet . 
Head thumping - feels like I've got a hangover without the drinking ... 
has no idea how the eff to write a resume . 
loves Death Race ... :D 
is elated at just watching Johnny Depp and Christian Bale in PUBLIC ENEMIES . :D 
is in her gorgeous GYM HOODIE while pigging out on brownies her brother made ... 
Regret burning geography assignment sheet .... What were the questions again ? 
Truthfully ? Sleep really doesn't come as easy as one may like . 
should be going to bed but is watching back episodes of True Blood . Will definitely be panda-eyed and crabby tomorrow . Watch out ... 
Watching her slowly-blackening geography assignment sheet play with pretty flames . 
Lee Cheng Yi needs to talk with me more often . :D 
really really really needs to sleep . 
is watching The Bank Job . 
hears her bed calling . Sleep and think no more . 
Thank you Kim . I would be imploding if not for you . 
is off to sad sad schoool again ... 
Dead on my feet . Having hot chocolate and then off to bed I go . 
will die if True Blood doesn't finish loading before her internet connection gets cut off again . 
seems to have developed an addiction to tea .... That is not good ! 
finally going off to sleep . 
Black sposts flashing . Quite very distracting . Now i feel sick . 
wonders if it matters that your poster is the ugliest creation in the entire universe . 
hates how her stupid phone simply refuses to connect with the computers . Note the freaking plural ! 
watching Dollhouse . 
Absolutely stunned at how many immature comments one can cram into one of Clyde's far and few status updates . :D 
Hilarious rove ... :D 
is going out for yet another coffee run . 
contemplating staying at home tomorrow . 
just has the damn Geog poster left to do ! COME ON COME ON COME ON ! 
is having a Pirates of the Caribbean marathon . Wasn't there one just last month ? Hmm . Don't recall actually ! :D 
singing along to the Phantom of the Opera Soundtrack . :D 
would really like someone to send me notes for the History PM stuff . 
is off to Paren t-t eacher interviews . Toodle-doo ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO Brenda Lau ! :D Finally finished geog , and ran out of ink ... 
So over it . 
spotted the fugliest headband in the entire universe . 
Bon voyage Manda ! Stay safe and see you in two weeks ! 
Sugar overload . 
watching Death Race . 
Off to take a shower ... Maybe that would ease my effed-up head ! 
is reminiscing over previous ( gay ) childhood shows . 
played in the rain and is now coming down with the mother of all colds . 
Head pounding - seems like geography is not conducive to my personal health and welfare . 
cannot believe she's up so early . 
MADE A PERFECT OMELETTE ! 
Clare Bowditch released a new album . WHOOT ! 
has a stupid phone which keeps running out of battery and dying on her in the middle of conversations . 
is wondering what are the plans for tomorrow ... 
It seems like things always stay the same , no matter where you are , or how old you get . 
has frozen feet , a burning mouth and is wet . Very very annoyingly wet . 
wonders if anyone is free this thurs ... Stupid power cut or something so let's go out . :D 
is completely broke . 
Stop with the Russian gibberish , Dostoyevsky . I may love your writing but I hate the damn names you PICK ! 
My current profile picture is NOT one of me and a boyfriend/ god-knows-what-people-came-up-with . It's my GRANDMOTHER . Oh for christ's sake . 
Vampire Diaries . They freaking made it into a TV series . Can you see my head spinning ? Unbelievable . People are really desperate on the vampire bandwagon , eh ? 
Things look so much better in the morning . Oh wait , that's just the coffee talking . 
needs to untangle her hair which has now become a rat's nest . 
can't sleep . 
simply does not understand Geography . 
is happy her internet connection has not shut down . :D 
First the dust storm , now the earthquakes . What next ? 
Even with the air-conditioner blaring , it's still too hot ! 
Okay . Deliberation - shall i wake up uber early to watch my already-loaded True Blood final episode * sobs * and sleep early , or watch it now and go to bed late ? 
Busy day tomorrow - Bruncheon with the ' rents + weird family friends , Shopping , WICKED !!!, Dinner with the peeps .... And absolutely NO STUDYING . Guilt be damned . 
wonders if she should start bringing a camera around when with certain people just to document their insane actions . 
Have you seen the sky outside ? And I'm cooped up in the house - lost the house keys , can't get out . 
Manda , Mel & Bhavisha are my therapists . Thanks for everything today . Really glad to know you're there . :D 
just got informed that she will be , in fact , not going away for the timespan of the formal and graduation , but will be stuck in Sydney until Christmas . Devastating . 
thinks her laptop's fan just stopped working . Effing hell . 
just thought of something - is anyone doing those really complicated properly accredited bilbiographies for geog ? Or just list it out and heck it ? 
thinks facebook is too effing addictive . 
is getting paper balls chucked at her face . Thank you my silly brother . And in other news , Amanda Lu is back ! :D 
wonders if anyone wants to print her overdue photography stuff out for her ... :D 
popped more pills and is off to happy sleepy silent lala-land ... Hmmm .. The walls spin . Interesting development . 
bought Brenda Lau her birthday present . :D And a present for myself of course - love Camille's Le Fil . 
wishes good luck to everyone doing the nightmarish science assignment ! :D 
Amanda Lu & iloveamandalu'ssketches have new sketches up . :D Check them out and LIKE . :D 
is absolutely estactic that exams are over . 
is just tired of everything . 
hates English . Really . 
cannot believe Megan didn't notice it hailed . 
would really like an alarm clock . 
finally composed something vaguely reasonable . 
can't get the season finale of True Blood streaming to work ! WHY WON'T YOU WORK ! COME ON !!!! 
dearly wishes that the people she wants to talk to most would simply pick up their damn phones - it's a long distance call for christ's sake ! 
smashed her own hand in between a door . That really hurt . 
Pigging out on chocolate fudge cookies - such a fattening idea really . 
Headache . Still haven't begun geog . Need desperate ideas . Anyone ? 
Heck math , Sharon Chan ! I believe in you , and I'm sure you'll do great for the rest of your O's! Keep studying and good luck ! :D 
has gone nursery rhyme crazy . :D 
wants to go to BDO but really needs money to do so ... :( That's it ! I want money for my birthday . Don't forget . MONEY . :D 
will see you guys on Friday the 16th . Don't be late , and really , the ideal gift is money . :D 
just got home from dinner with little kids running around and yanking on her shirt , leaving sticky oily handprints on that poor white shirt . 
watching the ' Echelon Conspiracy ' . Really fascinating stuff ... 
is yawning so often , it's hard to imagine actually getting to school and staying awake . 
squished a cockroach and now has bug guts on the ground . Ickiness . 
spent practically the entire day at Beeeeeeee's! ( Bhavisha Thanki's that is ... ) :D And guess what ? YOU weren't there ! 
watching GOSSIP GIRL . 
went out to dinner with her parents - dinner which lasted practically 4 hours + dessert . I would say it's due to the trick-or-treaters with the lack of sugar-filled candies in the house and the incessant bell-ringing ... 
completely unable to sleep . Oh fuck , going to be yawning and deadly annoyed tomorrow ... 
hopes tomorrow never comes . 
Whatever you said before was a lie , and I'm sorry , but it's over . 
is so tired of her damn tan lines . 
Oh for fuck's sake ! If I'm on facebook , why would I be studying ! Besides it's fucking hot , so just accept that I'M NOT STUDYING ! 
is dreading school . 
found a worm inside one of her grapes she was about to bite into . Feeling horribly sick now ... 
still can't seem to get her mind around the fact that she can just laze around on the couch eating chips without guil t-t rips ... 
really doesn't feel up to school tomorrow without a frappucino ... :D 
is tired of yawning . Off to bed ... Someone give me a wake up call please ... :D 
is categorising her books to go into the BURN pile , and the SHRED pile . :D 
Whoever said you needed drugs/ alcohol to get high , you have clearly not met me being me on a daily basis . :D 
is waiting for the weekend . 
If you're deluded enough to think that you are a friend , just take a step back , and look again . Truthfully , you're a bitch and it's time you stopped denying it and faced the truth . 
overdosed on panadols but still has a crazy headache . 
I HATE SPRING . Or actually make that summer . I swear I need a fan so badly , that I almost wished I got one for my birthday . Almost . :D 
WICKED WAS , IS , CRAZILY AMAZINGLY GOOD . Odelia Tng let's watch it together next month . So worth it ... 
STOP TRYING TO GET ME TO COME TO SCHOOL TOMORROW ! I'LL COME IF I FEEL LIKE IT ! 
I know this is late , but HAPPY BIRTHDAY Denise Eng ! 
Stupid-as-hell brothers who smash your chin with their guitars deserved to be punched don't you think ? 
Peer-Support tomorrow - I feel a headache coming on ...... 
needs a lift to school tomorrow ..... Oh and Brenda Lau , are you coming over in the morn ? 
is boiling up in her room since her air conditioning system won't cooperate ! 
finally finished studying for Geog and Hist & now has three blisters on her poor right hand . That's it , everything's going to BURN for that . BURNNNNNN ! 
is running out of candy canes .... :( I NEED CANDY CANES ! 
needs more money ... :( 
has had a great day , so thank you people for the birthday wishes and the presents . :D 
is having dinner at home on a Saturday night for the first time in about 4 months . Revolutionary . 
has new furniture . :D 
Isn't it freaky-deaky when all the ' blockbusters ' that are showing on TV right now happen to be all blockbusters that you own ? Or maybe it's just because I have a crazy DVD collection . Yeah , probably that . 
promised her mum that she would stay off facebook and stop watching movies until exams are over . Then why the hell am I still doing here ? 
6 days to freedom . 5 days to study . 4 days to cram . 3 days to stress . 2 days to ponder . 1 day to sleep . Damn . Why can't we skip to next wednesday ! 
hates having a cold and a stuffed nose . 
really enjoyed formal and Laureane Etienne-Walsh's sleepover . :D Downside - swollen blistered feet . 
" Only the strongest will survive/ Lead me to heaven when we die/ I am the shadow on the wall/ I'll be the one to save us all . " 
Peeeeoooopleeeee - Parra tomorrow . Who's coming ? Btw , Rosa Bui , since you aren't picking up , can you give me a call asap ? 
hates limits . 
Guess who got a Fender Strat ?! :D 
Happy Birthday to my little kid brother , Aloysius Lee . ( for tomorrow anyways . ) Always love ya . :D 
Someone give me a wake-up call at 5 . :D 
" Wake me up before you go-go , don't leave me hanging on like a yo-yo . Wake me up before you go-go , I don't wanna miss it when you hit that highhhhh ... " 
MOVIE MARATHON - Chocolat , House of Wax , Nightmare on Elm Street ... :D 
is so tired of Megan's laggng laptop , but still using it nonetheless ! i 
is just going to leave the school cert to luck . 
is watching The Haunting in Connecticut while eating tiramisu that she helped to make . :D 
" Love of mine someday you will die , But I’ll be close behind and I’ll follow you into the dark ... If there’s no one beside you when your soul embarks , Then I’ll follow you into the dark " - Death Cab for Cutie 
is wondering if she should do the photography 2U course ... 
Starting ridiculous rumours about my friends isn't a very smart thing to do . When I find out who you are , kiss your sorry ass goodbye . 
" It's the end , here today . But I will build a new beginning . Take some time , find a place . And I will start my own religion . As the day divides the night , here we are searching for a sign ... " - 30 Seconds to Mars 
somehow does not feel tired despite the lack of sleep she's been getting the past few days ... 
is sleepy again ... 
loves air conditioning . :D 
noticed that her window is completely misted up ! 
" It's murder on the dance floor ..... " 
" I'm dreaming of a cold christmas ... " 
Things never work out . Ever . 
THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE CHRISTMAS ! WHAT WOULD I DO WITHOUT YOU ! 
has gone injury-free for TWO WHOLE DAYS ! 
is eating a chicken and mushroom pie as fast as possible - it's almost time to leave for the airport ! 
is having coughing fits ... 
has such a packed schedule for the weekend . Or for the holidays really ! 
When everything seems perfect again , that's when it all falls apart . 
I think I'm coming down with a cold . 
Sometimes , I just wish things were simple again . No more drama , no more cliques - everyone just sitting together , happy . 
Towers tomorrow . Who's with me ? :D 
had Megan Almeida over today , misses Marilee Du Plessis and Bhavisha Thanki , and will be flying off to helmet-dive tomorrow . Adios ! 
is at Megan's yet again , waiting for Megan Almeida to inevitably say something stupid . 
is watching Glee . :D 
is dead tired and horribly carsick . 
cannot wait for the next episode of true blood ! 
is so utterly tired that tired doesn't even begin to describe how tired she is . 
is singing along , crazily loudly , to Old Yellow Bricks ... 
Beach on the 6th ? Who's still in for it ? 
has helmet-dived , snorkled AND scuba-dived today . Don't you just love Cairns ? :D 
Boo . Amanda Lu won't stop pressuring me ... :D 
learnt to play a new song , cut her nails , watched tons of movies , went shopping , bought a guitar , had cake , celebrated her bro's birthday , had coffee and is definitely contented . 
spends way too much time learning new songs on her piano - so much time it's crazy . 
is at Megan Almeida's wreaking havoc with Amanda Lu , going off to Tasa Agu's for her pool party and marvellous food , and Singaporean peeps , GOOD LUCK FOR YOUR O'S RESULTS TODAY !!!! :D 
Apologies for not calling . :( Kill me Lee Cheng Yi and Min Yee ... 
is eating toast and contemplating what clothes she should bring to singapore .... Can you believe she's leaving tomorrow and she hasn't packed ANYTHING ? 
is desperate to get to sleep . Will try any sleep remedy suggested . Until suggestions pour in , she shall go take some sleepy meds to sleep . Nighty-nights and HAPPY BIRTHDAY MEGAN ! 
finally got Marilee Du Plessis ' postcard from Prague !!! :D Glad you're back Lauren Hampson and Bhavisha Thanki , come baack soon ! 
Studying for her license ... :D 
Counting sheep only works if you actually can picture the damn sheep jumping the fence . 
needs to stop watching so many TV series . 
Migrane coming on . Videos won't load . Stuffed up commerce . No coffee in system . Needs caffeine bad . 
cannot believe that he just did that . Oh for fudge's sake ! 
Off to bed to settle that headache . I blame you Megan Almeida for the lack of Gilmore Girls . 
needs a new life . This weekend has been the worst . Thanks Brenda Lau , Amanda Lu and you-know-who for being there when i need you to be . Love you guys loads . 
Suddenly , my entire live feed is spammed with messages relating to Federer's victory at Aus Open . :D Oh , and YEAH FEDERER !!! 
is extremely pleased with herself . 
just woke Amanda Lu from a deep sleep . ( just shush Manda ... ) 
wonders if Justine Lai , Rosa Bui and Josephine Lenton can come with me and Brenda Lau to parra on thurs . 
really gave in to the urge to facebook and watch Gossip Girl instead of doing some much-needed studying ... 
" Old yellow bricks/ Love's a risk/ quite the little Escapoligist " 
Jacii Gale , feel better darling . It'll work out . 
has given up on any hope of studying , and thus any hope of actually doing well tomorrow , in the hope that perhaps her notes AND her science book won't be burnt in the next 10 seconds . 
has got the hiccups . I blame the caffeine deficiency . * HIC * 
is singing along to Disney songs . Oh god that's a nightmare . 
Why is it that some things you wish would change never change , and others change in a blink ? 
Tired . Very tired . Needs more sleep . Morning , early morning = BAD . 
Off to bed . If I don't get more than 9 hours of sleep tonight , watch me try to murder a certain someone tomorrow . Bonne nuit ! 
wished upon a falling star that things'll be alright . 
Megan Almeida , if you go to my concert , I shall go to yours . Deal ? 
is hoping , wishing , that it'll be a nice , unsunny & windy day tomorrow . 
" Liar , Liar , if we're keeping score . Then we're all choir boys at best ( intensive & arrogant ) " -Taking Back Sunday ' Liar Liar ' 
Finally got past the damn Delta level on COD 4 . :D That's right . I'm playing a two player game , all by myself . If that's not talent , what is ? 
Hanging out at Megan Almeida's for Nayomi's informal birthday party with Josephine Lenton , Joann and the long-awaited Amanda Lu . And ooooh , Pizza's hereee ! :D 
has been high since morning . 
is at Megan Almeida ( yet again ) at an unholy hour . Thank god for the great weather todday ! 
watched a bird try to make away with her neighbour's bra on the line . Luckily i chased away that pervert . :D 
has at least 12 mozzie bites all over in just under 2 minutes ! 
Go fuck yourself dickhead . 
Is it even humanely possible to sleep for 14 hours straight when not in a coma ? 
stuck at home while Amanda Palmer performs tonight at the Opera House . :( What brutal irony . 
Stop telling me things I already know , and stop asking me things I don't want you to know . 
Nosy pricks . I still don't see how it's a big deal . 
Cheating on melancholy with depression , what an improvement . 
needs hairstyle ideas for formal . ASAP . 
Damn , I need the next season of True Blood . I'm a true-blood junkie and I NEED MY FIX . 
had a great time at the city for the Red Cross Blood Drive with Marilee Du Plessis & A HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO Lauren Hampson !!! 
is going back to Singapore on the 28th of March . Shopping and coffee , Kimberly Ardelle T'ng , Min Yee , Lee Cheng Yi , Jing Yi Lee , Wen Yi Lim & Daphne Shih 
cannot sleep . Damn you insomia ! 
One sheepy , two sheepy , three sheepy , four sheepy , five sheepy ... I hate sheeps . Why must people count sheep ? Why can't they simply count cows or dogs , or even ants ? 
Brenda Lau is amazing simply because she is willing to go get coffee for me early in the morning . Oh , coffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ....... 
Why is it that whenever I need to get tickets to a concert , I happen to be absolutely broke ? It's entirely too depressing . 
watched cockroaches fall from cracks above the stove . Oddly fascinating that . And then saw them getting squished , or poisoned . That's the best part . 
Watching English rehearsals at Megan Almeida's . Oh Aimee E . Tanner , Josephine Lenton , why did you pick Megan and Peter ? 
hates Math . 
misses Bhavisha Bee Thanki , Brenda Lau , Amanda Lu , Megan Almeida and the rest of the freaks . :( And THANKS Kimberly Ardelle T'ng for the book ( you better be free for dinner tonight ) . Now off to see Nyx Ng and Jiayu ... 
has become completely nocturnal . Bed in the noon , chats in the night . That's the way it should be . 
Watching Daybreakers . :D 
Josephine Lenton , Megan Almeida , Brenda Lau . There's no good movies on this week ... So you still want to hang out on Sunday ? Lunch , window shopping , then just chill ? 
is taking the notion of shopping til you drop to the limit . Guess who managed to blow over 300 bucks so far on shopping ? Can't wait to meet the gymies ( Lee Cheng Yi , Nicole Kuek Min Yee , Denise Eng etc ) later and Kimberly Ardelle T'ng tommorrow ! <3 
hates stupid bugs that come out in summer . 
Listening to my brother talk about how awesome he is with the ladies . * points gun at head and shoots * 
Isn't it odd finding out that someone actually thinks that you're nice ? Isn't it odder finding out that there's more than one someone that thinks that ? What's wrong with those people ? Get off the drugs , man . :D 
couldn't be bothered to step into the shower and sat in the pouring rain until it went away . 
How do you make a decision about your future , when you cant even make a decision on what to have for lunch ? 
Watched the sunrise . :D 
Fuck you , alright ? You started this whole shit , so don't just push it on me . Get over yourself , you man-whore . 
Over at Megan Almeida's again , and leaving for LA and San Fran tomorrow ! :D 
Rocking out with Aloysius Lee . :D I bet the neighbours are pissed . 
My shirts smell like lynx . I hate mix-up laundry day . :( 
Does anyone wanna go shopping tomorrow ? I'm thinking city ... and shoes ... :D 
Is anyone doing their English essay ? :D I need answers .... ASAP . 
Hmm . Seems like i overslept for school yet again ... 
Torturing Megan Almeida is my passion . :D 
will be in Singapore on Sunday 28th til Mon 5th . 
really really really really really wants to go back to Singapore right now . Someone buy me a ticket ! 
OMFG !!! Marilee Du Plessis , Laureane Etienne-Walsh & Jacii Gale !!!! 30 SECONDS TO MARS TOMORROW EVENING !! :D 
HATES ECONOMICS SO DAMN EFFING MUCH . 
is Megan Almeida's getting new music . 
Spent the last hour trying to swat this really irritating fly that keeps trying to land on my nose . 
is attempting to help Nathan Almeida with math , and failing miserably . Maybe I should retake year 4 math . :( 
Josephine Lenton , Brenda Lau , Scarlett Franks , Amanda Lu , Marilee Du Plessis , Megan Almeida - BEACH NEXT WEEK ? :D Preferably wednesday or thursday ? 
was up for 37 hours without sleeping . :D Boo-yah . 
is done being stupid . 
So tired but can't fall asleep ... 
Boxing day sales ! :) off to the city I shall go ... 
had a nap . 
so over christmas . 
is crazy psyched about 30 SECONDS TO MARS ON JULY 30 . How about my dear pals Laureane Etienne-Walsh , Aimee E . Tanner & Marilee Du Plessis ? 
can't wait for this freaking year to end already . Goodbye 2010 , and good riddance . 
To my dearest little brother , Aloysius Lee : How can anyone be so stupid and destroy so many phones by drowning them ? Do you ever learn ? :D Love , your sister . 
GODFATHER II , courtesy of my lil bro ... :D My fedora-ed dude is kicking ass . :D 
Stargazing .... 
Thank god the year's ending . 
It's been three days since we last talked , and still I miss you . 
Exhausted from the beach today with Megan Almeida , Brenda Lau & Amanda Lu under the bright bright sun . ( That's right , it was SUNNY at cronulla . :D ) 
I just realised that for the past week and a half , I haven't drank a sip of water . Just soda and coffee . That's really bad , right ? 
has packed her bag so completely full for camp that she doubts that even socks can fit . :D 
officially has more than 20 000 songs . Megan Almeida , we need that party right about now ! 
" In this nature show that rages every day/ It was then he heard his intuition say/ we were all basically alone . " 
so tired from Bondi with Brenda Lau , Amanda Lu & Megan Almeida . 
has a blocked nose and a sore throat . Anyone has butter menthols ? 
7 assignments/ assessments down , one to go ! :D 
The lady doth protest too much , methinks . 
Why is it that deciding to visit the Sydney University Library ends up in a long walk from Redfern to Town Hall ? Why , Synthura Sandrasegaran and Gloria Cho , why ? 
Hacked into my own network ! Hello facebook ! I'm officially back ! 
So much fun when the little kids are over . :D 
just crawled out of bed . 
Stay strong honey . :D I'm super proud of you . 
Finally finished the English presentation . Anyone know what's on TV tonight ? 
Spent the last three hours practically screaming . Thank you for the throat cancer little brother . 
Die modern history , DIE ! 
is wondering if anyone , and i mean ANYONE , is interested in a role in my ext-eng film . 
Dogs are really jumpy , aren't they ? Every firework , every loud noise and they start barking ... 
Smashed on both sides of the head = massive migrane = unable to sleep = overdose of panadol . 
The sun ! IT BURNS , IT BURNS ! AHHHHHHH ! 
watching Sweeney Todd for what must be the 800th time . :D 
Whack me over the head and things will get better . 
Just watched Sanctum ( the movie ) at the Entertainment Quarter . It was abso-fucking-lutely stupendously amazing . 
Chocolate , coffee , cointreau . :D 
can smell her mum cooking Thai curry ... God I'm hungry ! 
really needs to get away . 
got her L's after almost 9 months of turning 16 . :D 
Insomia ... 
Insane day of walking from Redfern , to Sydney Uni , to Newtown , to Market City , to Pitt/ George St with Megan Almeida and Brenda Lau . Exhausted . :D 
clearly isn't very good at singing , or guitar , or playing the piano . So what should she do for her music assessment ? WHAT TO DO ??? 
Fever . Headache . I think I'm getting the start-of-school-sickness . Fuck . 
really does have an obsession with Franz Ferdinand . :D 
Check out the full mooooooooooooon ! If that's not gothic , I don't know what is . 
I bet even if I get run over by a car tomorrow I would be resurrected just to present extension english . THERE IS NO ESCAPE . Courtney Paul West , Laurie-Anne Hudson , Scarlett Franks , Gloria Cho 
You would think that after two long days at the beach one would get a tan , but it seems I cannot tan . Hmmm , maybe it's the low iron levels ... 
Shontelle Blount , doesn't Jake Gyllenhaal look a bit like Jared Leto in Prince of Persia ? 
Step one to getting rid of your annoying little brother : When he asks you to google up pictures of his latest obsession ( some almost-naked actress ) , you show him pictures of hot shirtless guys instead . :D 
Celebrate Bhavisha Bee Thanki , for I've finally decided to drop Biology . Goodbye 14 units , hello free period ! 
Too sick to go to school tomorrow . 
Shoot me in the head . 
Psychoanalytical readings of Dracula = ?!?!?!?! 
The zinc scribbles on my arms and legs won't come off . 
Megan Almeida . We need to find me some pants . Legwarmers and short shorts really don't help in this weather ! 
" Come fly with me , let's fly let's fly away .... " - Frank Sinatra 
I'm tired of you . I'm tired of your fucking face . I'm tired of your vindictive lies . I'm tired of your very existence . Make your excuses as you will , but that doesn't change that you're nothing but a hopeless , soulless rancourous bitch . 
is obsessed with Ray Lamontagne ! ? 
? Scarlett Franks :D 
Attempting to study for the L's . It makes no sense . It's all gibberish . God , I shouldn't be on the roads ! 
Digitus Impudicus . 
never realised just how addictive eucalypt menthol chewy candy thingies are - just finished an entire bag ! 
Watching my brother use a chainsaw . If that's not disturbing , what is ? 
A month since I last talked to you , and damn , I miss you . 
just watched my brother nibble , lick AND bite a crumpet with MOLD on it . Disgusting ! 
Facebook chat on a blackberry is heaps cool . :) 
wishes it would just rain already . 
Insomnia kicks ass . 
Odelia Tng . Stop telling me how many words you have left to delete from your essay . :( I get the point . You're awesome . 
On the phone with Brenda Lau . Again . :D 
My throat kills . How does one give a speech with a sore throat ? 
My feet are crumbling under the pressure of 16-cm heels over crazy long distances . 
went ballistic on Dance Central . Oh yeah . :D 
Pulling an all-nighter since that's the only way any extension english work's gonna get done . 
Just got two new piercings ! :D 
sleepy . sleepy . sleepy . sleepy . sleepy . 
Stop telling me to delete my status Brenda Lau ! And before you say fuck me , fuck you ! 
Thank you , Odelia Tng . 
I need sleep . :( 
Success ! To piss off my brother to the point where he is speechless and resorts to pouring soda on my head . :D Now to just wash the soda out ... 
Scarlett Franks is overrrrr . :D 
Fuck boys 
<3 the awesome Scarlett Franks . 
DJOKOVIC WON ! :D YEAH ! 
It's so fudging hot ! 
Cold showers are awesome . :D 
Why is it that a cast starts an itch just when you wrap it up all nice with plastic and stepped into the shower ? Now that stupid cast is wet . Bad cast . 
lying on the deck and chucking pebbles at pigeons . :D 
<3 Gloria Cho for the encouraging phone call . :D 
Two days of shopping really wears out a person ... Tomorrow will make three ! 
loves the sound of the thundering rain . 
Red frogs addict . 
went sailing , shopping and slept 15 hours . Best weekend ever . :D Btw : BLOOD DRIVE INFORMATION IS UP ! 
Best . School . Outing . Ever . :D 
Slept 14 hours . :D again . 
There's nothing to do tonight . 
walked all around the city in platforms and now has sore feet . 
Crazy soap fight with Aloysius Lee ! :D 
needs an escape . 
Step aside Oscar Wilde ! I'm deeply in love with Guy de Maupassant . :D 
Do I really look like a guy with a plan ? You know what I am ? I'm a dog chasing cars . I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it . You know , I just ... do things . 
had a very nice nap . :D Don't you miss naptime , Megan Almeida . 
A pinch and a punch . :D 
Erotic - using a feather . Kinky - Using a whole chicken ! 
It better cool down tonight , or it's gonna be sweltering in the city ... 
Made progress on extension english , so anyone else going to the swimming carnival tomorrow ? :D 
loves traipsing around the city in high heels . :D 
is really an insomniac . 
Thank you Courtney Paul West , Megan Almeida & Brenda Lau for being there today . It really helped . 
really really really should have did some work yesterday . So screwed now ... 
Nicole Cleasby and Jacintha Lee = the best BUZZ team in all of eternity . Damn , my throat hurts from shouting . 
Happy Chinese New Year ! :D 
Stop it , Brenda Lau ! Stop it ! 
Does anyone have whipped cream ? 
Too pumped to sleep . But who needs sleep anyway ? 
Brain-dead . 
It's burning burning burning hot and I'm on fire . 
BEN HUR = awesome ! 
Whiskey sours are NOT whiskey sours without a cherry on top . Anyone can spare one ? :D 
Megan Almeida , Josephine Lenton , Synthura Sandrasegaran , Lauren Hampson , Tasa Agu . Mel's place , 12th Jan . 11.30 ish to 5ish . Bring snacks to eat and stuff to drink , or else ... :D 
I swear I just heard someone outside my window .... 
Dressing up for Synthura Sandrasegaran's farewell shindig for Alex Steina . :D How over-dressed is overdressed ? 
I love the rain , but why is it when you sit in the rain , your cold gets so bad you can now hardly breathe ? 
Exchanging one obsession for another ... 
Aloysius Lee . Just one year older yesterday and you have already turned into a menace . I want my cup back . NOW . 
Anyone knows if the year 8's got their reports ? :D 
All you need is love . All you need is love . All you need is love , love . Love is all you need ... 
Let it rain , let it rain , let it rain ! :D 
One more week of the holidays and suddenly it seems like I have so much work that I need to do ! Where has all the time gone ?! 
misses the days when math was simply 1 + 1 . 
Brenda Lau , Megan Almeida & Gloria Cho - Sydney Uni & then off to Newtown . :D Can't wait . :D 
Wanker . 
Feet sore , but at least I had fun . :D 
is freaking nocturnal . 
loves her crazy coloured pens . :D 
? Alex Steina 
has spent so long staring at her math book that the numbers started dancing . Extension math should die . 
Sand , sand , sand everywhere ! 
Check out the full moon ! It's crazy gorgeous . All big and round and yellow ... Werewolves anyone ? :D 
baked cookies ! ( An actual success ! ) 
Step two to getting rid of your annoying little brother : When he keeps playing the same irritating riff over and over by your ear with his guitar , you sing along ( as horribly as possible ) with made-up , or offensive ( to him ) lyrics that challenge his sexuality . 
How to pull an all-nighter : Drink coffee , tea and coke all at once , keep yourself pumped with crazy loud music , take lots of toilet breaks and whatever you do , DO NOT FALL ASLEEP . 
Seems like everyone's gardening today . 
Shopped , shopped , shopped , and hell , i think i have a new wardrobe for next year ! :D 
finished the ning task . :D 
Erfan is a little shit who dishes it out but can't take it . Goodbye Erfan and good riddance . Naomi and odelia = we are so totally awesome . 
Is it me , or does everything on TV today suck ? 
My blackberry , why do you make so much noise ? Everytime I fall asleep , you let some insipid message wake me . 
The weather needs to decide - To rain , or not to rain , and quit being a cloudy wuss . 
So hot that I had to eat an entire tub of ice-cream . I need a pool . 
B-e-l-o-n-g-i-n-g . The worst topic ever . Shoot me in the head . Please . 
loves wrapping christmas gifts , Aloysius Lee , wondering where your new undies are ? :D 
loves thunderstorms . 
I don't know who started this poke war , but it's gotta stop ! ( You first . ) 
hates English . And Math . Especially math . 
If only my life was a movie - then at least I would know the ending . 
First time I ironed my shirt in a year . :D 
I will miss you so damn much , Alex Steina ! ? It's been amazing getting to know you . STAY IN TOUCH ! :D 
just got out of bed . :D 
loves the smell of fresh laundry . :D 
Somehow insomnia produces music . :) composing another song .... 
The holidays cannot end so soon . 
missing you tons Lee Cheng Yi , Nicole Kuek Min Yee , Nyx Ng , Caroline Kunafi & Alex Steina ... <3 
I hate my extensions . So badly . 
Lugged three big heavy bags through Christmas-shopping-gone-mad crowds , but i'm all set for Christmas ! 
Creaming soda tastes weird after you leave it out for more than an hour . Tastes like fish , actually . Gross . 
The best things about Christmas are the carols and the presents . :) 
Stuck in traffic trying to get into the city . GET OUT OF MY WAY ! 
Hazelnut torte from that amazing gelato bar in bondi ... :D YUM . 
Spent all day working on the decking for the backyard ... 
Stay strong my friend . As cliche as it may be , things will be better in the morning . :D 
4 cups of coffee in the past hour , and still yawning non-stop . I think I've become immune to caffeine . 
Brenda Lau ! LET'S GO CRAZY TOMORROWWWWW . :D AND I NEED A CELEBRATION . :D 
<3 having crazy long phone calls with Megan Almeida to try to sleeeeeeeeeeeppppp . 
Someone make me laugh . 
So bloated that I cannot move ... 
Courtney Paul West , guess who started writing her story ? :D 
Aloysius Lee , it is not funny to steal my 30STM shirt and pass it off at your own . I want it BACK , you smelly pig . 
I've learnt something about Gloria Cho - She likes liking things , and poking people , but not really responding to messages . :D But she's still awesome anyway . :D 
Off to the city ... :D I smell coffee and books ! 
All that worrying about school starting has left me exhausted . 
HAPPY NEW YEAR 
Fuck this . I'm done with schoolwork . 
doing math homework . :D That's right Miss Chirgwin , keeping my promise ! 
To christmas mass we shall go . :D 
I love you , thesaurus . Without you , life has no big words . Without you , english would be piled with crap . Without you , I wouldn't understand shit . Marry me ? 
Love those lazy saturdays just sitting around , going nuts on the guitar and singing horribly off-tune , with no one yelling at you to shut up . :D 
Djokovic better win . :D 
We came , we saw , we faltered . 
This heat is killing me . 
I love you , but we both know that it's not going to work . 
Thank you thank you thank you Brenda Lau . <3 
Too hot to leave the house . Too boring to stay in the house . 
I don't want to go to bed because when I wake up , I have to go to school . 
It's stupid to be one of those sitting at home , cursing your friends for being boring and have no life , when you yourself are exactly the same . So who's blaming who then ? 
just watched the amazing Black Swan with Courtney Paul West . :D 
I think all that coke i've drank in the last 24 hours is trying to come back out . 
Just reading a poem makes me tired . How the hell am I going to find two contrasting texts ? 
Fuck those scissors . 
Still feverish . Stupid back-to-school-itis . 
Why , why , why can't Amanda Palmer come to Sydney again ? WHY CANBERRA , OR MELBOURNE . COME TO SYDNEY ! 
I hate math . I hate frankenstein . I hate extension history . But worst of all , I HATE ROMANTICISM . 
NADAL LOST ! NOOOOOOOOOOOO ! :( 
Odelia Tng . Caroline Kunafi . :D I had fun today . :D 
Brenda Lau . ? You are so fucking awesome because you actually put up with my rants and seriously consider what crazy plan I come up with . I don't know what I'll do without you , even if you say no . :D But I hope you say yes . :D 
? Gloria Cho & Synthura Sandrasegaran - The amazing two girls who shall motivate me to actually do some work these holidays . 
Off for yet another day of shopping . I think my wallet's getting lighter and lighter by the minute ! 
finished half a box of Ferrero Rochers ..... My god they taste so gooooooddddd ...... 
With all the tennis talk going around , no wonder I'm not getting any work done . Stupid internet with pictures of djokovic and nadal . 
Megan Almeida IT IS ALL YOUR FAULT . 
Is it really so much to ask if I just take one freaking day off ? 
Gossip girl is back . :D 
2011 is sucking already , and it only just started . 
Hung out with Megan Almeida today . Beach on Friday , Brenda Lau , Synthura Sandrasegaran , Amanda Lu ? :D 
had a blast at Mel's with Megan Almeida , Jo , Lauren Hampson & Josephine Lenton . 
I spy with my little asian eye and I see Ben and Jerry's ice-cream in the fridge but it has a do-no t-t ouch sign on it . What to do ? 
Two days of school , and it already feels like two freaking weeks . 
Throw myself off a cliff and never look back . 
To cram non-stop until I finish extension english . Gloria Cho , Scarlett Franks , Laurie-Anne Hudson , Courtney Paul West WE CAN DO THIS . :D 
Gloria Cho , Scarlett Franks , Courtney Paul West , Laurie-Anne Hudson HAS FINALLY FINISHED WITH EXTENSION ENGLISH IN A FORMAT THAT IS VAGUELY SATISFYINGGGG . :D 
I find that when someone refuses to see reason and clings desperately to their misguided opinion , it's best to ignore them -OR , antagonise them further . Yes , that's you sad sad Bhavisha Carl Thanki & Courtney Paul West 
My dear ITunes . Stop adding depressing music into my playlist because I am tired of skipping songs . Thank you . 
Extension English you win tonight . 
Answering everyone's extension questions make me feel like I've done so much work and that I am so prepared . Truth is guys , I haven't started . :D 
Worst . Australia . Day . Ever . So fuck you bitch , I'm so done with it . 
Exhausted as shit . My dear heels , as much as I love you , some of you are gonna have to take a long vacation . 
Off to get some shut-eye . Goodnight world . :D 
On my way to the Chinese New Year celebrations in Glebe . Going to be exhausted tomorrow ... :D 
Too freaking hot to work on english . 
English needs to stop dominating my entire life . 
Time passes too quickly . 
really needs to invest in a pair of flats . Damn the system that doesn't allow heels or flip-flops ... I can run in heels for god's sake ! 
refuses to eat anymore junk food . Or fast food for that matter . 
should really get home instead of late-night shopping at Chatswood again ... 
It's raining , it's pouring , and the old man is snoring ! :D 
Megan Almeida , Brenda Lau . I need an intervention . 
Odelia Tng I had fun today . <3 
Megan Almeida , Brenda Lau - We're never mentioning it again . Ever . Period . 
Scarlett Franks , Laureane Etienne-Walsh - Feels oh-so-intellectual to watch a play . :D 
Amazing night out with the girls . <3 Laureane Etienne-Walsh , Scarlett Franks , Christiane Etienne . 
I hate mondays . 
All-night writing marathon since sleep refuses to come to me ... 
Seriously , you're nothing but a psychotic bitch who just has to get out of my fucking face so I can actually get something done . 
Brenda Lau - you were right . my feet are killing me . 
Doping up on coffee in order to finish another 4 exercises of math before tomorrow . Damn you math double ... 
Super-smooth legs ... :D 
Hairdryers are such nifty things - they dry your hair , they warm your clothes , and hell , they even helped me dry my jersey for photos tomorrow ! 
Taking a long , long , long afternoon nap . 
Damn you Bhavisha Carl Thanki for not waking me up ! And my stalker , Brenda Lau - WHY DIDN'T YOU CALL ME ! 
Almost finished with english ! :P 
Sitting outside in the dark , staring up at the stars , drawing inspiration from Nature . :D Isn't that just great , Scarlett Franks , Courtney Paul West , Laurie-Anne Hudson , Gloria Cho ? :D 
PERFECTED AND SPELLCHECKED ENGLISH ALL READY FOR TOMORROW . :D SUCK IT Odelia Tng . :D 
Laureane Etienne-Walsh , Aimee Tanner , Bhavisha Carl Thanki , Monique Koziuk - SO PUMPED FOR TODAY ! :D 
Epic night out with my crazies ! <3 Laureane Etienne-Walsh , Monique Koziuk , Bhavisha Carl Thanki , Aimee Tanner , Nadine Gisele Etienne-Walsh & Chris . :D 
Fun day in with Nicole Cleasby , Lauren Hampson , Josephine Lenton . :D 
Writing makes my head hurt . 
BRAIN WAVE Courtney Paul West , Scarlett Franks , Marilee Du Plessis , Laureane Etienne-Walsh . I think I may actually pass the Viva Voce tomorrow ! :D 
Sleep is not in the schedule for tonight . 
" The sleep of reason produces monsters " - Goya 
First successful attempt EVER to make stir-fry noodles that taste good , and aren't burnt ! :D 
My earphones ! How much i miss you . We had a good run , and I do hope you appear miraculously or get returned to me tomorrow . :( 
<3 Aloysius Lee , the loveliest brother who lent me earphones until I get new ones . :D 
Nothing better than a good nap . 
How to fall off a chair : 

Step 1 - Try to open a chocolate wrapping while leaning backwards on a chair & poking someone 
Step 2 - Lose balance as said person retaliates 
Step 3 - Lose grip on chocolate = PANIC ! 
Step 4 - Try to grab the chocolate 
Step 5 - Lose grip on the chair 
Step 6 - Grabs the chocolate ! 
Step 7 - Head connects with floor with a thud & chocolate goes flying . 
Goodbye chocolate . Goodbye braincells . 
finally dragged myself out of bed - yeah i slept 15 hours ! :D 
is wearing pants that glow in the dark ! :D 
just wants a week off already . 
really doesn't give a damn right now . 
Aloysius Lee is a loser who stole all my bottlecaps . 
Seriously , there must be a way to get over this stupid insomnia thing . 
Stupid Red Cross with their needles - missing my vein and now it's all swollen and I'm running a fever . Fudging shite . 
Bruises be gone ! 
developing a really bad cold ... 
I wonder if they have something that sucks the phlegm out of your lungs . I really need that . 
C'est la vie , mon amour 
@Bhavisha Thanki has a snake in her backyard . Just thought i should let the world know since she deactivated Facebook . :D 
Blueberry . :D 
There's not enough hours in a day for sleep . 
I think I'm losing it . 
Leaving for the extension 2 excursion despite how I'm dropping it anyways first thing monday . Just waiting on Laureane Etienne-Walsh , Scarlett Franks , Marilee Du Plessis . :D See you there Courtney Paul West , Tasa Agu , Ms M ! 
One status on how I don't want to study and the whole world goes to shits . Damn , i better get back to those books . :D 
Doubt I'm gonna get to bed tonight . Extremely erratic behaviour to be expected tomorrow . 
I'm sorry english essay but there are more important things to life right now like sleeping , or eating , or peeing . So , until i get round to that , you'll just have to wait . 
Naptime is so great really . 
Goodnight my homies . :D 
RAINDANCE ! 
Courtney Paul West - Guess who has a fever , and a horrible sore throat ?! AND had to stay home today ?! 
Using a penknife when you're on too many meds makes you slice your finger by accident . Huh , if only I knew that earlier . 
Walking Germ-bomb . :( 
All dressed up and nowhere to go ... 
Weird things happen on Facebook chat . Weird people exist on Facebook chat . Stop freaking me out , weird people . 
It's like talking to a brick wall ! UNICORNS DO NOT EXIST IN REALITY , ONLY IN YOUR MIND . IT'S TIME TO ACCEPT THAT Courtney Paul West , Aimee Tanner . 
Off to bed . Goodnight , unicorn-obsessed world . 
Love the crazy storm . :D Think I'm gonna sit outside and enjoy this one ... 
Exhausted from the all the nail-painting fumes . Courtney Paul West , I don't know how you do it ! 
True Blood marathon ! :D 
Really hates all her subjects right now - but music . :D thank god for amazing music ! 
making gummy frogs into dick-shaped frogs with Aloysius Lee . :D Immaturity ! :D 
I think my head's about to explode . 
To nap , or to study . That is the question . 
Give me coffee or give me death ! 
Anyone knows if we have ext 1 english homework ? Scarlett Franks ? Courtney Paul West ? Laurie-Anne Hudson ? Angela Morosin ? 
Aloysius Lee , if you don't stop whistling Young Folks , I'm going to go ape-shit on your ass . 
Crazy traffic jams on the way back from the city . Stupid stupid cars ! 
Pulling yet another all-nighter . :D 
I love you Courtney Paul West for being so amazing and providing me with the epic VICES AND VIRTUES ! <3 
Goodbye Facebook . See you when I can longer resist the compulsion to check you . Study time . 
Sporting a crazy high fever . Just in time for the exams . :D YEAH ! 
Having dinner at 11 coz you're a fearless bastard . 
Wow . Somehow I slept 13 hours straight , but now my headache's gone ? :D 
<3 fight club . 
In need of some severe retail therapy . :( 
Most unproductive day of study ever . 
Anyone knows if acute & obtuse angles are in the math 2U test ? 
CHOCOLATE AND COFFEE OVERLOAD . 
<3 stories about DUCKS FLYING OFF CLIFFS . :D 
Damn , where did all that time go ? I knew i shouldn't have went to bed .... 
Oh dear lord , please don't let me fail english . :( 
Dearest blue-shirts : Smoking cigarettes in your school uniforms do not make you cool . You just look lame . Thank you . 
To write a creative story now , or to wing it ... Let's wing it , my dear friends . Belonging be damned . 
Fall at my feet , minions . I'm so done with English and can't wait for the exams to be over . :D 
Enjoying my camomile , spearmint and honey tea before bed . :D Life's good . :D 
Good luck for english everyone ! 
Heck math . I'm going for a nap . 
Best . Nap . Ever . Now to pull that all-nighter for math ... 
Damn you math , I'm off to bed . 
Hate the fact that I still have 6 exams to go . :( 
<3 Melissa Marsden - and so when shall I meet Charlie ? And yeah Luke Marsden we managed to get Mel to give in ! 
Time to go make up an economics essay just in time for tomorrow . now the question - What to write it on ? 
I hate how everyone keeps posting up happy things , especially you evil people with tons of photos of all the amazing things you're doing besides studying . :( 6 more to go , then I shall be that annoying one ... 
Everyone's being boring . 
Watching one missed call with the bro . <3 
Think I'll just lie out in the sun for a bit and soak up some vitamin D - exams be damned . 
" if you put an ice-cube on the fire , you will ' off ' the flame , ' close ' the flame " - the Singaporean way of english . No wonder I'm failing ... 
Sometimes , you need to learn that drunk-dialing ain't a good thing , and that bros are way more important than your hos , so dude , grow up . 
Megan Almeida stop calling me crazy . 
Stupid early-risers who call before 11 on a weekend when clearly I'm still in bed . 
spent 4 hours on binomial eqns and still doesn't understand ANYTHING . Goodbye 3unit marks . 
just imagine that in five days I will be free from study ... still 3 down , 5 to go ! :( 
Anyone doing ext math turning up early tomorrow to cram ? :D I urgently need help for binomials and probability ... 
Burn in hell , binomials . :( 
Math is starting to make my head spin . 
Best music test EVER . 
Gloria Cho & Adam Rochester - The duck murderers . 
Naptime was great , since it's probably the only sleep I'm getting for the next two days ! :D 
Let me just keep telling myself that somehow I'll scrape through the extension english exam tomorrow with flying colours of bullshit . 
<3 Odelia Tng 
A toast to exceedingly well-constructed essays and complete utter bullshit ! 
Amazing Hamlet performance . Now to pull an allnighter for modernnnnn . :D 
Oh dear fellow modern-history crammers : It's really going to be alright . :D Just relax , knock back a few shots , and then let's get down to it , Melissa Marsden , Odelia Tng , Jessie Gray ... :D WE CAN DO THIS ! 
That's it , modern history . Cramming would just have to wait till tomorrow . BEDTIMEEE ! :D 
Seven down , one to go , and since extension history ain't marked , off to the movies I shall go ! :D 
<3 those moments you can't be stuffed to move from your spot because it's way too comfortable ... 
BEST SLEEP EVER ! :D think I'm just gonna lounge in bed all day ! My wonderful bed - how I've missed you ! 
I would go to bed , but that involves trying to get myself to sleep . So much effortttt . 
AND IT IS ALL OVER ! 
Damn you Gloria Cho , Odelia Tng , Courtney Paul West , Josephine Lenton & Megan Almeida for your stupid poke-wars . 
Silky-smooth leggssssss . :D 
Eating breakfast/ lunch in bed . :D 
What a slow and boring Saturday afternoon .... 
Drinking a crazy delicious mix of hot chocolate , coffee , milo and ice-cream . DELICIOUS . :D 
It doesn't matter anymore what she says , or what we used to be , because seriously , I just want my friend back . 
Amazing day spent with Melissa Marsden , Megan Almeida , Lauren Hampson , Synthura Sandrasegaran , Nicole Cleasby at Josephine Lenton's . <3 
Lying in bed with a good book , a mug of hot cocoa and great music . 
Insipid fools who walk into you , making you drop your blackberry which is now broken . Mothereffing shitfaces . 
Going to die without my blackberry . :( My poor baby . :( 
Stuck in a horrible traffic jam on the way into the city . Again . 
Trying to cross a room littered with shoes , clothes , belts and other sharp objects to turn on the lights is lethal . 
MY BLACKBERRY IS ALIVE AGAIN ! AND it's just like new ! :D <3 dad . :D 
Today has been amazing . First the epic chat-sesh at Aimee Tanner's with Bhavisha Carl Thanki and Laureane Etienne-Walsh , then my blackberry's alive , and off with lovely tanner and Courtney Paul West to the movies tomorrow . <3 you guys . 
Bed's too toasty warm for me to leave . :D 
Watched Scream4 with Aimee Tanner and Courtney Paul West . Epic fun . I only wished the blonde cop died . WHY WON'T YOU JUST DIE DAMMIT ! 
Facebook stop acting up and show me my damn posts ! 
Needs to travel . :( 
Boredom kills . 
<3 late-night snacks and movie marathons . 
Those stupid moments when you kick your guitar off the bed and shock yourself out of a good dream . 
Best . Afternoon/ Evening . Nap . Ever . 
Holy shit if you're just going to keep deactivating and reactivating your account , just freaking deactivate it already coz it's mother-effing annoying ! 
<3 Synthura Sandrasegaran for everything that you do , you gorgeous sexy male-pros owner . :D 
Aimee Tanner , a toast to hoping that I actually get out of bed before 10 tomorrow . Or i'll be late and I'll see you guys there . :D 
Great day at the movies with Bhavisha Carl Thanki , Aimee Tanner , Laureane Etienne-Walsh , Monique Koziuk and Bee's admirers ... ;) 
Love how Facebook chat comes in handy at night when you can get your brother to get you food . And vice-versa . Without ever moving . :D 
Josephine Lenton , Courtney Paul West , Gloria Cho , Odelia Tng - Just because I haven't been on Facebook does NOT mean this pokewar is over . COURTNEY I DO NOT FORFEIT . 
Someone keep teasing Bhavisha Carl Thanki since if I keep going she's going to murder me ... ' Alex Mavi ? You up for that ? 
What's with all the people who keep going " OMG " every 10 seconds ? 
We need more holidays . 
First day , and it's already hell . To think of all the other days to come ... 
Down with a cold . :( 
<3 catching up on old films you never knew still existed ... 
<3 Dessert and coffee for lunch . 
Dying to go to Little Red concert ! 
Baking in the night with Aloysius Lee . <3 
My nose is so cold that every breath feels like my head is about to explode ! 
Lost my keys . Again . 
I FOUND MY KEYS !!! 
I'm the dumbest idiot ever . 
Think I shall go to bed at a normal time today like a normal person would so I would finally get a normal amount of sleep . 
It's just fucking perfect when you walk in the house , and it's chock full of a thick layer of smoke because someone forgot to switch off the soup boiling on the stove . 
