Laptop has gone for repair gutted ! 
got the laptop back yeah ! But wireless still not working ....... investigate ! 
laughing my head off at jackass 2 !! 
The heavens have opened !!!! 
got the wii back on go playing bowling got a turkey !!!! 
bacon buttie too kick start watching saw 3 
Cheese Toasties mmmmmmmmmmm 
watching James may's toy stories right good !!! 
laughing his head off at The Clever Hamsters !! 
Bed time .......... ZZZZ 
RoboBoB is programmed to follow four prime directives : " Serve the public trust "" Protect the innocent "" Uphold the law " (Classified ) 
thanks everyone I had a fantastic birthday ! 
check out my snow man 
Having a nice night with me dad and bro 
Loving the presents !!! thank you everyone 
playing Dead space ........... AHHH 
Avatar Fantastic !!! 
loves ' not going out ' 
is tired of being needed only when there is a need . 
Just been to see saw 3d and not much 3d to be honest . but glad I've seen it 
Cuppa tea and football 
Just gave blood now tucking in to some custard cream's and a cuppa tea . Lovely ! 
Lost my phone someone used my facebook account . 
is wondering where this road is taking me and who will be with me once I get where I am going ... AND who I'll leave along side the road in the middle of nowhere ! 
Valentine's Day is just another day .. If you think about it , you are celebrating how much you love someone but really you should love them everyday . 
works at a place where there is give and take . I give my time and effort . They take my freedom and dignity . 
Just watched the Steelers Beat Panthers 6 - 2 in ice hockey bring on the play offs ! 
' The Thing ' is on ITV ooooooooooooooooo 
Spaced classic 
Whoever said that " Life is like a box of chocolates " has never seen what a box of chocolates in my house looks like - EMPTY !! 
Can't sleep .... 
What to do tonight ? Bored ! 
Family guy is awesome ! 
Red , red wine Go to my head Make me forget that I Still need her so 
Red , red wine It's up to you All I can do , I've done But mem'ries won't go No , mem'ries won't go 
I'd have thought That with time Thoughts of her Would leave my head I was wrong And I find Just one thing makes me forget 
thir13en Ghost is on and it's lights out and drink flowing 
For Xmas , buy your kids Easter eggs and tell em they overslept XD xx 
Did you know you can't hum while holding your nose ? I bet you trying it right now 
love watching the rain 
Russia hosting 2018 world cup 
Up the owls ! 
Some days I am fine but then the dark clouds arrive and it feels that nothing will ever be okay again 
Having a great time chilling out with me bro with a beer watching the match . 
phone back on give me a bell . 
think i'll finish off the pizza from last night 
Off to see resident evil in 3D 
is up and enjoying his big cup of " Oh my God this is so good ! " 
watching the misfits . 
Drink at my place anyone ? 
" One sheet does Plenty ! " 
Party in the pub with a bottle of bud look love i got a Fiver if you let me see your jug's 
" giggity giggity goo " 
a hip hop a hippie to the hippie 
to the hip hip hop , you dont stop 
a rockin to the bang bang boogie say upchuck the boogie 
to the rhythm of the boogity beat . 
woke up this morning and thought I would be productive , then had coffee and was more himself and said whew that was close ! Thank goodness for coffee ! 
No buses was running down arundel gate ? what all that about ? had to walk it all the way home !!! 
mmmm fish finger sandwich . yum 
It's sooooooooo Cold !!! 
My bed misses me , I think I'll go give it some company . . . Night 
Oh , Snap ! 
is thinking ... isn't harry potters story a bit far fetched ? i can almost believe the magic , and even the unicorns , but who ever saw a ginger kid with 2 mates ?! 
Some excellent draws for that FA cup . Bristol city vs Wednesday come on Wednesday !!! 
Do you smile when you think of me ? 
Here come's the Super bowl !!! 
Thanks you everybody for your messages ! Have a happy new year ! 
low lowl low low low low low low low low low low 
