is still creased after katie and them girls in town 
is looking forward to a bit of football 
is taking emily's advice ... :P 
is thinking " it's £4 dai , it's £4 " and is then thinking " bed , bed , bed , bed " 
hates guitar lessons sometimes ... awfully bad timing for one ! 
should be a good crack tomorrow + friday 
is being told not to go blonde by many people 
modern family <3 
got one last game of football out of his white shoes 
reesy can't drive for shit 
yeah but you were drunk glanning it large : L not exactly ibiza but it's home : L : L x 
genuinely looking forward to the duck race tomorrow 
thought harry potter was decent 
is gutted there's no colstars tonight 
had a crackin ' night and is wrecked 
anyone for football today inside the sobell ? 
is getting ready to go out ( Y ) 
is sufering from what he guesses is an ear infection 
is gonna watch a film , lush 
football ? 
enjoyed rehearsals last night and is looking forward to todays 
needs to shower tbh , but is looking forward to a day in with the boys 
is loving pretty much all the lyrics off the new paolo album 
thinks the duck race was actually a decent night 
is watching railway children with emyr and having a right lol at it 
thinks reesy has real issues .. 
wants to do summin , not quite as random as yesterday mind 
has had one of the craziest drives with the tomllew ( yes ) , reesy hanging out of the window arse out doing 70 niiiiice 
has had a greaaaaat night ! 
is crying laughing cause emyr is crying laughing at me 
park ( H ) 
ah balls : L 
is a bit tired now , even though he got loads of sleep last night 
is still up and doesn't know why exactly 
is glad to be home after driving to the airport 
thinks emyr is awful at sneaking around my bedroom and trying not to wake me up 
is very very jaded 
is wondering what the hell he's doing ... : L 
is looking forward to the big kick off , bring on west ham ( H ) 
so kiss me underneath this lamppost light , i know it smells of piss but you look beautiful tonight ( 8 ) 
slept late 
not a good 2 days tbh 
frank turner ( Y ) 
crackin ' week 
is chillin ana 
is waiting for reesy to bring up the bubbly to celebrate : L 
enjoyed the cinema : L 
lookin ' forward to another chilled day 
gutted that the sobell is booked up 
is still in bed and emyr is coming down soon ... : L 
ebanks-blake you idiot ! 
hates poker : L 
good day 
" one tree hill sucks , it's so overdramatic " " you're dead inside " just got stumped : L : L 
night in with the lads ( Y ) 
wants mammy beech to get home and cook me food 
lush mood 
mammy beehc is home and in the kitchen , thank god for that i'm wasting away 
nearly killed a dog on the way back from merfa , it was nuts 
i don't need to fight to prove i'm right ( 8 ) 
is in bed with the laptop , nice one :D 
is up because of emyr ... 
reesy and josh are knobs 
is thinking tonight is gonna be interesting ... 
is finally getting dressed 
really should shower and dress tbh and wonders if emyr feels at all uncomfortable with the fact i still haven't got dressed 
is lookin forward to today 
just cryin laughing at reesy for no real reason 
thinks the contestants on the cube are brilliant : L : L 
alex has let me down / .. \ 
is tired but chilled 
rachel eats cat food , freak 
is wondering where all his clothes have gone 
wolves :( 
has had one of the most dramatic days of his life 
night in instead then 
is wrecked 
can't even spell my own surname ... bad times : L 
is gonna do fuck all today and love it , day in with the lads , walkie talkies and some spaghetti :P 
what a dive 
has the lads over and has bought walkie talkies :D one for my car one for tom's : L 
equal on points with liverpool ( Y ) tbf they got nothing on us :P 
gonna be a crackin ' day 
keogh hit the bar :( :( 
youtube - tags : rhydywaun jazz ;) 
just watched trainspotting 
is wondering a bit why he's up 
film didn't finish until 20 past 1 : L crackin ' film though ! 
had a good rehearsal , but how the hell am i gonna do that scene without laughing at bethan : L 
is playin buzz with the lads :P 
had a good day of football but is paying for it now 
has had a good day and is looking forward to a rehearsal 
i have only one itching desire ... LET ME STAND NEXT TO YOUR FIRE ! 
think turtles having sex is one of the funniest sounds i've ever heared 
is wondering why his mother has bought 41 pot noodles : L 
is gonna play football today :D 
off to the gym with alex later ( Y ) 
not such a bad day of school in the end 
has had sunglasses on all day and is dreading taking them off 
reckons his new costume is the bees knees :P 
is wondering why he paid £15 to go watch cardiff lose 2-0 
you're my diamond in the rough ( 8 ) 
the day thus far has not lived up to the epectations : L thing up cyfarthfa park is shockinnnn 
already wants to get out :D 
so emyr in maccyd's with a walkie talkie weren't a good crack ( H ) 
feels a little sick about something lmfao ! oh dear :P 
has completed contract negotiations with josh 
football in the rain ( Y ) 
wants to do summin 
is wrecked after last night and couldn't even sleep in his own bed 
just had an odd phonecall off tomtom : L : L 
looking forward to the prospect of having to sleep in my car tonight next to reesy whilst being drunk 
had an absolutely boilin bath : L 
thinks josh should get up and ring him about football seeing as how he has tried to ring josh 
had a good gym time and is now chilling 
thinks it is too bright outside 
maybe this time i shouldn't decide what to do based on a coin flip : L 
hates how his dad is trying to have a rubbish convo with him .. 
thinks reesy should stop trying to get on my stalker list : L 
enjoyed my dinner <3 
as pretty much finished all the uni application stuff 
thinks the heart to heart with Emyr Jones in the car was good and now knows he must buy a cage for the gorilla .. 
my hands are freeeeeezin 
is chuffing with his part in fiddler , hope i do it justice : L 
is doing sweet fa 
has cleaned the house and done the washing ( H ) 
has had a good day :D 
football later and i get the feeling a certain someone will be bowing down to the might of my wolves top ;) ( aka tom ) 
is waiting for monday when i can finally rest a bit 
is lookin ' forward to tonight 
wonders why emyr even has a mobile because he never answers the phone ! 
is in love with emily's dog ( L ) 
had a crackin ' day down caswell , swansea , crynant , maerdy mountain - just generally about 
roll on next 3 shows 
is happy to be at home chilling again 
not only has jess had a nose period , but lowri thought you had to get into my car through the boot :P 
felt awful this morning but is having a decent evening 
makes crap toast : L 
has had a banging headache all day - but is looking forward to tonight 
is probably going to spend the day winding katie up , good times :D 
is in the coliseum every night this week :D 
is looking forward to a day at the beach 
this show's gonna kill me - but still gotta give more 
jason manford <3 
tomtom's been knocked off his perch 
one has nice eyes , the other's a perfect smile ( 8 ) 
out ? 
thought football wasn't too shabby and is happy he was finally on the winning side for once ! 
voice has gone : L : L 
enjoyed his heart to heart with Emyr Jones again :D 
i've got a filling ( 8 ) 
wth dream was that .. 
just helpd wash the dogs :D 
is loving that josh wore the same clothes as me this morning , but is hating that he can't walk tidy : L 
is gutted it's over 
is knackered and is looking forward to the next few days 
gonna be one good weekend ! 
in love i was created and in love is how i hope i die 
strepsils have done sweet fa to my throat : L 
is relieved 
needs a haircut 
lovin ' the birthday present off the family 
is quite tired after football - down 3-2 now :P 
might go for a power nap now , looking forward massively to this weekend 
" that was a beautiful song ... until you sang it " crying laughing ! frankie boyle <3 
decent game of football ... slid on my foot and it burns now : L 
recipe : no nuts ... factory : no nuts ... ingredients : cannot guarantee nut free ... 
s'been a good day 
crackin ' game of football like 
emyr is prick 
thanks for coming out and making sure i didn't have to buy one drink last night boys : L : L 
alex : " we should've joined the gym in march and got a summer body not a winter body " 
enjoys his heart to heart talks with Emyr Jones and is lookin ' forward to tomorrow ! 
wishes jess ' mother would hurry up and get ready !!!! 
rehearsals then party , then cardiff 10 o ' clock tomorrow morning :D 
looking forward to saturday morning 
is tired again 
is a bit annoyed that we didn't move much today , not that it's anyone's fault who was there 
glamorgan tomorrow ( Y ) 
wants to do something 
is falling asleep all over the place 
thinks jess should stay of his name :D and thought the chris moyles show this morning was quality ! 
thanks jess for waking me up to ask me how to make pasta : L 
finished the personal statement now onto that composing challenge for xixi :P 
doesn't see the point of x-factor once the auditions are over 
needs a decent sleep 
thinks the fear about the cervical cancer jab is just stupid 
has had a poor day if you take out the fiddler rehearsal 
Matt Shultzis crackin ! 
hm .. 
just enjoyed a bit michael mcintyre and is gonna have a gander at live at the apollo 
has a numb tongue from all these strepsils : L 
wrecked . 
has a bad shoulder thanks to tom not listening 
i go to put my arm around and you give me a look like i'm way outta bounds ( 8 ) 
is in contract negotiations with josh 
at least we learned some tricks of the trade 
my way of dealing with pop-ups : shouting at the computer screen until they stop coming up 
lookin ' forward to a spot of football later 
thinks burnley v blackburn is quality 
thinks his nan is off her rocker 
is home early thank god 
glad i get a bit of time off coming up - studio saturday :D 
good day - had a good potch on sibelius :D 
has been to ystalyfera , birmingham and rachel's - crackin ' day ! Also quite looking forward to monday :D 
tbf was amused by people's reaction to my fancy dress :D 
got your purse Rachel Corfield 
is keeping his mouth shut for now 
you said you'd marry me , if i was 23 
hopes Emyr Jones hasn't had too much of a pasting off his rents 
is off to villa park with evan , josh , alex and tom :P 
is a complete and utter twat tbh :) And would like to apologise to Jess for nearly killing her ! 
and we're definately going to hell , but we'll have all the best stories to tell 
is obsessed with mumford & sons atm <3 need to find a new artist ! 
loves mammy beech for buying him this nice snug jumper :P 
is on the phone to Emyr Jones loling slightly : L 
has battle from football and feels it was 3 against 5 tonight 
is wearing the world famous snuggle wrap 
really enjoyed fiddler 
reckons mumford & sons are a good effort 
2 lessons , half a cob , 2 cups of tea , football , colstars , home early - good day <3 
hasn't played the mandola in a long long time and just picked it up 
thought the aberdare fireworks were pants 
is up and almost ready to go ... also LOL at josh for forgetting a spare set of clothes 
isn't glanning it tonight - i ' aint going out to spend money which i don't have , so a big middle finger to josh 
x-factor has been a disappointment tonight tbh ( N ) 
is wrecked but is starting to really enjoy fiddler ! 
is thinking :/ 
the big one tomorrow ... gonna be needing that 4 cans of kick for a pound deal tbh 
is finally home - awesome day ! proper good like , wrecked now though 
is having a lovely cooked dinner from mammy beech in a second , bed then probably 
just bought 4 cans of bow for reesy in tesco but wasn't asked for ID ... wtf like 
is happy he isn't going out drinking tonight ! :D 
has settled down with a cup of tea to watch x-factor with Emyr Jones and Jessica Kate Evans - nice one ! 
Emyr Jones - i have the car tomorrow 
is sure the social interview app thinks me and Alex Morgan are gay together 
glad he's got the car for the rest of the week 
my eye is hurting for some reason , feels like i've been punched : L 
loves mammy beech ! <3 
wonders how many times he can cut his knee ... opened the scar yet again : L 
better be thankful to the mother later boys :P 
is spending a night alone for once .. 
wonders how many consecutive nights alex and josh are going to stay in his house for ... 
good luck to Tomos Rees for tomorrow 
had a crackin ' game of football and a good rehearsal , derek makes a good cup of tea : L 
hates modern technology ... 
is home and taking on hardcore stats work 
is absolutely wrecked 
thinks leona lewis looks like a panda 
i'm a dreamer she's a castle in the sky ( 8 ) 
jess had a nose period 
just look at his hair it's all dark and wavy , it just isn't fair mine's the colour of gravy ( 8 ) 
is not going to have a potch on sibelius but needs a drink : L 
is upset that Josh Amblinos and Evan Davies won't have a dominos ! 
has reminded himself that he loves life 
thought the david v goliath fight was pants ! 
I AM GOING TO KILL SIMON ! 
what a waste of time today was : L 
finally got my song right : L 
in a happy place . 
gave up on staying in school - decided to pay matthew £2 to come home and feel sorry for myself instead 
rip robert enke 
decent opening night , nice one all involved 
COME ON FIDDLER ! 
had a brilliant dream about Rebecca Collins , Alex Morgan and Josh Amblinos : L 
feels better than he did this morning 
has had a pretty decent day actually 
school choir is a joke 
is fairly happy with how everything seems to be turning out 
reckons he's gonna have a cup of tea before dress rehearsal tonight 
wishes reesy would stop naggin him to go watch his final gig with the bettis :P seeing as how i'm gaggin for a bit of football 
is tagging Alex Morgan + Jordan Jackson in his status because they are with me and moaning that i haven't tagged them 
is really looking forward to tonight now and hopes alex and reesy don't put me off :D 
did anyone else just see minogue kill the whole room off ? : L : L : L 
is actually in agony over his eye 
has a bag of tangerines , that 3rd cup of tea and jamie cullum on spotify <3 
is home waiting on food with a cup of tea relaxing - thanks for coming to see the show nana and the family <3 
is in such a great mood 
is at home chillin ' - nice bit of colstars later 
bouncebackability ! 
owl city <3 
HOW THE HELL IS OLLY IN THE BOTTOM 2 ?!?!?! 
i met god and he had nothing to say to me ( 8 ) 
seems everyday has thrown in a curveball :D 
lol @ Josh Amblinos for still feeling scared about the near crash :P 
so me , emyr , jackson and jack ' aint gonna be on radio1 en ! :P 
wishes emily would leave his thumbs alone ! 
is cold and hungry :D 
wishes he stayed at that chairty gig 
is in a good place 
LLOYD KILLS ALL MY FAVOURITE SONGS !!!!! 
eye still hurts .. 
is off out with alex ( Y ) 
' it's a fashionable snuggle wrap ' 
has done both his knees in and lol at alex's noises getting out my car in the rain 
glad to be home , gonna have a potch on sibelius now 
nothing compares to jamie cullum <3 
is hungry and warm ( as always ) 
we are all embers from the same fires ( 8 ) 
hates choir 
Josh Amblinos has left THE snuggle wrap in my car ... may not even have the car tomorrow ! 
wishes Dominic Williams had the car tomorrow :( 
31 notifications ... i hate you Alex Morgan and Josh Amblinos 
is finally getting to grips with dirfting - andy mckee 
is laughing at a good 5 or 6 statuses going on about the good looks of the twilight characters/bad looks of real people :P 
tommy emmanuel - aneglina <3 
looking forward to some late night footbal down abercynon later - our team looks like it is going to confidently lose :P 
good luck with ya theory josh 
anybody know of any good songs for a cd for the car ? 
thank god minogue grew a pair 
is off to cardiff 
is glad to have the car tomorrow <3 
really really really annoyed at himself for tonight - but <3 ' s mammy beech ! 
what a rubbish sleep - still doesn't have a clue what he's doing today 
just made a smooth 6 quid off dave taxis 
disbelief ruins imagination ( 8 ) 
i wanna study philosophy , politics & economics and swansea uni tell me that they have a 50 metre olympic swimming pool ... 
lend me some sugar i am your neighbour ( 8 ) 
night in instead <3 
finally caught up on sleep 
is in love with fly me to the moon <3 
has just remembered how much he loves sean lock <3 
is starting to really like shostakovich's ' string quartet no . 8 in C minor ' 
would like to thank Tomos Rees for buying his domino's :D ... and Alex Morgan stop looking over my shoulder ! 
wants a cup of tea after talking about the one he had on the way home from birmingham : L 
andy mckee = genius 
to whom it may concern ... choir after school tomorrow - don't be dicks and miss it for no good reason 
Josh Amblinos believed i wear a glove to masterbate : L : L : L : L 
sucks at musical chairs 
thought football was pants 
had hell of a laugh in colstars :P 
might go make a cuppa now :D 
is happy now that he can go to josh's tomorrow 
is now a registered organ donor 
v . impressed with Elizabeth Bevan & Matthew Tynan's dancing tonight 
gutted the show's over but has some cooked dinner to look forward to <3 
lol @ Callum Neil Crowley 
really tempted to get a 3rd cup of tea : L 
wishes it was saturday .. 
looking forward to friday 
is absolutely shattered 
brian blessed as a librarian : L : L : L : L : L 
is watching fiddler on the roof , getting in the mood for next week ;) 
YES ! COME ON GIGGS ! 
is looking forward to tomorrow and then the gig saturday 
paloma faith - sexy chick <3 
Susan Boyle wasn't actually bad for once 
is ready to tackle however many hours of colstars ! 
mcintyre tonight ( Y ) 
is happy how he audition went , although would obv have liked to have done better 
is still asking himself why he's going to cardiff for alex 
rhianna is unbelievably flat on ross ' show 
if i'd known that you weren't so far away , i could've rode this train smiling ( 8 ) 
is absolutely gutted that his wolves mug has broke 
in good spirits for tomorrow 
shoulders don't have time to cry ( 8 ) 
wishes Alex Morgan would stop looking over his shoulder at him talking on msn 
wants his dinner ! 
enjoyed today 
this impressionist show on bbc 1 is not half as funny as emyr is finding it .. 
is turning japaneese-a . 
Alex Morgan is a **** 
fancies a cup of tea 
merry christmas :) 
has bought his mother Alex Morgan , Josh Amblinos & Georgia Evans for christmas as foster children 
me : ' i have the highest temprature out of all the boys ' mammy beech : ' that's ' cause you're hot stuff ' <3 
Tomos Rees means the world to me . I wish I could be more like him . Tom I don't ever want to lose you :( x 
night in ( Y ) 
royle family <3 
is looking forward to tomorrow greatly ! ( although i'll probably be pissed off by 11:55 ) 
day in then 
Tomos Rees best get domino's with him later 
drifting - andy mckee <3 
wrecked 
david tennant can play anything 
great game of football :D 
goodbye liverpool :D 
Josh Amblinos tell Georgia Evans to leave the spare room door open when she sleep 
thought football was rubbish and that we could've easily won 
So honey when you're lonely on the road , you're all on your own , hanging outside at the back of the country show ; picture me there with hat down low , a smile upon my face to let you know that I would like to take you home ( 8 ) 
yumyumyum food 
happy birthday mammy beech ! 
had a crackin ' night until he was woke up by Luke Stacey breaking a curtain , good day too and now looking forward to big fat quiz later :D 
tired . 
football is becoming increasingly rubbish the more i seem to play it 
finally got a win yesterday thanks to craddock again of all people .. 
ice on the old eye which is swollen from a head collision in football 
has done his back in 
come on keogh ! 
fancies a cuppa 
jeremy kyle - absolute hilarity ! 
is up and havin a nice chill 
has woke up to aches on his neck 
when you sneeze in the air , it lands in your face , as i just found out .. 
looks like we'll be equal on points with the ' mighty ' liverpool :P 
Alex Morgan has some serious problems ! 
watching stepbrothers 
is still full of energy from rehearsal earlier 
hold on to that feeling ( 8 ) 
Tommy Emmanuel - Angelina <3 
lookin ' forward to the cinema , if we ever get there : L 
wedding singer musical <3 
is having a break for 5 before going up the flacon , duck race ! :P 
good night - massive lol at Alex Morgan for being more drunk than i have ever seen him 
is shattered , but has had a lush day 
thinks glee is class 
get ready to kiss the wolves badge tom ;) 
bless you Josh Amblinos 
just listened to Holly Smith's song and found it hilarious , even after a few years it still makes me laugh 
that wasn't football ... 
sha na na na na na na na na na 
" fiddler on the roof eh ? " ... " yeah i'm a right fiddler ... " 
i love cock 
has had a great day <3 
london was crackin ' 
i hate Tomos Rees 
is also hungry and may raid his kitchen with Alex Morgan , Georgia Evans & Emmy Stonelake 
is laughing at the fact it's meant to snow wednesday 
has been told by Elizabeth Bevan that he makes a good cuppa ... beat that Debbie Bevan ;) :P 
feet are cold . 
thinks this holidays has flown by just a bit 
nothing's plenty for me ( 8 ) 
massive lol at Josh Amblinos for knocking on the wrong house 
is gutted that jonathan ross has quit the bbc 
Tomos Rees has found a new band for me to get into ... 
Luke Stacey is a murderer 
gerry rafferty's saxophone makes me smile 
wants to go to the gym , but isn't sure if he'll be up in time for alex :P 
mathsmathsmaths 
needs a shave and a haircut - and hates Jessica Kate Evans for wanting me to look like jesus 
is looking forward to rehearsal 
good day . 
this is graffiti 
reesy getting turned away for a 15 - made my day ! 
finally got a car to myself 
it was in love i was created and in love is how i hope i die , oh aye ( 8 ) 
le salvager is shite 
has actually had a good night :) 
he's so gay and not in a happy way ( 8 ) 
pink with lace ;) 
in a crackin mood with a cuppa , it's been a good but random evening 
BOUNCEBACKABILITY !!! 
thought today went well :) relatively happy 
is shattered , but in a great mood nonetheless 
rhydywaun's shut tomorrow , as is girl's comp 
is well tired 
looking forward to a spot of football later for the first time in a month 
should get up and shower but cba 
loves Josh Amblinos ' reaction to the new jedward single 
hates snow 
is now a little nervous about tomorrow 
my horoscope ... " david , don't talk today " ... shit 
this is all i need to feel alive 
has had almost no sleep , but an awesome night up Ryan Owen's :D 
lmfao ! " if it's good enough for man utd it's good enough for mick mccarthy and wolves " - oh mick you're a legend 
enjoyed fiddler .. looking forward to a spot of football then party thursday 
is determined not to get ill ! 
still fancies a bit of grub 
good news from glamorgan :D 
goodbye terry :D 
fancies mammy beech's dinner 
you are not your job and you are not the clothes you wear , you are the words that leave your mouth so speak up ( 8 ) 
needs inspiration 
russell howard <3 
hates the wife on glee 
.. ah 
doesn't feel the slightest bit better 
is never taking love advice off ryan after he told me to be abusive : L 
has had a good night , 5 hours of colstars now ... CMON ! 
is pretty confident he won't do very well tomorrow : L 
has cut his thumb ... buggar ... 
is now reviewing his decision :P : L 
so much to do in one lifetime ( 8 ) 
is in a happy place 
is hoping today will be a good day ! 
thinks the pics he's found and uploaded are quality 
... interesting night 
is watching the rugby for some reason 
oh dear 
is an idiot : L 
has had a lovely night and feels much better :D 
hates Jessica Kate Evans after what she did in my car ... 
has a headache beyond belief 
this thing called love , i just can't handle it ( 8 ) 
is now the happiest he has ever been 
GOD THERE IS NO CURE ! 
has now washed his car , cleaned the inside , the lot 
has a bag of oranges <3 
nothing's going to bring this boy down , i met him once in my dreams and he told me ' boy don't you frown ' ( 8 ) 
is so happy , he wants to strip naked and jump on the roof 
just spent an hour cleaning his car and is freezing - just need to wash it now 
aw roro ! 
i gotta be cool , relax ( 8 ) 
can't see myself eating until after half 2 : L : L 
is in Elizabeth Bevan's house and has had one of the best weeks of his life :D 
roro <3 : L 
jamie cullum's album Twentysomething <3 
is so so so so so happy :) 
... the good day was destroyed by roro 
would like to thank ryan , gareth and pete for a crackin ' practice : L and liz for sitting there listening ..... 
liverpool vs everton isn't football , it's a fight 
i'm hearing secret harmonies ( 8 ) 
:D 
just realized how much of his life is involved with music : L 
is DESPERATE for a haircut 
mumford & sons just make me so happy <3 
this day <3 
is looking very much forward to saturday 
is looking forward to his cooked dinner <3 
is watching the hangover with ryan , gareth + luke :D 
stuff i'm doing in guitar lessons is unbelievable ! 
is watching anchorman with roro , pete & gareth 
i want it all ( 8 ) 
bit of guitar <3 
? 
has queen ' crazy little thing called love ' stuck in his head <3 
is still laughing about ryan trying to boil the kettle on the juicer while sober : L 
is starving and doesn't like Ryan Owen's shower one bit ... ryan : " especially cause it couldn't fit both of us in there " dai : " fuck aye " 
wishes he could rest on wednesday 
this weekend is going to pretty damn awesome ... 
is an idiot for missing his guitar lesson : L 
is shattered , stella ftw <3 
is home early and loves it 
lush day with the usuals <3 
thierry henry <3 
has only just got up 
bit of incense <3 
is looking forward to today 
interesting night ... 
dai : " what's your perfect girl ? " ryan : " one red eye , one blue eye " 
thinks getting drunk texts is the best 
mammy beech you fucking beauty <3 
cup of tea , incense , ryan and liz half asleep , it is good :D 
<3 
isn't sure how to feel 
has had a lush day <3 
is developing a blister on his finger from the guitar : L 
haircut please . 
has done his foot in : L 
requires loves ... addicted much ... 
People call me the Bry man ; I'm the stylish one of the group . I know what you're asking yourself and the answer is yes . I have a nick name for my penis . Its called the Octagon , but I also nick named my testes - my left one is James Westfall and my right one is Doctor Kenneth Noisewater . You ladies play your cards right you just might get to meet the whole gang . <3 
it's your flawless soul that bleeds my stone ( 8 ) 
is going to beat ryan , brb 
so much change in six months , culture shock : L 
nobody can live forever because nobody's tried ( 8 ) 
i promise you kid that i give so much more than i get ( 8 ) 
fancies a pizza 
burnt my thumb - Jessica Kate Evans could've told me not to stick my hand in the oven .. 
friends is awesome 
cuts all around my ankle 
hates kari for waking me up 
is in a great mood besides all this business finally catching up with me .. 
crackin ' day - lookin ' forward to tomorrow now 
is starving and looking forward to seeing the back of this week 
airplanes - local natives <3 
coldcoldcold 
we're capable of so much more than the statistics on the news ( 8 ) 
has had a good day 
ryan is one of the clumsiest people i've ever met ... 
yawn 
roro , you lazy ... 
i may not have a lot to give but what i got i'll give to you ( 8 ) 
is watching the di caprio romeo + juliet , class 
is very tired after last night 
dream me pockets full of rainbows because shoulders don't have time to cry ( 8 ) 
2 hour lecture then an hour on a train ... yay ... 
can't wait to leave a lot of people behind for a week 
is lost without his main man tj 
was disappointed with alice in wonderland , but had a brilliant night nevertheless ... despite getting annoyed to the max 
this show's gonna kill me ... blackberry ftw <3 
ryan loves marley and me 
shaun of the dead , class 
2-1 half time , come on wolves ! 
2 hours on and it is still a shitload of filing , only now its all over the floor in various piles 
there goes my back , again 
ryan's famous last words : " I'll take you both on " 
has had a pretty good day 
lol at becca watching hills have eyes 
nice relax rest of the week 
" PM targeted by Taliban " - cheers lads 
loves mammy beech <3 
the sky is full of dreams , but you don't know how to fly ( 8 ) 
it's your flawless soul that bleeds my soul ( 8 ) 
loves notting hill 
bit of cheerios then the half hour walk to uni 
class day 
coming home again to see a girl thats prettier than a diamond shining in the sun ( 8 ) 
stairs ... my one weakness 
" my fingers taste like i've been fingering a pixie " 
I poo while mam watches 
is already dying for some cooked dinner 
is hungry 
needs to push one last time for my music exam ... and then kill himself learning shakespeare 
music for panto sorted 
is starting to feel that maybe guys and dolls won't be so bad 
shaking like absolute crazy in auditions 
really enjoyed rehearsal 
Ewan mcgregor's singing voice - awesome ! 
is in Ryan Owen's with the others after an interesting trip to tescos :P 
congrats pete on losing your football virginity with them lot :P 
well that went to plan : L 
shakespeare : L 
is left to think how his life could be if he didn't make certain choices 
has cried laughing 3 times in the space of an hour and is now loling at gareth who has dribbled down himself 
judging by these opening games , the world cup final is going to be chile v germany 
crackin ' evening 
I love gang bangs 
well that went badly : L 
drunk texts ftw <3 
louis you beauty 
that was awfully interesting to say the least 
south of france - 8 days of booze , jazz + awkward conversations with foreigners , cannot wait <3 
well tbh , that is just laughable ! 
she spoke words that would melt in your hands and she spoke words of wisdom ( 8 ) 
if music was the food of love then i'd be a fat romantic slob ( 8 ) 
I want sex please mail me if interested :) 
got woken by a text , still waiting for dinner + spending my day helping ryan compose : L 
2-2 , suits us fine 
and i can't believe that i'm your man and i get to kiss you baby just because i can ( 8 ) 
is a slut 
frankie boyle's autobiography is genius 
seems to be having a bit of a welsh day today 
exam moved to 10.45 .. damn 
cannot wait for roro to get sunburn in france :P 
has had a shit sleep 
is in gareth's with roro 
out of retirement 
mike you absolute beauty 
' you can't shake hands with a clenched fist ' 
needs food and sleep ! 
is ready to cry with all this shakespeare 
loves this weather 
just realised the size of the task at hand that is friar laurence and quite frankly feels up to the challenge :D 
is going to be an expert on elvis and rockabilly after this essay 
has finally earned pete's respect 
can i lay in your bed all day ? ( 8 ) 
loves talking to pete outside his house :D 
another good day , not wasting a minute of this summer 
is certain his career choice is going to be MD 
bui doi is such a good song 
correction : becca's cock in the eye 
so many quotes from ryan and it's only the first day 
if music be the food of love then play on 
forrest gump <3 
lush day <3 
music prac tomorrow , bring it on ! 
is finally cutting this mop tomorrow 
had a quick giggle at the tape getting stuck to liz's ceiling earlier : L 
had a dream that all the songs and scenes were jumbled up in guys and dolls and I didn't have a clue wtf was going on 
lots to do tomorrow 
is fucking ryan in the ass 
i'm not sleeping at night ( 8 ) 
cannot wait for tomorrow :D :D 
is loving lefou right now <3 
nice one tonight short team , let's up the game tomorrow 
has , for once , worked his balls off tonight 
is looking forward to getting a few gigs under my belt again 
really enjoyed rehearsal :D 
I ' aint no mug son ! 
casually setting of a rape alarm around me does not keep me relaxed ! 
all you gotta do is smile ( 8 ) :D 
has just realised how much things are beginning to add up , and absolutely loves it 
today has been too hot for comfort 
is writing his suicide note later 
Crackin ' day 
becca collins is a dirty slut , who's arse is sore from pete's enormous black cock !!!!! 
is now paying for 2 cups of tea , film and drive home at half 2 ... worth it mind 
Is a mad puppy for g wakin him up 
didn't expect to end up half naked in ryan's bed on a saturday night : L 
that goal didn't even need goalline technology , it needed a ref with glasses 
is a lucky lucky boy 
has had a great day and looks forward to tomorrow 
well looking forward to panto 
feels he has won his battle with becca collins :D 
train you prick ! 
scooby scooby doo where r u 
good night :D 
if we're stuck on this ship and it's sinking , then we might as well have a parade ( 8 ) 
should get to bed seeing as how he has to sing 4 songs tomorrow in front of a strange man 
poets never dreamed they'd get this far and dreamers never thought they could hit the stars ( 8 ) 
could do with a kip 
pete owes me £11.39 
7 years of english , all over 
this snow is underwhelming 
i better start all this homework 
apologies if i haven't text anybody back , phone's broke 
last day , can't say I'm sad to say tra 
lush night but up mega early 
the penalty shoot-out on soccer aid is class ! 
is so very tired after a long drive to and from stratford to see what turned out to be a great romeo + juliet ! 
just got totally owned by a car full of girls and a water pistol 
wow ... 
-phone rings a few times- ryan : " WHAT NOW ?! " 
a bug's life is class 
not a bad music prac except for silent noon : L 
is well chuffin ' with the song choices for panto 
I'm so gay , you wouldn't believe , and ny arse is well sore after joe ! 
has a battery stuck to his wall with bluetac 
cbf 
toy story 3 is class 
wreeeeecked . 
has developed an unhealthy obsession with guys and dolls 
wants to get out the house 
is looking forward to shakespeare later ! 
SOFIO FTW ! 
has just found bruises and lumps along his back from the rolls yesterday : L 
I cany 
cooked dinner then the nanas , legend 
lush night in so many ways <3 
best day i've had in a long time 
is in mumbles pier cafe , or if you're kari ... barry 
is off to watch footloose tonight , sound 
awesome weekend <3 
just rammed a satsuma down my japs-eye 
kari's trying to shit out of our bet stipulation already ... tut tut 
thinks christy is the best sister ever cos she is so awesome 
I like dogs 
has burnt his arm on the oven and it is killing ! 
carworkschoolshowsguitarwriting ; 
poor lilly 
all the guys just wanna be guys who shag the girls who wanna be cries of a young and handsome johnny depp ( 8 ) 
ark <3 
Better start learning lines ... Tomorrow ... 
loves life 
is in the garage for lilly 
fp to the 6 conservative party members who voted against ... still an inevitable outcome 
shakespeare tonight , COME ON ! :D 
" don't be a dick now " : L 
was a bit annoyed after rehearsal , but had a lovely chat with pete outside his house ( Y ) 
thanks for waking me up pete ¬.¬ 
is still loling at the little indian guy spitting at my car yesterday 
biscuits everywhere ... wtf ! 
so this is bliss 
needs to stop looking forward to panto and focus on arsenic ! 
own bed <3 
ta pete , ro , gem 
is eating a bag of oranges 
is getting used to his blackberry 
laugh when you cry and sing whilst you die on the inside ( 8 ) 
this has been a very bad month for injuries 
thinks kari has a hidden talent for waking me up in the mornings 
e-mail back from only boys aloud ... beauty and the beast comes first : L 
has cuts everywhere from various funny incidents 
cooked dinner <3 
schoenberg you steaming mess 
pete , tom , ro <3 
cooked dinner ftw <3 
bouncebackability , do not fail me now please 
finally this day has arrived 
set alam for 9 , up 6:45 , never good news 
is feeling south of france , BOOM TING !! 
david died whilst performing ' gaston ' on stage , sounds about right .. 
it would be raining ... 
nice to hear my mother's reasoning behind me playing a jew : " it's cause of your nose " 
" Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely " 
why the fuck did minogue put that italian numpty through ! 
I like skat 
brb . gonna beat becca . 
here we go ... 
is just chuffin ' he's got into university and is still loling at the fact josh has to do a course he doesn't want to do :P 
many of horror - TUNE ! 
is gonna try learning some of his r+j lines 
loves the banter in maths with tj 
good call on liz's crimbo present 
prosser's elephant jokes <3 
people should smile more ( 8 ) 
jesus christ superstar is just genius ! 
blood brothers <3 
becca abuses me 
it's nice to see i'm kept busy ... also , decent game of football besides a dirty player or two 
actually could do with south of france with the boys <3 
I love come between my toes , they soothe me like a moisturiser 
I like bum fun during the show , all I can say is that baguette came in handy :p 
is wrecked ! 
is dying for a bit of grub 
loves the smell of rain , hurry up and come friday !! 
white chocolate fingers ftw ! <3 
restless night again , darn it 
has eaten so much but is still hungry 
My priorities are well sorted ... Go into the library to work on my presentation for tomorrow and I start playing cat physics 
the joys of school ... it's almost over forever 
Hate not being asleep at 2am 
I suck male bum for a livin 
i hate josh amblin for making my foot hurt 
only boys aloud later , should be interesting 
cbf . 
" you're like a cat " , " who am ? " 
so all were lost , which in the ship were found , they in the sea being burnt , they in the burnt ship drowned 
i'm going to the world cup LOL jk i'm theo walcott 
lots to do , 
actually has a spot of free time 
i don't wanna be something that is ordinarily acceptable ( 8 ) 
has an addiction to the new football manager 
mammy beech <3 <3 
chillin ' watching wedding singer with petepete 
arsenic ? oh dear .. 
felt good about beating ryan 5-1 on fifa ... felt even better beating pete 16-2 
has just notice mike bassett : england manager is on , sound ! 
I hate you shostakovich 
actually a pretty sound day 
LMFAO ! 
well this is a bit shit 
nice to see black eyed peas have shit all over dirty dancing 
thinks the music in jesus christ superstar is just eargasmic 
is it wrong that I'm excited about reading a page and a half shakespearean speech later 
we all seem so different but we're just the same ( 8 ) 
is finding r+j hard ! 
is feeling better 
here after a killer drive ... now to perform ! 
thought doctor who was awesome 
it's just jazz man 
nice to see people talking negatively about muslims no more than a day after the violence at the student protests , bit of pot call kettle 
footbal in the rain <3 
hates the smell of mcdonald's 
all of a sudden bouncebackability doesn't matter when it's someone else , hope you're orite kar <3 
making up words as i go along ftw 
roro got a condom on his head , the muslim 
probably the best sleep I've had so far in this bed ! 
i love you ryan 
way too warm ! 
finally has music for the bows 
has been feeling frustrated 
dara you funny man 
what did steve say now ? 
I love becca 
thoughts go out to the families and friends of the cumbria shootings 
is quite unbelievably still hungry 
i am not a number , i'm a free man ! 
music past paper = bad times 
Isn't feeling this music tech shit today 
is it wrong that i'm looking forward to a five hour rehearsal tomorrow ? 
well done to pete from showing me that song by train , TUNE !! 
last night in megeve 
less than a week until south of france - that is probably the best piece of news i have had all year 
Dorian you are a beautiful mode 
is not a smooth operator 
revision is such a downer after these past few days 
thanks for the wake up call roro ! 
is laughing , almost from sheer disappointment 
hell of a lie in 
roro you dick 
has finally reached his final exam 
I fantisise about my mam 
i'd turn for buble 
half way through oba , awesome fp 
cannot wait for friday 
nicely nicely thank you 
The pain in my throat is agonising 
FUCK AYE ATRIUM ! 
maths in the morning , cbf now : L 
prosser keeps abusing me with a balloon 
louie spence you beauty 
Glad today is over with 
north korea you beauties 
i actually do not care about the exams anymore , summer anyone ? 
only boys aloud - awesome , rushing to rehearsal to find everyone arguing - not so much 
has applied for only boys aloud : L 
forgot how good elf is 
has until 4pm to finish his first music tech assignment 
good practice but so wrecked 
I like big dicks ! an cum up my bum 
parking ticket ( N ) 
is very proud of himself for arranging a four part harmony to ' White Christmas ' 
tired legs , tired little legs 
is boiling after another gaston run through 
I am wet 
focus 
done , BOOM ! 
sound night , massive lol at pete 
thanks to emyr for fixing the power in the house 
is relishing the challenge of romeo & juliet ( also good luck getting angry roro :P ) 
first exam has finally arrived , hello maths 
lol at ryan in rehearsal 
how sad that I know what pitch my shower hums at 
is a caveman in the mornings 
I kissed you in the hallway , then I took you straight to bed ( 8 ) 
Cultures sucks 
back is in agony , but has a massssssive smile on my face thanks to the mrs <3 
so I didn't just win 8.10 down mumbles pier ? beat that roro :P 
gemma is a rare one 
is already loving guys + dolls 
ghost town , good film , now to finish off the beauty and the beast programme and revise 
never thought he'd be one to get as much into religion as he has done lately 
crackin ' day - should actually revise tomorrow 
won't be happy with myself if i do not do well in this maths exam tomorrow 
beauty and the beast this week , wednesday , thursday , saturday you wanna come ;) 
sound flatmates fp 
has developed a taste for autumn leaves ! 
is looking forward to tomorrow 
just had another nap 
this eisteddfod has killed me : L caught up a bit on sleep finally 
that is a shitload of filing ! 
well done in calam , enjoyed 
there goes my back .. 
Is looking forward to sleeping on my new memory foam mattress after sustaining some bumps and bruises during a game of football 
' affliction is enamored of thy parts and thou art wedded to calamity ' , ' what're you on about ? ' ' how many times have we done this scene ? ' , ' that's your line ? ' 
question for the demon in paranormal activity 2 : what's the point in all that fucking about ? 
mmmm I love cock in the ear 
bec you smell 
lush night minus the early wake up call 
should get in the shower and get to school 
needs food ! 
Isn't feeling too clever 
decent game of football , actually scored a penalty for once 
is gonna miss stats lessons with tj saying how much he hates the subject 
sepp blatter must've got my letter .. 
Long day 
thanks for the frape ro ... 
round 2 tonight 
is not looking too forward to waking up at 5 tomorrow 
lol at roro's falsetto 
romeo and juliet - killer ! 
the more I hear the new black eyed peas track the more I wanna top myself 
north korea decided at half time they didn't want to play the portugese anymore 
last chance with beauty and the beast , be crazy and come at 2 and 7 today , crackin ' show ! 
I'm a lovely person 
had a lush lie-in 
thanks you roro for yet again waking me up by phoning me ... prick 
is watching la la land with tj 
this is going to be a long week .. 
is a tired bunny 
Pete giggling at the hare in Alice in wonderland has already made my year 
ta to all for an amazing show 
wow my knees hurt !! 
passed his first assignment , get in ! 
up yours music tech - everything done 
nice night :D summer starts today for me 
Has lost his voice . Cue comedy . 
one to go 
everything's exploding 
roses are red , violets are blue ... fuck you whore 
is still pissing himself at the noise his cat made earlier 
was just violated by liz's auntie 
I am a victim of domestic violence 
2 exams to go , BEAUTIFUL !! 
snort 
beardsley sounds like a pisshead 
thinks the quality of football at this years world cup is poor 
and to think argentina were looking good until the defence decided to let korea play 
1 more speech ... 
needs south of france to be sooner rather than later 
I love you pete 
swansea ftw 
zombie slut !! 
last show , FUCKIN ' COME ON !!!! 
has had a good week besides becca's shit frapes 
exams over ... onto shakey wakey 
yay ... 2 weeks to learn the arsenic and old lace script ... 
always wonderd why I can't fuck a cheese and onion hulla hoop 
has proper done something to his hand 
main instrument : guitar , secondary instrument : bass , instrument I actually end up playing on : piano 
we are the cheeky girls , we are the cheeky girls ( 8 ) 
looking forward to tomorrow :D 
up for a gig after last night 
cerys is a legend for telling me that the 20th century part of my music paper is worth only 6% and the shotakovich and essay is worth 9% ... chill dave ! 
this is the definition of silly o ' clock 
curl on that ! 
jazz band later , sound 
Paul Burling ftw ! 
connected are shit 
to achieve great things , two things are needed ; a plan , and not quite enough time 
Sit down bothroyd 
is annoyed 
this week is going to be a good one 
despite looking forward to getting home , I've had an amazing time and will miss france very much 
I don't care too much for money ' cause money can't buy me love 
Dancing in the street - tune ! 
I will get you back bec :) 
throats totally gone 
is not looking forward to another early morning tomorrow 
beauty and the beast this week , tonight , tomorrow night and saturday night 7pm :D 
up the game tonight 
just got in from playing taxi from cardiff to aberdare , now to bed to be woken up by an 8.30 alarm to learn lines for opening night of romeo and juliet ... good luck to whoever stands in my way tomorrow 
bit of bravheart , still cannot go on pissing in these conditions mind 
has had enough of rivalry and bitching when it's all about a laugh - absolute joke 
dave taxis 
christmas for pete , me treating him to a large dominos pizza ! 
ryan : " i look brown " ... that's sunburn 
is happy for petepete even if he is carribean 
don't leave me high , don't leave me dry ( 8 ) 
rule number 3 : don't undercut a tractor driven by a half naked guy 
just received a lush text , BRING ON THE SHOW ! 
is not feeling this 3 hour lecture at all ... 
at least the problem of my broken toilet flush is solved ... oven ' aint working 
jeremy clarkson ripping popular music - class 
a little pumped for dress 
Ward you beauty ! 
well done to all tonight 
well done tonight babies 
roro can't say irish wristwatch 
effing gnats 
quote of the trip from pete rees : " once you use wet wipes you'll never go back ! " 
come on dai , focus on shakespeare ! 
cheers to the flatmates for staying up and singing happy birthday to me 
that is the loudest my knee has ever clicked .. swear i broke something 
merthyr job centre aka x-men hq 
ta for keeping the house in a decent state 
according to roro , we are the cheeky girl 
misfits is class 
dong da dong dong dong 
awesome night , seem to be singing chitty chitty bang bang and charlie and the chocolate factory a lot on this trip 
beatles , what a band 
limping much ? 
roro is an arab in disguise 
tata wales 
is trying to learn lines on the way to cardiff airport 
can't wait for warm weather so i can wear shorts again 
Feels immature laughing at the film title crank 
my dog spends all day lying in the sun the lazy ass 
think I need to stop wanking so much , my dick now ejaculates powder , oh shit :/ 
never wants to do arsenic again after this 
just had a massive shit .. ready for anal now :) 
I really love playin with cock and bum 
is determined to learn these lines !! 
i would fb rape you but i cba 
would like to wish roro good luck with the amount of work he has to do tonight ! 
MD , sound ! 
I fuck sheep 
federer seems to be taking a leaf out of the north korean handbook 
massive effort in work 
is invisible 
spot of football ftw 
has bought an absolutely gorgeous painting in annecy 
I like big butts and I can't not lie 
roro cannot spell 
dear sepp blatter , your persistent ignorance of goal line technology has now reached the world cup , care to rethink your decision ? 
I love willy 
looking forward to friday ! 
never thought I'd lose faith ! 
hi all I love cheese 
could do with his cooked dinner 
thanks mam for waking me up 10 minutes before me alarm 
monsters inc . class . 
a 25 mark essay on the history of the string quarter ... 5 movements by shostakovich and his string quarter ... the joys of schoenberg , debussy , milhaud , sibelius , stravinsky and co . are some of the things i have to look forward to in my music paper at 9 tomorrow 
casual late night drive over the border and back 
I suck face 
I like man cream 
frickin aubergine ! 
ryan is a child : L 
someones shit in the toilet on the bus and wiped their arse with cardboard 
wheeeeeeeey 
I need large poo 
amazing views , shame about the fart noises by the so called responsible adults down the microphone :P 
fuck , blood 
roll on saturday ! 
rule number 2 : bring speedos 
haha I like bum 
once he's finished with ryan , he's gonna abuse cookie 
gemma is a whore 
has been in work since 10 and subsequently now has a bad back 
Has been looking forward to tomorrow for the past 4 weeks 
ryan's breath stinks ! 
LMFAO 
fuck it , i'm shaving 
south of france , can't wait 
mouth ulcers kill ! 
forgot how good a song flake is 
SOUTH OF FUCKING FRANCE ! 
leave your phone with alex at your own peril 
watching only boys aloud is like watching an episode of x-factor , sob stories everywhere 
that food was sick 
I wonder what it's like to have free time ... 
has walked around all day like an old man 
NERF ! 
effing powercut 
is finally watching 500 days of summer 
frankie + bennys = class 
4 weeks is too long 
has held a lot of anger in for a long time 
mmmmm cock 
pete , ro + gareth asleep ... sad face 
A history lecture about cross dressing ... Good morning dave 
has thought up some awesome ideas for panto music ! 
the beatles are class 
says a lot about becca who just fraped me 
everybody ... cut footloose 
wrecked ! 
back from the dead tieman 
congratulations to mr luke stacey on becoming a father and grandfather and teacher all at the same time at the tender age of 55 :D 
quite looking forward to the 4th 
yq0c 
Day one of my diet : pizza in the oven 
lush night 
and now the reality of lack of sleep kicks in 
roros a prick 
full moons are lush 
just did the shopping with pete , big boy now 
Isn't complaining about the new memory foam mattress and would happily die in my sleep tonight ! 
has had a decent weekend 
hell of a goal to lose to ! 
I just farted in ryan's face 
a town called molleston , my life is complete !! 
happiness isn't happiness without a violin-playing goat 
needs to get out 
Loves the level of noise coming from molineux 
so I haven't made josh and emyr a full cooked breakfast ! 
if we're being totally honest with ourselves , you're a bit of a joke 
young , dumb , living off mum <3 hilarious 
Ahhh children :) 
ta for the messages , especially ryan who got excited and text 2 minutes early 
was impressed with les mis over rhondda 
can't wait to put his body on stand by 
man up snow 
MASHED POTATOES 
ferguson to win x-factor 
has gone to the dark side and bought an ipod 
drop call to wake me up ... when I ring back , no answer ! 
especially beccas 
will never get tired of alex's antics 
jamiroquai <3 
i love my kitty cat 
didn't know ryan's father was in the film speed 
Lost the sky remote . FML . 
glad I ' aint in until 1 
doesn't know what happened to josh/ryan last night 
galway girl is hell of a tune 
4 - do actually miss you sometimes , blonde mind :P 
Now 62 in music cultures ... Wth ! 
dunno wtf is going on 
well up for a game of football 
needs a bath and some grub 
forgot how good team america is 
finally put all my cds onto my ipod :D 
why am i still up after the blatant lack of sleep i've had past few days .. 
damn you fresh prince ! 
... there we are then 
acting like fucking kids mun 
... is now paying for the going to bed late/waking up early combo on top of that : L 
I have nice eyesI 
bring on saturday ... 
no point even setting an alarm anymore 
comedy roadshow :D 
is looking forward togetting these guys and dolls auditions over with 
ukulele ! 
class reminicing session 
is starting to look rough with this lack of sleep 
mr brightside on banjo sounds class 
can't wait to move out for uni 
dizzee rascal is class 
timetable , sound 
is happy with the effort he's made today , 6 and a half hour shift at work , then clean the car out and car wash 
ill give you scrap metal now ! 
just had a giggle to himself remembering emyr's foolishness thinking hed be walking down the aisle at his wedding 
up - what a film ! 
casual late night stalking 
loves the pessimism in people regarding the cartoon profile pictures 
I got sunshine on a cloudy day ( 8 ) TUNE ! 
is well chuffed he hit a B today 
Inbetweeners is pure gold 
is tamping with himself 
despite the good day i need sleep 
Dog has cut her nose ... At least it's the season 
tampin ! 
ryan needs to invest in bigger bowls 
listening to the flatmates on tequila radio , funny shit 
sucks at guitar hero 
Invite to watch villa vs spurs ... Not an everyday morning phonecall 
milton jones is hilarious ! 
bleading from my arse after wiping too hard after a shit , is that natural ? :/ 
I like ball sack 
Commando two days in a row due to lack of clean boxers 
ryan you prick 
orange is the most popular juice worldwide ... up yours apple ! 
loves sucking himself off with a mcdonalds straw :) 
epic fraping 
fucking shitting ' em ! 
no lecturer , no sound , no chance I'm doing any work ! 
bit of late night tesco . fuck aye .. 
jedward getting ripped on buzzcocks , class ! 
looks like bale is starting to rip maicon a new arsehole 
just made a right tit of himself 
is tired now 
my gf is a slut 
has found some old recordings which are absolutely quality !! 
has jammed more today than he has in his life 
I AM GONNA KILL YOU FOR RECORDING SHIT ON MY SKYBOX BEC 
can't . help lovIn cock ayee 
yummy cummy 
" lmfao " has made my evening 
thank you becca for making me tea and toast 
uni ( y ) 
safe to say I am watching corrie tonight 
well enjoyed last nights show , one last time and I can relax for a day before arsenic comes around ... 
is gagging for a pizza ! 
is feeling rough 
Fast forward to next week ... 
People amaze me 
cannot believe it takes becca more than an hour to get ready 
idiot abroad is absolutely class 
isn't she lovely ( 8 ) 
fallin ' asleep everywhere ! 
Fucking iTunes ! 
won't need make up tonight after that sleep 
loves how just for tonight cardiff is more peaceful than aberdare 
lol , fire alarm in atrium 
this is like music theory for fucking retards 
if i have to sit down on the boat once more i'm gonna have to kill someone 
cannot believe I misread my timetable 
is starting to develope nerves for guys and dolls 
that was absolute quality ! 
new tyres on old lily then down to the uni later 
Iphone 4 , sound ! 
finally stopped shaking ! 
sleeping on a train is never a good idea .. 
ow cock in the eye 
where the fuck is the lecturer ?! 
should not have stayed up this late .. 
is looking forward to a spot of football later 
essay complete with bibliography , BOOM ! 
Has been searching for the title of a particular film for a good 5-10 years and finally has it ! Now that my life is complete , I can die ... 
note to self : wake up before going into the living room/kitchen and trying to start conversation 
josh blew my bowl up with porridge 
just popped a spot on my bellend :/ 
big day tomorrow 
if u want a blow job I'm game 
these black clouds do not reflect the sun/heat of today's weather 
This united game is poor 
scented candles ' aint mixing well with my stomach 
onto the next show ... 
is exhausted already , fuck knows how i'm gonna make it through this week ! 
opening night , COME ON ! 
i am aware now , once you do one number - that opens the floodgates ... 12 ! - fucking hilarious , don't need to say anything else you twat ! 
had a lovely conversation on the phone with his girlfriend ... by lovely I mean being called an ugly caterpillar 
fp , dancers on x-factor are shit hot 
watching alex and pete on omegle - genius ! 
first day of uni then 
' aint the world a remarkable place 
has had a very productive day 
they've sent the majority of best acts out 
Bad time for the voice to start going ! 
opening night was surprisingly not bad considering the lack of audience 
has had a nice day tbh 
has caught this cold and sore throat at the right time 
has had an amazing time at the open mic night followed by a jamming session in the flat , nineties child is a fucking tune and a half ! 
geared up for this weekend 
is feeling well rough 
that sleep was a bit shit 
random old guy sitting there slagging every act of the open mic night off , what a tool ! 
write report , hand everything in , play gig , relax for once 
just spent half an hour walking to the atrium to find it is shut due to lack of water 
sunday dinner , the highlight of my week 
This is gonna be a very long day at the start of a long week ! 
FUCK YOU ESSAY , BOOM !! 
cheers to say when for letting me support ( Y ) 
a cock just flew through my window and slaped me in the face 
i am only doing this one because fp to you sophie davies , you have a very good talent and should not waste it - i refuse to do anymore ! 
free sew 
£1 off tampons !!!! 
likes to flick balls 
didn't wanna get up for that lecture , but was well worth it 
Come what may - just those 3 notes !! 
I salute you fat man at the ashes going for gold falsetto ! 
weird photographer guy getting awfully close .. 
I FUCKING LOVE PENGUINS ! 
just watched a porno that used anal beads , it's got me curious about how they feel during sex , anybody wanna help me find out ? ;) 
first assignment , BOOM ! 
fucking maintenance ! 
modes are class ! 
yum table table 
christy's frapes are shit 
This week of auditions is gonna be a pain 
bad day to run out of jeans and resort to shorts 
gay porn on teletubbies wtf 
I love willy ion my bum 
handed in , FUCK AYE ! 
god I need anus 
misfits ! 
please suck me off 
ahhhh don't yawn or make-up will run ! 
this snow is crazy ! 
has the knees of an OAP 
Traffic gods are well and truly against me today .. 
chilly be fucked ! 
life is gonna be a wa-wa-weeee ( 8 ) 
£2.50 for a 9 inch pizza . sound ! 
can't believe I'm gay after all these years 
happiness is a bag of lego 
good effort to ryan with the tagging ( Y ) 
its like a pissing reunion on this train 
ass eat 
would most definately turn for john barrowman 
dead poets society , what a film ! 
never again 
classic FM is pure class ! 
times like these you old dog ! 
has some good ideas for songs for tomorrow and hopes it isn't cancelled 
omg just got caught havin a wank 
s'been a good week 
" now I'd like you to say ' big floppy donkey dick '" - what a classic film 
bo-a-teng 
is asking himself what the fuck sleep feels like 
is never picking pete up ever again as everytime I do he's late 
can't remember what life was like before the coliseum 
couldve sat at that computer on logic all day 
" you will all burn in hell and eternal fire " , " yeah that's nice .. " 
loves eating a bowl full of potatoes 
Lines - owned ! BOOM !! 
I think rooney's decision to stay is largely based on the pasting he got in the media off ian holloway , make sure you send him a christmas card fergie 
fuck me 
following the news qatar are to host the 2022 world cup , i'd like to offer san marino my support for a 2026 bid 
fp , the make-up for johnathan looks absolutely shit hot ! 
living at the col this week , yet again 
get in wagner ! 
simon ?! wtf ! 
cba for this lecture 
chip butty <3 
x-factor's motto : " eliminate the best singers " 
could honestly listen to luke and oli sing girls just wanna have fun all day 
this is the return of the space cowboy ( 8 ) 
workworkworkworkwork 
last night of arsenic and despite the sheer trainwreck of thursday and the lack of time to learn lines it's been fun 
" you'd make a good rapist dai " - cheers kate ... 
highlight of the day : beating becca at guitar hero 
Toy story on sky anytime - my life is complete ! 
since when does this train not go to aberdare 
gonna be a long few weeks 
cher lloyd's face looks like it's melting under those hot lights 
last music cultures lecture & seminar for a few weeks , landed ! 
watermelon man ... that brings back memories ! 
The best thing about glee this week is the dancing , otherwise it's a bit shit with no story 
Has got to the point of " fuck it " with this presentation 
please 
One ronnie is shit 
Child trying to bite Ryan - highlight of the week 
showcase + harmonies ? where did that come from ! 
Banana 
new moon , what a load of shit 
Snog , marry , avoid - how does this shite get on tv !! 
bad sleep 
That's easy for you to say , you're not an evil enchanted tree 
is not feeling full of energy ... 
Never thought he'd love panto this much 
a night on the sofa due to my toilets continuous flushing , better than expected 
Feels a bit gay watching the wolves match only to be sitting here shouting at fabio aurelio for having the tag on his back showing 
forgot to add " christy " to that laste status 
my own girlfriend is trying to kill me 
has spent a good two hours trying to track down a decent piece of sheet music for me and my shadow and has failed miserably 
me and my shadow will be the death of me 
just spotted the most surprised man in britain 
awesome day fp 
Ryan you dick 
laptop works ... yay ! 
Can't be dealing with a presentation and opening night in the same day 
is terrified of being knocked out by the various kitchen implements holding up our den , good effort mind 
68 in my history essay , well chuffed ! Today is going to be a good day ! 
giant icicles , class 
piano phase , how I've missed you 
Evian advert is quality ! 
now wishes he was scottish after watching braveheart - regardless of historical inaccuracies 
love snow over my balls 
hates cufflinks 
this ref is absolute shite 
becca : " I love you with all my heart cause my boyfriend is lovely " - I shall make the most of this !! 
Toy story 2 - class ! 
I love ci 
Football is way too fickle 
Hopes his throat gets better by tonight 
Wind keeps making my car swerve ... Yay 
still wishes alex would've let me get out in the snow ... 
So tired .. 
Status off the iPhone with spell check - epic fail 
76 - quite possibly the best and worst thing that's ever happened to me , despite what you may say , i don't love the abuse and i do love it when you're nice to me :D nah wouldn't change a thing , also , i have clearly got the best present ever for you ! ( nobody else mail me a number - i will be bluntly honest : L ) <3 
Ooo I do love a bit of willy in the bum to keep me warm on these cold nights 
is sad no paedo wants to add me 
Well that went terribly ... 
To the guy singing jason mraz through his nose downstairs , I hate you 
Is feeling on the ball today 
is proud of himself for actually using the library 
Best get sleep out the way ahead of a final nerve racking day ! 
is sure he has an ear infection 
plans on raping his history essay tonight ... and maybe tomorrow 
" Let's be calm now " , " I'M CALM !! " 
Has beat it well implanted in my head ... Gethin you prick : L 
Forgot that waking up early felt like this 
call that a soundcheck ? 
Hangover . 
31st ?! Fuck that went fast 
68 on my arranging , fucking get in ! 
What a beautiful score ! 
best present - cock sock of ryan 
Throat feels a bit sore - praying it's nothing 
( 8)Yummy yummy yummy iv got come in my tummy 
Has " come what may " from moulin rouge stuck in my head ! 
Presentation over - the whole thing a complete blur ! 
Good day , feels a bit like a calm before a storm .. 
Has a plan for a change 
Half asleep and well looking forward to having some food when I get home ! 
Gattuso = thug 
Biffy clyro is serious ear porn 
Rhys ifans in Nottingham hill never ceases to tickle me a bitch ! 
Plans on waking Ryan up tomorrow morning 
Weekend is complete after an impressive win ! 
O captain , my captain ! 
Big day tomorrow ... Yay ... 
Soul/funk - nice start to the day ! 
Is looking forward to spending tomorrow with Petey followed by showcase 
loves his acapella group 
is looking forward to tonight 
what a day <3 
finally got the car washed 
Chuffin ' and tampin ' at the same time 
Still aching from Pete's intense gym session . Prick . 
Let's get this morning done so I can enjoy a week off 
Assignment , you just got raped sideways ! 
loves that becca answers her phone when i ring her ... : L 
really itching for a gig 
Is now paying for what was an awesome night 
music tech report done , would do theory but cba so leave that for next sunday :P 
well looking forward to thursday ! 
Has had a productive day 
Cat jumping into my car and crying all over me ... Ryans street is fucked up 
Ryan giving Pete a bloody nose with a plastic bottle - priceless 
Pulp fiction <3 
" aw man I shot marvin in the face " 
Carrick , what a pile of shit 
Blades of glory has some of the best lines , comedy gold 
" I told you that I wanted to be an anchor ..., "" I thought you were kidding . I thought it was a joke . I even wrote it down in my diary - Veronica had a very funny joke today . I laughed about it later that night . " 
Feels exhausted 
Is rather sad when it comes to music 
Sure I have an ear infection 
The scatcat from the aristocats is the fucking balls !! 
England v India in the cricket is the most tense cricket match I've ever seen 
Ahahahahahaha arsenal 
Hats off to pizza hut for one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted 
Ear is getting progressively worse ... 
I love cock cock is good I want a big hard one up my bum . Any one want to do me ? 
Damn ear 
Ivanovic just looks like a right knob 
Nice to see the premier league yet again providing a shit refereeing performance , best league in the world my arse 
Ryan behind the wheel just looks wrong ! 
Due date - quality ! 
April 12-16 , grease at the coliseum , do me a favour and come along 12/14/16 :P 
How the fuck is a giant pink pig supposed to persuade voters ? 
Can't remember the last time I came from a game of football without a scratch 
Can't feel my legs from playing excessive amounts of football 
Everywhere hurts 
Finally , a premier league referee doing something right 
Top tribute to a top defender ! 
It's stressful being a wolves fan ... COME ON !! 
Steven Russell is an absolute genius 
Rhod Gilbert's DVD is hilarious ! 
Loves stuffing his other half down the side of the bed :D 
Here's me thinking my ears got better ... Bloody kills 
Deaf in an ear ... Greeeeeaaaaaat 
Ryan is a good friend , the gay 
Karl pilkington you are a beauty ! 
A lot of dickheads on the roads today 
Forgot how much I loved les mis 
Is exhausted 
Even with medication my ear is in agony and fuck off commenting sarcastically soph :P 
Fancies a REALLY late night drive 
Damned united makes me appreciate Brian clough 
Grease lines are pretty poor tbh : L 
Ryan is a whiny little bitch ! 
Is looking forward to getting the score to dream on the have a good look at :D 
Cannot wait for my cooked dinner ! 
Is full of deep thought tonight 
Nice day to drive to uni :D 
Now has to combine his epiphany with a few months hard work ... 
Can't get over how shocking the acting in skins is , 10 minutes of my life I'm never getting back 
Pissing freezing in this lecture room 
Dream on , your cd is pants and your music uninspiring ... Oh joy ... 
Brickin ' ' em 
Feeling nervous for a change .. 
Casual reminiscing session up cyfarthfa Astro ! 
Olly murs ' impressions are quality !! 
Glory daze is class : L 
Ah , put that big ol ' smile on my face 
Looking forward to a cheeky pint or two later 
Wrecked ! 
Becca is censoring my status 
As far as weekends go , this one has been shit hot 
Wants the summer to come round , tour ana 
Needs to start learning lines 
Parking randomly to read grease lines with Luke and Audra before a spot of football , sound ! 
Nice punch in the eye ... 
Inspired I am not .. 
Social network's first scene is class ! 
Wrecked but worth it ! 
Has loved these late night drives/chats ! 
Can't wait until tour 
Could do with saundersfoot tomorrow ! 
Is now looking forward to a game of hide and seek on board a 24 hour ferry to Spain in the summer .. 
ROAD TRIP ! 
My arse hole is like a alley way after being anally penetrated very deeply . I love this sensation . 
Hm horse porn 
Damon has a big dick will u give it to me 
Could do with a walk or summin 
Feels rough as ten bears 
Translating a welsh leaflet ... Not exactly uni work 
Is looking forward to Friday ! 
Drive by binning ftw 
It's not speed that kills you , it's Luke behind the wheel ! 
Cheeky drink Friday ? 
Lizzie asking meg if she's ever peed in a bush was a bit surreal 
stupid effing printer ! 
Luke is a dark horse 
Finally has a new voicemail ! 
Grease will be the death of me ... 
What a day , now some more tomorrow ... 
Ring of fire ? 
Wants . Sex with Children again but is jail worth it 
Will not be posting a bitchy status as I am turning twenty this year 
Ryan's pits smell like absolute shit ! 
Needs a win 
Damon is upstairs shouting at himself .. 
Hide and seek in cars in hirwaun industrial estate is the way forward !!! 
Sometimes l question my sanity - occasionally it replies 
Grease practice is only 2-4 in scouts hall for anyone who doesn't know yet 
Says something that my own mother said I'm off form with the funny card this year 
No grease practice today !! 
Still waiting for a win .. 
Just got in , been a long week tbh 
Music tech you are the pain in my arse 
... and my sock is still there 
Music tech done , BOOM ! 
Hates dancing ... 
Fucking dance lift ! 
Tonight has been an experience ! 
Hates Damon as I am now sat outside boys school in pyjama bottoms and his boots 
The bear is out !! 
My knee likes to pick the worst time to play up see ... 
Putting petrol in my car in asda is an experience I never want to go through again after today ! 
Karl pilkington don't half come out with some beauties ! 
Ryan is an absolute knobhead for waking me up 
Damon miles is going to regret not eating my cooking 
Likes getting a text that makes your day ... Loves getting two that make your week ! 
Hopes the cast of grease are grateful to me for getting lost trying to find out where these mics are and then trying to fit it all inside my little c1 
Feels sorry for his overdraft 
Still can't believe Audra made him fall flat on his arse .. 
Is predicting a week of foul moods 
I am the master of my fate : I am the captain of my soul . 
Grease this week from Tuesday to Saturday with a matinee ! I'll be playing Danny Tuesday , Thursday & Saturday , help a brother out and come have a butchers ! 
The bear is back ... 
Dave 1-0 Luke 
Is not looking forward to peeling off my skinny jeans after tonight 
Is in absolute agony ! 
Grease starts tonight for the week ! Would very much appreciate the support tonight , Thursday or Saturday seeing as how I'm going to die of exhaustion at the end of it all ! 
One night over , better than expected ! 
Good luck team B for tonight ! Make it some friendly competition :P 
How's about being good mates and popping down the coliseum tomorrow for grease ? :P 
Coliseum tonight at 7pm , come have a butchers at grease 
The thrills of texting naked ! 
Cemetery junction - class ! 
Likes it when men cum up my arse ! yum ! 
Mmmmm donkey cock ! 
Last chance to see grease , 2pm today or 7pm tonight ! 
Has had an amazing week but is completely sleep deprived ! 
Can't believe I'm only now getting up 
Love how I can't shit in peace in my own home 
Cmon en life , gimme summin interesting 
Ryan's horns are breaking through 
The bear is out ! 
Loves waking up to back spasms see 
Home could be anywhere when I am holding you ( 8 ) TUNE !! 
Looks like the gang's back together again 
Tenacious D , the lads and a road trip to the beach is hell of a start to the day 
Has invested in a trilby 
Should really be making a start on my uni work .. 
Found my capo , nearly cried with joy then began to sing I'm cleaning the desk in the spare room to the tune of White Christmas whilst dusting the desk , hardly a productive day for university assignments but a fun morning nonetheless 
Is cream crackered 
Can tell I'm related to my grandmother who's taken it upon herself to knit the royal wedding 
After hearing David tennant act with a welsh accent so convincingly , I must ask if there's no end to his talents ! 
United - absolutely brilliant 
Paolo ? Oh yes ! 
wtf is sleep ? 
60 massive no . 1s - possibly the best investment I have ever made ! 
Biffy clyro's puzzle is blatant ear porn ! 
Is now in agony 
Will always love parking up in a doggers spot alone with Luke ... 
Has woke up barely being able to stand , where the fuck did this come from ?! 
Luke brings out my tourettes ... 
Wishes his knee would behave ! 
Cane downstairs to find my father playing doom on his iPhone with the royal wedding on in the background ... Nice violent sound effects over the top of " does anyone here know of a reason why these two should not be together " and whatnot 
Try everything once 
Fucking lads 2kfun 
Paolo , you babe ! 
Has so much respect for bobby charlton 
Kicking a ball through a car window supplies hours of fun but unfortunately does not finish my university work 
Will do work today 
Score ? Pah ! 
Blasting enter shikari , class ! 
Is in need of a shave 
Explaining to Luke the rules of aggregate is awfully tedious to the outside world .. 
interesting practice for my practical tomorrow ... 
No car , lugging around an acoustic guitar and bass and missing the train , fun being me .. 
Has been saved by Gioja ! 
Nice 45 minute wait for a train ... Ffs ! 
fuck uni . you suck . 
This will be a long day .. 
Here we fucking go ... 
2 hours in the library and I've lost the will to live 
Is spending the majority of Much Ado sulking against the wall 
cannot wait until 4pm tomorrow 
cultures done , history started , should be over in an hour and a half ! 
Fuck you history essay , fuck you cultures , I'm done ! 
All work handed in - and relax 
Has finished his own arrangement of calon lân , bang tidy ! 
We found Dai ling ping working in asda petrol station kiosk ! 
Is a lazy fuck 
Forgot how much I love the stadium arcadium album 
Has had a bromantic day with Pete ! 
has more tagged photos than friends 
Looks like scruff but is comfy as fuck ! 
GET IN YOU FUCKING BEAUTIFUL WOLVES YOU !!!!! 
Oops .. Tipped coke on the floor of Luke's car 
Wolves win , Swansea 3rd , arsenal lose and united win - fucking good weekend for football 
Christy Evans : " that an awkward turtle swimming past with a fail whale " - you absolute fucking beauty you 
What a difference in weather between Cardiff and aberdare , boiling ! 
Looking forward to a day of sweet fa tomorrow 
Thank you Sophie for letting me wake up to a text saying " fuck you " - the joys of being a showcase twat :P 
fancies a piss-up 
Looking forward to seeing Josh get deported back to turkey 
is gonna miss Josh Amblin after he got deported today 
