is going to fail this test . Couldn't start studying til now . 
is about to head to the vet's . Bets are still going on how many extra animals I come back with . 
About to study for a test . Kinda wishing I hadn't slept through it or skipped it all through most of the semester . 
is trying to find a good song to listen to . Help would be appreciated ! 
so does not want to go to classes tomorrow . Like every other student looking forward to the break . 
is so excited that it's the weekend that I could explode ! 
think that I'm gonna go to bed early . 
is procrastinating . Again . 
probably failed her Japanese test . But at least the semester is over ! 
might have actually passed that test . :D 
Bleh . I feel like Scrooge now . 
is apparently the only one who isn't going shopping tomorrow . :( 
is getting fed up with technology . 
wants new eyeballs . 
I'm completely bored . Anybody have a suggestion for things to do ? 
has a silly little brother . 
wants her computer and phone to work . 
Thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday yesterday ! 
is wondering what the flip people are thinking ? 
has just recently been informed that saying ' beer can ' with a British accent sounds like saying ' bacon ' with a Jamaican accent . 
I'm boooooored . Somebody needs to kidnap me . :D 
You don't get everything you want , so put on your big girl boots and get over it , because the world doesn't revolve around you . >.< 
Maybe I just don't get it . 
Had to go to a computer lab , so Banie could make an all important Frontierville run . :) 
is going to wear flipflops . Even though it's supposed to rain . 
So , I had a dream last night that I was teaching a college English class . I wonder if my subconscious is trying to tell me to switch majors again , haha . 
My biggest annoyance at the moment : people who use ' u ' instead of ' you ' outside of text messages . In fact , using text speak outside of text messages just annoys me ! It's not that hard to type ' see you later ' instead of ' c u l8r ' . Pffft . 
I want a puppy ! A morkie puppy , to be exact :DDDDD 
Thanks to everybody who wished me happy birthday ! :D It has been an awesome day so far ! 
wants to beat her head against a nice brick wall . 
I see nothing wrong with describing how I am doing with the word ' awesomesauce . ' 
has moved past considering . Is now planning . 
The round and round of all that is . 
" Vampires rule ; Meyerpires drool . " :DDD 
is really gonna regret not making herself study right now . 
Twilight+Harry Potter = One very dismayed Nona 
is about to cook some crab rangoon . :) 
wants to pierce her ears again . 
is cynical . 
is bored out of her mind . 
We have lingered in the chambers of the sea 

By sea-girls wreathed with seaweed red and brown 
Till human voices wake us , and we drown . 
-T . S . Eliot , " The Love Song of J . Alfred Prufrock " 
thinks that it might be time to stop reading Harry Potter fanfiction when you stub your toe and the first thing you say is " bloody hell " . 
Hmm . Think I'm gonna go spork my own eyes out . 
is attempting to work on her project . Is considering murder . 
Mom made me blackberry jam . :D And we're in the process of cooking up a few pints of strawberry balsamic jam . So excited ! 
I've managed to procrastinate for almost 6 hours . Maybe I should start studying now . 
Some things I won't do , some things I can't do , but some things , I just don't want to do . 
dilikes life today on principle . 
has had better nights . 
Just woke up , and I feel like a zombie . 
I have a caramel apple sucker ! :D 
If I hear " Pretty Boy Swag " one more time , I'm going to puncture my ear drums with rusty nails . 
Me , arrogant ? Of course not ! 
is confused by people who would rather whine about something than laugh about it . 
Why are these apps so addictive ? 
I can listen to my article for my literature review by someone with an Australian accent . So . Excited ! 
I want bright red streaks in my hair . And another set of ear piercings . 
has a crazy orange kitten . 
Just about a week until vacation , and I can't wait ! 
thinks the twins are really mean to her ! 
is putting off studying for a personality exam . 
is way too excited to see the way that Butch Hartman managed to mix Greek mythology into this episode of Danny Phantom . 
Hmmm . I've finally seen Blazing Saddles . I feel like this is some sort of momentous occasion , haha . XD 
doesn't get why people are so melodramatic . 
Bleeeeeeeeeeh . :( 
Tonk tonk tonk ! 
One more class ! I just have to stay awake through one more ! 
is laughing so hard she's crying . 
loves to laugh . 
Bleh , I can't for the life of me make myself start my paper . 
I'm the dagger in your back , an extra turn upon the rack . 
" WC . " " ..... Water closet ? " 
The limerick packs laughs anatomical 
Into space that is quite economical . 
But the good ones I've seen 
So seldom are clean - 
And the clean ones so seldom are comical . 
Sounds like love- but it looks like sex . 
I'm done with classes for the semester ! And none of my finals are looking to be horrendous ! Now , home to a hopefully long nap . 
is bored . With almost everything . 
is in a pretty good mood , but tired . Now , to bed ! 
Because , apparently , I think I'm too good to sleep , haha . 
should get started on her Greek/Roman mythology project . 
My ickle twins are growing up , lol . 
hates studying . 
They're not all my dogs- I don't think its wrong for me to say that everybody can help clean up after them . 
Okay , another grammer complaint- accept and except are two different words . You ACCEPT all gifts EXCEPT those that come from enemies . 
Apparently , we didn't tip the banana boat captain enough- so he tipped us . Over . 
doesn't get why so many people use ' your ' when they mean ' you're ' and vice versa . 
hates trying to suck big pieces of fruit up through a straw , then choking when it all of a sudden hits the back of my throat . 
is done for the semester !!! 
Kay , I know I'm straight , and everybody wonders why I care so much about this- but I'm so freaking glad that Prop 8 got declared unconstitutional ! 
And how can people say that animals don't have souls ? Of course they do ! 
is getting thoroughly sick of the Staples commercials !!!!! 
I'm bored . Anybody have any music suggestions for me ? 
I have another kitten ! This one's name is Gabby . I'm excited ! 
I want to watch a good zombie movie . 
has a kitten chewing on her foot . 
Superman as a teenager wearing skinny jeans and hoodies , due to what they are terming the ' effects of the Twilight generation' ? I don't know what's worse- that they're turning Superman into a whiny emo , or that my generation is termed the Twilight generation . 
Ow . Just tried to put in my contacts- with salty fingers . I'm an idiot . 
I has silly putty ! 
I really need to stop reading angst before I go to bed . 
I'm bored all break long- then it comes time for school to start , and I suddenly don't want to go . 
My sister has a problem . I mean , seriously- who needs so many tabs for school ?! 
should really be doing the dishes . 
So many things to say- so many fights that will start if I do , haha . 
I feel like ramming my head into a brick wall . For starters . 
Bleh . I need a job . Anybody know if anybody in Augusta is hiring ? 
I have a twisted imagination . Enough said . 
I want a PS3 for one reason , and one reason only : Final Fantasy XIII . 
It is entirely too cold outside . I'm dreaming of an 80 degree Christmas ! 
Loved the Renaissance Faire ! :D 
Why edit myself ? 
Rawr , the only words in my mind right now are serotonin , dopamine , and norepinephrine . I'm either going to fail this test or ACE it . 
I am soooo tired . Yuck , I hate first days of classes ! 
There goes another goal , straight out the window . Bleh . 
Music is what you hear- not what you see . 
We have reached the beach ! Woohoo ! 
I'm trying to force myself to write . It's not going so smoothly , haha . 
I have Lunchables ! :D 
I know I'm just hearing all the negative stories , but sometimes I just get very upset with people . 
There is no reason in the world for me to get below an A in Abnormal Psychology ! It's mostly online , and I can take the quizzes and final as many times as I want within a certain time frame . 
As Lady Chatterly said to all her lovers , ' Sure , why not ? ' 
I do NOT wanna buy my textbooks . Can't I just drop out and bum on the street ? 
feels like randomly shouting " FAIL ! " 
Wow . One class today . And a field trip . :D 
I never realized quite how sexist the stop motion version of Rudolph , the Red-Nosed Reindeer is ! 
Haha , it seems like the only time I ever set my status anymore is in PSY 210L . 
hates being treated like the bad guy . 
If I bounce out through the roof of this car , I am coming back down with a VENGEANCE . 
Dear Facebook users , 
There is a reason sentences have punctuation . 
Love , 
Adriana 
Class three of five is about to start , and I am ready to go HOME . 
I want a pet rabbit . I don't know why . 
Wow , I'm tired . Bleeeeeh . 
is feeling emo . :( 
And the family is gone . :) When the family's away , the Nona will ... Er , write a paper . Bleh . 
is in a pretty good mood . :D 
Got my homework done for the weekend- and I still have a full day of weekend left ! What is wrong with this picture ? :) 
is looking forward to her board game marathon with her midgets . :D 
Oh , boy ! Almost time for Round 9 ( 10 ? ) of " Why None of You are Ever Going to be a Psychologist " ! 
I'm a little too excited about going to Halloween Express after school , methinks . 
Wake up and smell the sarcasm ! 
is going to fail her cog test . Woohoo ! 
" Captain Walmart bag is defiant and follows the rules ! " - Noses Optional 
is no longer feeling emo , thanks to Adair ! :) 
is NOT a happy camper . 
Left , right , straight ahead- you're in the labyrinth . 
Gah ! I'm so sick of papers ! 
I am officially crazy today . 
I . Am . So . Booooooored . 
We're selling an image . Everything must go . 
I have Zeromancer stuck in my head so badly . All in all , it could be worse . 
I think the U.S. should 1 ) Legalize marijuana , 2 ) Completely overhaul the educational system , 3 ) Legalize gay marriage , and 4 ) Allow restricted abortion rights everywhere . However , I doubt any of this happens in my lifetime . 
Grrrrrrr . 
I wanna see the new Harry Potter movie , but the sheer SUCK of the other six has destroyed my faith in the movie industry . :( 
Something in my purse keeps setting off the anti-theft detector thingies at Walmart , so everytime I leave , I get rushed by the octegenarian guarding the doors , haha . 
I have elf ears ! YAY ! 
So maybe I've developed a small obsession with zombies- since when is that a bad thing ? 
Grrrrr . 
Haha , thanks to everybody who's wished me happy birfday already ! :) 
Screw it . 
Glitter ! 
How is Orlando Bloom going to be playing Legolas again in The Hobbit ? Legolas isn't in that book ! D: You can't rewrite Tolkien just to throw Orlando Bloom into the movie ! 
I cleaned my room ! Now I can actually see the floor . FYI , it's grey . :) 
Bleargh . 
Every morning , I wake up and check to see if any classes are canceled . And every morning , I end up sitting in the car with Bonnie and Clyde , heading off to NKU . :( 
Change but the name , and the story is told of yourself . - Horace 
ps- Sorry , Laina ! 
Bleeeeh . Today is not going to be fun . 
Nice . 
And away I go , to play Final Fantasy V for a bit before bed . :D 
Oh , flip flops . If only it weren't for the predicted rain- otherwise , I'd be wearing you right now . 
I do NOT want to do homework . :( 
Rain . Yuck . The only time I like rain is when I'm curled up inside and there's lots of lightning , thunder , and wind . :) 
Ahhhh , Avenue Q . :) You make me so happy . 
My top five places to eventually see : Japan , Greece , Turkey , Egypt , and Ireland . One day , I'll get there . :D 
So many songs stuck in my head ! 
Summer is coming , and I can't wait to feel my feet again ! 
My hair is ready for Easter ! 
Almost done with homework ! Then I get to start studying . Bleh . Saturday , you can't come fast enough ! 
Best . Boss . Ever . :D The highlights stay ! 
Motherly advice : " One day , your man will come . And when he does , you run away as fast as you can , because men are idiots . " 
Gah , I have a tickle in my throat that I can not get rid of . 
Why limit voting ? As long as the voter is an American citizen and 18 or older , why limit it ? It doesn't make sense to me- at all . 
What does this thing mean ? It's impossible for my GPA to have dropped below 3.0 - it was 3.9 at the beginning of the semester , I have at least a B in all of my classes , and the only first session class that I am in hasn't finished grading everything . Either I'm worried about nothing , the email got sent to the wrong person , or something bad has happened , lol . 
FYI , Discover- NO means NO . 
Tiiiiiiiiired . 
Let the guitar scream like a fascist . 
Feeling kinda lonely and unwanted . :( 
Like blue electric angels . 
Trying to stay in a good mood ! 
My newest goal in life : to visit Tashirojima- otherwise known as Cat Island . :D 
I just bought Brokeback Mountain . Somehow , I don't think that it will be the choice for any family movie night that occurs . Ever . 
YES ! French is canceled ! 
Bermuda , Bahama , come on pretty mama . :) Summer can't get here fast enough ! 
You know it's well written when you feel like you're the one about to be captured . 
Snrrrrrrk . XD 
I have no life . Seriously . 
I never asked for an intervention from my Hetalia addiction . 
Impatience- maybe . Perhaps , though , it is more aptly called common sense in this case . 
Now , to lay in bed and enjoy some quality M*A*S*H ! 
I'll shine but I'll never be see through . 
I want to be an only child . :( My siblings are mean to me . 
