Happy birthday to my sister ! ( again- not important to any of you , but hey ... ) 
is about to go see Shakespeare in the Parks for the first time ! :D 
once again :D 
was in a good mood but now is just kind of confused and irritated . 
Happy Birthday to my brother ! ( which is totally uninteresting and irrelevant information to all of you - but I am bored enough to write it anyway ... i have way too many things to do to be bored ) 
So basically , to break down my life right now - I need more time ! Where can I buy some ? :D 
:) 
It would seem caring for people really is just a nuisance . ... doesn't mean I don't enjoy having people to care for , but it does bring about lots of problems :'( 
Just got back form trip . I start work tomorrow :D 
My dad is leaving for business for two months . It will be very ... strange . :( 
BOOYAH ! Guess who's driving alone now ?! 
Stupid quizzes ! They take too much time , yet for some reason i enjoy them anyway . 
ugh . I feel like I'm drowning . apparentently I've been drink at least 3 liters too little a DAY ! how do people drink so much :( 
Driver's License test today at 4:30 
" wanna buy a watch ? " haha ! ( hopefully this does not reference something ... odd , like so many other things I say ) :D 
fresca is evil . 
It is official ! Next May , my sister and I going to our first Anime convention ! It's in Boise Idaho ! XD 
geez . i think that stupid fresca has finally left me alone . 
Class starts Monday ! 
Time for Harvest ! 
Just got back from camping - Hope you all had a happy fourth of July ! :D 
It is official - Tuesday is the worst day of the week . And yes - the car will always lose . 
" Doesn't anyone here live an original life , what did you surrender to be on the inside ? " 
so , like , yeah ... :D 
ugh . anyone have some body parts i can have ? I need to a trade in my knee . haha :D 
The doom song - haha :D 
not in a good mood - i suggest not talking to me for awhile I might explode 
ugh . just ugh . 
is reading too many sad books lately :( 
is never going near an energy drink again . 
Oh Yeah ! My dad gets back home tomorrow ! 
yep . need to do my homework . ehh , tomorrow :) 
My dad gets back today ! At 6 pm ! 
That's it ! I'm upgrading to Windows 7 - or even XP if necessary ! 
Yes ! 5 page essay done ! ( minus the editing , but close enough ) 
is ticked off and disgusted . @# ! % curses at stupid idiotic uncaring unthoughtful selfish lying people 
Driver's License test tomorrow ! Wish me luck ! 
could someone please tell me how to addanother network - for the life of me i cannot figure it out ! 
Haha ! Haleigh is liking the idea of writing a paper on what ticks me off for Writ 101 :) 
knew there was a reason she hates hospitals so much . :( 
i need to stop being so pesimistic :) 
breathe in ... breathe out ... 3 relatives will be on Tuesday ! 2 I haven't seen for a year , the other I haven't seen in 6 or 7 years ! :D 
Morgan is playing viola - most beautiful sound ever . Nothing will convince me otherwise . 
boredom = taking pointless quizzes , although I shouldn't be bored I've plenty to do . ... I'm just avoiding it . ugh . 
stress . 
Yes ! I now have a direction ! I've declared Psychology ! 
i suppose i should do homework now 
finally picked a halloween costume - Undead Link ! haha :D ... yes . seriously . 
hmm ... 
is sick . dang it . 
I'm gonna die of stress - I swear . Thanks to all contributing factors :( How come everyone else has their stuff together - did i miss the stress management class ! :) 
" You came like crashing thunder , breaking through these walls of stone " 
finally , it has clicked - and it is not good :( 
my apologies but I currently don't play Mafia Wars even thoughi t says I am . just so those of you sending mme mafia stuff are aware of that , thanks anyway though 
" Where can I buy a phone ? " 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
elated . for no good reason other than talking to friends :) 
my sister says I am becoming obsessive over wolfram . I suppose that's true . just out of curiousity - Do any of you know who wolfram is ? :D 
well ... hmm ... nothing to say . 
it should be illegal to be this cold 
i don't play farmville or farmtown - there are too many facebook games ! 
worst day ever . >:( 
by the way , while I'm thinking about it . this hasn't happened yet but I will track down and smack anyone who takes pictures of my sister and posts them on the internet . 
2/2 finals not yet completed 
it would seem even hospital computers crash on occasion 
* twitch * 30 people have sent you farmville gifts ! = Delete , delete , ignore , delete , ignore , ignore , DELETE , IGNORE ! Thank you all for being so generous but please no more , likewise if I ever send too much flair or something please tell me ! 
Yay ! for Spirit Tracks :) 
I wonder what the chances are that I could make it into med school - i'm seriously considering trying :) 
Merry Christmas ! Happy Holidays ! 
Jigglypuff does not approve apparently 
Avatar vs . Sherlock Holmes - i saw both this week and could not decide which i liked better overall . in the end i have concluded that both movies are too different to compare - i must see both again before making anymore of a decision - haha :) 
No , I'm not . 
WAIT !! 
hey could someone give me some computer advice ? 
Happy 2010 !!!! 
pwned ^_^ 
ugh . 
blah 
Isn't it amazing how many problems can come from food ? Next time any of you see me - make sure I'm eating please 
as long as you're happy , that's all that really matters 
it's spring break !!! 
seems to have caught a one in a some# chance 
listening to Scooter :D awesomeness 
I love you all , but no matter how good of a friend you are - I am still not planning farmville :) if i ever change my mind - i will tell you guys 
Yup yup :D Life is a very good thing 
:D 
Had an excellent weekend and is feeling better :) 
Hmm , it'd seem eating is good for you :) haha 
is extremely lucky :) 
I am staying in Bozeman for Spring Break :) 
Alas , I weep for humanity . There are a lot of sick and idiotic people in the world , and it would seem many of them work in the video game industry . 
I finally got Skype :) 
Yay :D 
so it is official : Here in a couple months it's back to TN for a visit !!! :D 
Taylor Mason ( comedian ) was Awesome ! hahaha XD 
Bring it on Math test :) 
is busy being optimistic XD 
I just love being lied to . Ugh . Bring it on Math final . 
Slept about as well as one would have in a snake pit :p gah . 
Math final done :D 
May the Fourth be with you all XD 
Only one final to go ! 
Finals done ! 
stupid drivers complaint # 2 = at roughly around the same time each day something strange happens where the sky goes dark , you may have also noticed you cant see as well when this happens . No one else can see well either . TURN ON YOUR HEADLIGHTS ! 
Please don't instant message me anymore - my computer freezes and half the time I can't even read the message before it shuts the internet off 
Happy Easter ! 
" everyone hides shades of shame , but looking inside we're the same " 
stupid drivers complait # 1 = if the speed limit says 25 , then i am going to drive at 25 - so back off my bumper ! and if u didn't notice the sign telling the speed limit then learn to read or get off the road !!! 
has decided Ponyo is one of the cutest movies ever :) 
My computer is being stupid again so please no live chats - it completely freezes my computer 
done with finals ! 
" Now I know that if you wait till you think you are ready , you'll wait all your life . " - Will , Ranger's Apprentice 7 
The best moments seem to be a simple and refreshing few minutes of good air after a no t-t he-best day . 
listening to Epica :) 
yep :) Life is good 
" Nobody react to what I'm about to tell you , but I think that kid is the avatar ! " 
My first day of class is tomorrow ... Speaking of which does tomorrow have one or two ' r's ? I have always used two but my phone is convinced it has only one . 
only one more final 
Merry Christmas ! 
" cheese and crackers ! " 
Yay for cute Frog erasers ! 
" It's so fluffy I could die ! " 
I do not understand what is going on with the new zodiacs but I checked and I'm still Taurus :) Which thankfully means I can still have that Taurus keychain hahaha XD 
Is anyone interested in buying artwork from me ? I'm not gonna ask too much for any of it because I'm not a professional , but all together it takes up a lot of space so I need to get rid of some , and due to paint costs I thought I should at least try and make money off of it . haha :D If you're interested tell me and I'll post pictures . If you want something I don't have , tell me and I can paint/draw one just for you ! 
has decided to get a bearded dragon for a pet ... eventually :) 
Harvest time ! 
https://communicationshutdown.org/?view=home&user_id=4818 
Do you ever ask yourself " Why did I feel I needed to sign in to facebook right ? Especially since there's something else I should be working on ? " Hmm . Anyway , guess I should sign out then :D 
" May all your bacon burn . " - Calcifer 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman ... has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile :) 
Another good day :) 
I hope happiness is contagious :) Otherwise I spent my whole work day thinking on this and coming to the conclusion that yes it is contagious , only to have reached to false conclusion . haha 
alas , christmas songs are already stuck in my head :) 
I think I've reached the point of disliking the counter on friends . Cuz then when you are ' defriended ' and you realize " I have no idea who defriended me " ... The realization that you do not even know who it was makes you feel kinda bad , until you also realize that if you don't remember them then you probably weren't that good of friends anyway . 
Yay for 2011 ! :) Or maybe I should Yay for 2010 since it is over , to celebrate it ? Oh well , Yay for something ! 
You know that feeling of dumbfounded elation ? The best way to describe it is your brain fell out of intelligence into lala land and is now sitting there drinking from a kid's juice box and eating cookies while your face seems to be stuck with a permanent but genuine smile . Yup . That is me :) 
After going a week without internet I have come to realize what a ( mostly ) waste of time it is . 
