i desperately need materials for my stables or my house if you can send anything . thanks so much 
i could swear i just wrote that 
barb you are a sweetheart 
i need 3 windows , 2 bricks and 2 vines to finish my house . if anyone can help i would appreciate it greatly . thanks . 
anyone able to help with horsr stable ? would appreciate anything . thanks 
my house is complete thanks to all my friends . i still need stuff for my barn though if you have it thanks again 
i need 2 bricks and my house will be done . anyone got bricks ? i would appreciate your help . thanks 
i need one more aged brick to finish my house if anyone will lend me a hand i would appreciate it thanks 
anyone that is willing to help me raise my stable i would appreciate it . i need everything but bricks . thanks to all my neighbors !! 
HideCathresha Holley ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! DO NOT join the group that runs currently on facebook with the title " becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life " This is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos !!!!!!! Please copy & paste this to your status and pass it round ...... before someones ph ... ot ... 
i need my friends to tell me what they need before i send gifts so i can try to send you something useful 
dont repsond to item below for robin whelan . there are some strange things going on here . i dont even belong to zoo world 
to john collins i tried to send you a gift but my comp . froze i will try again later 
i need 4 more people to help with my barn raising . i cant help but notice my family didnt help so come on you guys or the next family reunion will be really tense 
i need energy for treasure island if anyone will send some it would be great . i finally got my shovel back !!! 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . " ..... Put this on your status if you have a child you love more than life itself ... 
hi mit 
as a nurse i see elderly people every day that cant buy their meds . i dont feel this is the place to discuss politics . its a game to have fun not debate politics . save it for voting day . 
to all my castle age friends , when you send gifts i cant accept them . they were all lost . page said internal problem . thanks for trying but please dont send any right now because i would really love to keep them !! 
farmville will not let me accept any gifts for 2 days now . i swear i am not ignoring anyone and would return the favor by sending gifts but cant right now . sorry and dont forget me cuz soon this should be fixed yeah right !! 
i need one more board and i am done . anyone have a board to spare ? 
PLEASE !!! send me the yellow shrubs if you are sending me anything . i really need and want them !!! thanks 
i would really appreciate it if one of you would send me an energy pack . i need it badly . 
what monster would you be ? -- My Result : vampire . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/743855/referrals/status?aid=100000731334660 
i need 5 more boards to finish my nursery . will someone please help ? 
Robin Prieto aka Ice Queen is my bff since we were kids and is flying in today to see me for the first time in 20 years !!!!! sooo excited . cant wait for 11:30 
There 
comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and 
people who create it . Surround yourself with people who make you laugh 
so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short 
to be anything but happy ! Repost if you agree .... I just did . :) 
I have been given permission by my daughter Holly Hurst to officially announce I am going to be a Grandmother in August !!!!! This will be my first and she found out a week after graduating Cum Laude from college . I love my 2 wonderful girls but only 1 grandkid at a time please lol 
i cant send gifts from cafe . all requests get lost . will try later . sorry 
my gift sending isnt working clannies , so sorry . i will keep trying . 
THESE PEOPLE SHOULD BE PUT TO DEATH ... SLOWLYNorth Central Cat Death Group This group is for all of those who have thought about takling a God awful cat that you hate , and put it in a pillow case to get it nice and dizzy . You then take a little aluminum foil helmet and put i ... 
we are just finishing up the party after my daughters graduation from college today . we had the best time . one of hollys friends was on american idol so we played rock band for hours and everyone had a turn even if some were better than others lol . they are still up drinking , i am hitting the sack and leaving the rest for the young people . i couldnt be more proud of my daughter 
my shovel is gone in treasure island . does anyone know how to fix this ? 
All you people that are supposed to be christians and believers please follow what you preach . love your brother as you love yourself . that means everyone , not just those that look like you . 
i need help in vw missions to clear lab of mutants . not sure how to post it to ask for help . any help or advice will be appreciated . 
last time i am going to ask , does anyone that does not have thier wings yet want some free hides ? 20 black or 17 purple . please leave them for those that havent gotten their wings yet . just message me if you are interested and i will send them over . hope they help someone instead of like those damn dolls just gathering dust lol 
do we really need to send anymore dolls at this point ? i have hundreds and still get them from missions . does anyone know if we need to continue to send them as gifts ? 
FEARLESS TIM , I CANT FIND YOU TO RETURN ASTRAL PROJECTION . WHERE DID YOU GO ? PLEASE RESPOND SO I CAN RETURN IT . 
PLEASE DONT SEND ME ANY MORE DOLLS . IF YOU DONT WANT TO GIFT ME THATS FINE BUT THE MISSION HAS BEEN OVER FOR A WEEK FOR ME . THEY ARE NOT NEEDED AND CANT BE GIVEN AWAY . THANKS ANYWAY . 
Mark stay off my stuff loser and dont contact me . You are already in trouble . 
I have 34 purple and 2 red hides I will trade for black if anyone is interested . we can split them up if you dont want them all . 
anyone want to trade 15 red hides for black ? 
i am in need of vindicator mission items if anyone is gifting to me . i think i have enough dolls . thanks 
ITS ON ! WATCH OUT , THERE WILL BE FIREWORKS ! OR FIRE OF SOME KIND BUT DEFINITELY NOT ARSON , RIGHT ? HUM 
I want my clan to know I am not ignoring their requests for reubles . I try to send when requested and it still says too late . I had to resort to using FP to get some . This getting old fast . 
What Badass are you ? -- My Result : Cyborg Pirate Ninja Jesus !. http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/743810/referrals/status?aid=100000731334660 
Robin Whelan can any one tell me how to email facebook ? i have tried all i can think of and would be very grateful . thanks 
anyone playing treasure island .. i no longer play and would be glad to see if i can fill your wish list . post it and if i have it i will send it . 
can any one tell me how to email facebook ? i have tried all i can think of and would be very grateful . thanks 
TIME TO KICK SOME ASS AND MAKE IT BE REMEMBERED . SICK OF PEOPLE AT A PLACE I SPEND MOST OF MY TIME AND ITS NOT HOME . REMEMBER YOU GET WHAT YOU GIVE AND GOD CAN I GIVE SOME SHIT . JUST ASK MY 4 EX HUSBANDS , OH RIGHT YOU CANT , WELL NOW YOU SEE WHAT I MEAN . 
Robin has reached her limit and what happens next will be exciting indeed . It will be like the sopranos unfolding only without the physical harm . i am required to say that lol will start first episode tonight so make sure to read because it will be an amazing thing to see 
just to let everyone know that the legal system does work for us sometimes . just spoke with the domestic violence division here regarding all the harassment we have been getting from dereks family and they are ready to go pick him up . YEA !!! 
I invented violence you vile , venomous , volatile b@#$HES 
I invented violence you vile , venomous , volatile b@#$HES . 
IT IS AMAZING HOW PEOPLE ACT TO HIDE THEIR TRUE FEELINGS , THE LENGTHS THEY WILL GO TO AND THE DEPTHS THEY WILL SINK TO . SO GOOD LUCK WITH THAT AND I HOPE IT WORKS FOR YOU BUT REMEMBER YOU ARE PLAYING WITH FIRE . HAVE A REALLY NICE DAY BIG GUY . 
Please put this as your status for at least one hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Diabetes , Fibromyalgia , Crohn's , Rheumatoid Arthritis , MS , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , COPD , Lupus , Chronic Lymes Disease , Immune Disorders ) . Do it for all of us with an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside ! 
i think face book has gone wierd today 
