spinnerdisc.com check out tiny plaid ninjas ! I can't get enough ! 
Eat illa vermis . 
who wants to eat root beer float cake ? 
I need a hobby , any suggestions ? And no it can't be knitting or macrame ! 
I ate a smooshed cupcake and it still tasted delicious ! 
tomorrow , tomorrow's a day away ! 
I'm going to see Public Enemies ! 
okay I lied it turned out to be an apple and some yoo-hoo . 
She's a very kinky girl , the kind you don't take home to mother . . . she's a SUPERFREAK ! 
Can you freeze cake or will it lose its flavor ? 
My mind is mush and I'm afraid I might have to level down in Spanish . 
Stuffed myself silly at B'nai Israel after Yom Kippur . My tummy is now smiling . 
There's a party in my tummy ! So yummy , oh my nummy nummy bagel ! Remind me to never join the music biz . 
Estoy enferma . 
Feeling much better but I still talk a little funny . Stupid stuffy nose . 
I'm going to college I'm going to college I'm going to college ! oooo yeah ! 
I'm going to make caramel apples today !!! Anybody have mini m&ms ? 
Why am I so stupid ? Rhetorical question folks . 
I am Mongolia ! 
One essay down another one to go ! 
What if . . . 
What are the two sexiest animals in the barnyard ? Brown chicken , brown cow ! Ah I crack myself up . . . 
What kind of clothing does a mermaid wear ? An algae-bra . Aha ha ha . I really hate algebra . 
All of a sudden I've become busy . I should cut back on my internet . . . nah 
I got CANDY !!!!! Precious , preciousssss candy . No I am not hyper . 
" After all tomorrow is another day " -Gone with the Wind 
I was working in the lab , late one night . When my eyes beheld an eerie sight ! 
I liked homework better when it was called coloring . Also nap time was a great idea , why don't we do that anymore ? 
Note to self do not watch scary movies on Halloween especially ones about cornfields in a state filled with cornfields . 
I am cured but I dread my Spanish examen tomorrow . 
I feel better but I still am afraid of failure . 
Mnnfbvurf . . . blargh . . . umpf . . . is what I said this morning when I woke up . 
I need some happy thoughts , words of encouragement , or a hug . I feel oh so very sad . 
I've got sunshine on a cloudy day . When it's cold outside I've got the month of May ! 
I think my fish has ADHD . 
says , " What you are today you are tomorrow , until you change the world ! " 
For my monster from his slab , began to rise . And suddenly to my surprise . . . he did the mash , he did the monster mash ! 
??? ??????? ??? ?? ?????????? ?????! Figure out what I just said and you get a prize ! 
Alright the answer was : My fish stares at peanut butter . Megan was the closest so she wins ! Here have some smarties . 
Watch the awesome music video on my profile ! Its so beautiful ! Look for Jerusalem by Matisyahu . 
I just ran into a freaking concrete pole . It hurts like the fires of hell and I think I'm going to get a bruise . Why am I so accident prone ? 
YAY !!! I am so happy , giddy , girly , and giggly right now ! 
God has a twisted sense of humor and I wish he wouldn't mess with me like this . 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask me three questions ( only in my inbox ) . Any question no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is I will answer it no matter what . You have my full honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get . :D 
. . .??? ?? ???? 
omg , my name is liz and im all lizzy and stuff ..... yeah , im really liz , why don't u believe me ? rawr etc . 
No me gusto mucho la clase de español . 
My life is over , thank you so much GPA . 
ugh I still feel slightly sick ! I hope I don't have the flu for real ! 
I apologize for changing my name to all those who are confused ! I just changed it for safety reasons , do not be alarmed ! It is still I , Liz ! 
Spagehetti-o's do not taste as good as I remember . 
Happiness is only a day away ! 
I love pickles and jeffery the penguin ! 
I dislike being ill it is very distasteful . 
still tired but at least im clean , y'all . 
Mathematics is the root of all evil , no pun intended . 
Gaaahhhh !!!! Too much christmas cheer , leaves me with fear ! I think I'll hide from the family under the tree this year ! 
I just want to stay safe . 
Ok , well I won't be back at Oshkosh until Monday you guys . Just so you all know . 
my name is liz and like to keep my facebook logged in so my friends can play with it . 
My younger sister stole my phone charger and has hidden it on me . Sometimes I wonder if she secretly likes me . 
I'm back ! Yay ! Bring it on history class ! 
I want to party like a poptart ! 
Shopping for a new swimsuit because my dorm ate my old one on me . 
So my brother might visit me today , maybe . 
I have decided to stick with love . Hate is too great a burden to bear . Thank you Dr. King ! 
yeahhhhhhhh for leaving facebook opennnnnnnn . 
I can't believe I got a job without an interview , is this the real world ? 
SNUGGIE CULTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT . 
tomorrow i shall eat oatmeal 
is feelin hot after an awesome workout !! 
life is crazy 
I'm going to make some cookies ! And you don't get any ! You know who you are . . . 
Organic Jellybeans , I am still ambivalent about you yet . 
My snuggie just attacked me , for shame . 
loves to eat poptarts ... she should steal some ... from who youll never know ........... 
Lets get philosophical ! 
Hee hee , I have a tricky trick up my sleeve but none of you know what it is yet ! 
sssoooooo coooold in my room , why ??? 
<3 <3 HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY EVERYBODY !!!!!! <3 <3 
I look like Dr. Frankenstein's assistant Igor with my misshapen brow due to my walking into a pole . 
NAP TIME !! Aw yeah . 
Listening to Motown , I find the music kind a groovy . 
Grrr . . . I must be productive and I hate it ! 
Monday , Monday why do you have to be so crappy ? I'm sorry I was so crabby ! 
Captain Finneous needs to stop being picky and eat his darn flakes ! 
Just a warning ! I'm changing my name back ! Please do not freak out . 
The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all . 
I like angry , loud , heavy metal music . It really soothes the soul . Like right now . 
Ow , what kind of idiot cuts herself on a plastic folder ? thats right , this one . 
No hope , no love , no glory , no Happy Ending . 
is building a Stairway to Heaven ! 
Old Irish Toast : May you be in heaven an hour before the devil knows yer dead ! 
" Eaten any good books lately ? " You get a gold star if you can guess correctly where this quote is from ! 
3 days into winter break and already my family is making me lose my mind . what took them so long ?? 
its feelin hot in here ... its probably these pants im wearing . 
is listening to Metallica , hoping to get rid of her troubles . Mötley Cruë just isn't cutting it tonight . 
There is a landfill of laundry on my floor that I need to fold . But . . . its so nice outside ! 
black with cheetah bow 
Be thankful for everything you've got and bless every day . You never know when it'll all be taken away . 
Everything is fine , surgery tomorrow though . 
I'm so excited today ! I have no idea why either ! 
I don't understand guys . If someone could please give me advice on a particularly troublesome one , that would be awesome ! 
One love One blood One life You got to do what you should , One life With each other Sisters Brothers , One life But we're not the same , We get to Carry each other- Thank you Aunt Annie and Uncle Bryan for everything ! 
life is a mystery . 
I am so proud of myself ! Not only did I find my camera I learned how to upload pictures to my laptop and how to create an album on facebook ! 
_________\0/_____________________/\_________ Jaws , anyone ? 
I seriously want to nunchuck that guy ! Or at least throw a pair at his head ! 
Aaaah food adages and endearments are sooo funny , aren't they my little buttercup ? oh and Strawberry . 
I'm waiting for the creepy guy in the foriegn language lab to use his tech powers to close out my facebook acount . I want to catch him in the act ! I bet he's reading this right now ! Not cool dude , not cool . How do you ever expect to get a girlfriend being a jerk like that !? 
ok so here's the deal , I'm transferring to uw-manitowoc and I want to hear everybody's thoughts on this . 
I think my microwave is trying to assassinate me ! All I wanted was some soup ! 
My parents got me candy thats lights up for Easter ! Score ! 
is wondering when the police are going to catch me . 
None of you shall see me tomorrow ( except my roommate ) . I plan on having a marathon of The Big Bang Theory . 
Sometimes I wonder why I'm wasting my Spring Break watching very weird foreign films on Netflix . Mostly French . 
The Constitution only gaurantees the American people the right to pursue happiness . You have to catch it yourself . 
Happiness 
is like a butterfly which , when pursued , is always beyond our grasp , 
but , if you will sit down quietly , may alight upon you . -Nathaniel Hawthorne 
My body is trying to kill me . . . blargh 
Is mad at the world today , I apologize in advance for my bad attittude . 
Rice is freaking delicious ! 
Rain I like you but you're cold and now I'm going to curl up and go sleepy . 
Change 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To 
not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the Fight 
Against Child Abuse ! Copy & paste to your status to invite your 
friends to do the same . 
A yawn is like a silent shout , don't you think ? 
The woods are lovely , dark and deep . But I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep . -Robert Frost 
stupid misspelled words 
Things were so much simpler back in kindergarten when boys had cooties . 
There was nothing to do and nowhere to go . So I ended up watching Ni Hao Kai Lan on Nickelodeon . I can now proudly say the word dinosaur in Chinese . 
Only one person left on my christmas list . . . and I'm stuck . 
I went to my first concert of my life last night ! Woot , woot ! 
I've got so little left to lose that it feels just like I'm walking on broken glass . . . 
My weekend so far is a lot better than my week has been ! 
likes listening to Indian music ! 
Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations . I may not reach them , but I can look up and see their beauty , believe in them , and try to follow where they lead . 
By : Louisa May Alcott 
You know what's delicious ? . . . Capri Sun 
I'm turning Japanese , I'm turning Japanese , I really think so ! 
I can't be enthusiastic , I have no energy left . 
Its madness : To hate all roses ; because you got scratched by one thorn . To give up on all your dreams ; because one did not come true . To lose faith in prayers ; because one was not answered . To give up on your efforts ; because one of them failed . To condemn all your friends ; because one of them betrayed you . Not to believe in love ; because someone was unfaithful . 
Help me they're playing POLKA now ! 
I finally got a job ! I'm going the Brewers game with my boyfriend and my little sis is coming to visit me ! This is going to be a great weekend ! 
lint rollers are so much fun ! 
so what , az ma , ?? ?? 
I am going on hiatus . . . lets see how long I last without the internet . 
Someone outside my window just screamed Bullsh*t but I mistakenly thought they had said Bolshevik . Which lead to me to wonder why they were yelling about communists until I realized my mistake . 
You know you have more to offer , and it gets frustrating when you aren't given the chance . 
I give up ! Save me from the insanity somebody !! 
In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet . 
I can't believe I'm still sick . 
when a certain someone says he/she is going to do something and then forgets to tell you he/she changed his/her mind 5 hours later , without informing you . Well it kind a pisses me off . 
Somebody made my good day great and I still can't stop smiling about it . :D 
I'm finally home but I'm exhausted and need a shower . I'm going to miss Oshkosh so much and especially all of my friends I've made ! 
grrrrrrrrrrr . . . slept weird 
west Philadelphia born and raised .... 

sing along if you know the words ! 
( status brought to you by Samantha Hahn ) 
I'm so excited ! I'm going to the Mall of America tomorrow ! One of the best summers ever ! 
I'm becoming a hermit unintentionally ! Help me ! I need socialization ! 
Its raining ! yay ! 
Tomorrow's looking like its going to be a beautiful day ! 
I finally washed off all the mud from CUSA and realized I'm not tan . 
Everytime I wake up lately my hair looks like Big Bird's nest . 
Its so pretty when it rains . 
Here comes the sun . . . 
I've been hiding in the library for 3 hours from my family . I think I shall be here for another 3 hours . 
I just got called Anne Frank , I'm a litle conflicted over how I should feel about this . 
I think I should start drinking coffee . 
its fun to be liz 
. . . then black despair The shadow of a starless night , was thrown Over the world in which I moved alone . 
I'm not really ! Hannah highjacked my facebook ! 
Milwaukee here I come ! 
I get carried away by the look by the light in your eyes . . . 
Spending the day perfecting my resume , awesome . . . not . 
You promised you'd always find a way to show you cared and now I hold the proof in my arms . Thanks Nana . 
Just so everybody knows I do not have internet access at my apartment . So I have to go to the library everyday via the bus . So if you want to get in contact with me please use the phone because its faster . That is all . 
" I went walking with my momma one day when she warned me what people say . Live your life until love is found or love's gonna get you down . " -Mika 
I can't believe it , I got the same freaking fortune as Aimee Marie Vogel ! ! 
Each restless heart beats so imperfectly ; 
But when you come and I am filled with wonder , 
Sometimes , I think I glimpse eternity . 
Hope is the thing with feathers , that perches in the soul , and sings the tune without words , and never stops at all . 
i am a gay robot 
I just realized Madonna's song " Into the Groove " is an innuendo but I thought it was about dancing this whole time . 
My laser is set at stunning today because I look fabulous * z-snap * 
At my aunt and uncle's today <3 
I'm so glam I sweat glitter 
I would love a nap right about now . . . 
A sign on the lawn at a drug rehab center said : ' Keep off the Grass . ' 
ugh my zombie died on me 
I think I have a bit of the melancholy , will somebody please cheer me up ? 
This man is talking about his gourd and how he wants everyone to look at it and he wants the pope to bless it . Why do I always get stuck next to the weird people ? 
I miss people ! I feel completely isolated this weekend . Anybody want to visit me ? 
Creepy 40 year old prevert in the library please stop staring at me and please don't ask again if my necklace tastes good while I'm reading my e-mails . 
So I like it against the wall . . . 
oh gross I'm sick . Stand back everybody ! 
Ka-Blam ! 
Merrry Christmas Everbody !!!! I've had a little sugar so its like I'm on Christmas Crack now ! Woooo hoooooo ! 
I'm wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving ! Today because tommorrrow I won't be near a computer . Enjoy some pie ! 
Packer fans , let's turn Facebook GREEN & GOLD this week in support of the real America's team , the Green Bay Packers ! Change your profile pick to your favorite Packer Player until Sunday - Jan 16th and repost this in your status for the next 12 hours . Let's show how fast we can fill Facebook profile pics with Packers ! GO PACK GO !! 
scoot scoot ur booty ! 
I have become paranoid and believe the government is out to get me by using mind control . I'm insignificant I tell you ! 
I baking homemade bread today b/c I'm such a penny pincher I won't go out and buy some . Wish me luck ! 
Where there is darkness , light . 
I'm going to dye my hair auburn , any thoughts people ? 
Went for a jog/walk ugh , remind again why I'm trying to keep my new year's resolutions ? 
bleh 
