When your life for all intents and purposes is a mess all you can do is see the good that is to come and forget your troubles . A 3 day weekend filled with awesome stuff will do just fine . 
I just started watching all the classic Pokemon episodes from episode 1 . They just don't make cartoons like this any more ... we were lucky to have this kind of stuff during our childhoods . 
Why does the past always look better than the future ? 
Literally half my friends are on right now . Does that mean I need to get more friends , or do my current ones just have too much free time ? 
Why is it that you can be calm and collected at all times except the ones you want to ? I always make such a fool of myself -.- 
How can parents talk for 30 mins and only say one thing over and over ? 
Bored on Saturdays ? Join me for Belegarth at Bicentennial Park Saturdays at noon , wear clothes you're willing to get dirty . Belegarth is a combat sport that uses weapons made of PVC pipe and foam , they may hurt a bit but don't ( often ) cause serious harm . Whether you're strong or weak , tall or short , etc , etc , come join us for a great time ! 
Don't you hate when you really need to reach someone but you just can't get a hold of them ? 
Senioritis is in full swing ... all I can think of is summer , and it's still March ! 
Anyone got Xbox Live ? If so add me , gamertag Drunkmonk32 , just include some sort of a message telling me who you are . 
Some days nothing seems to go right ... 
I like how I'm listening to music fit for incredible battles and yet researching how a bill becomes a law . How does that make sense ?... 
" We'll be back from the field trip by 5 , no problem " ... I got back at 6:45 , not enough time to get ready for Fright Night before it began and Skyler would have been mad not to already have someone in my spot . Four days left and I have to miss one ! D= 
My actual hard license just arrived . =) 
Laser Quest overnighter from 11:30 pm to 6:30 am on December 10 , price is $30 prepaid or $35 at the door . Plenty of people will be there , everyone's invited , and it'll be a great time ! 
My first Belegarth practice tomorrow ... I'm gonna dieeee , lol 
I'm actually thinking of getting a hair style for this upcoming year but I have no idea what to get ... any ideas ? 
I know I'm getting really into Belegarth when I go to bed earlier on a Friday night than on a school night because I just want Saturday to come , not for something special , but for the same practice as always . 
Going on a cruise on the Carnival Splendor this Sunday to Mexico , it'll be a week long . I can't wait ! 
Well , that's it . Fright Night is over . I won't miss the long nights and no free time , but I will miss all the great people I've met there . Tiffany , Mike ( Buffalo Bill ) , and everyone else who I don't have room to mention , you're awesome ! Fright Night FTW ! 
I really need to get to bed ... but these indie Sci-Fi movies are just too weird to stop watching , lol . 
Choir concert and Laser Quest tomorrow , can't wait ! 
Isn't it funny that no matter how tired and beat you are you still have time to mess around on Facebook before you get to bed ? 
An interesting night at Fright Night tonight . Spencer has joined us at last , he was a charging zombie and loved it , and it looks like he's going to keep coming back ! Sadly Keebs and many other people ( including my makeup artist , his wife ) have quit Fright Night . This made Skyler the new haunt captain of Asylum , he truly was the best option and no doubt will lead us well . 
What's up with all the quizzes people take having such horrible spelling and grammar ? You'd think that people would be using spell check or at least have some idea how to write . 
My schedule is ... 
1st : Economics with Crews 
2nd : Spanish 2 with Kilburn 
3rd : Concert Choir with Lanford ( big surprise ) 
4th : Algebra 2 with Eberly 
After that game design at CART 
I gots a Wii =) . That means I now have a Wii , PS3 , and 360 ... my gaming empire is complete ! 
Well I'm a part of the Fright Night Scream Team , I'm the lobotomy doctor at the very end of Asylum . Considering I tried out for Necropolis this is a bit odd , but it seems like it will be a fun role . 
The three hour nights ( weeknights ) of Fright Night are best described at fun but tiring . The five hour ( weekend ) nights , however , are total paaaaain . Back , feet , legs , face , everything aches ... but nobody ever said this would be easy , did they ? Well , there was that one guy . But no one likes him . 
Awesome first night at Fright Night even though everything that could have gonewrong for me went wrong . Let's just say I've made my room my own ... via my shed blood . Still , an awesome night , we made people wet themselves , and it's going to be a great season ! 
Halo Reach ! Halo Reach ! HALO REACH !!! NEEEEEED !!! ONE DAY !!! So ... * ahem * ... Halo Reach , yaaaay ... 
I just spent 10 minutes trying to wash off white makeup from around my eyes before I realized it was the extra pale skin I have there because of my transition lenses , lol . 
30 pound chainmail + prolonged fighting + 5 foot shield = paaaaaaaain !!! 
My shield for Belegarth is finally done and it's HUGE . Like , it's 5 ' by 2 ' . My arm is going to be sooooore . 
Admittedly I was more into Pokemon but Digimon needs some love =P 
How odd it seems to be here on a Thursday night with no Fright Night . 
New Year's Twilight Zone marathon on Sci-Fi FTW ! Gotta love the classics ... 
Merry Christmas everyone ! I wish you and your families a wonderful holiday . Be sure to remember among the presents and feasts the true reason for the season , the birth of Jesus Christ . Oh , and happy new year too and all that . 
Belegarth is really fun , it's just incredibly tiring ... I'm so sore right now , lol 
Bleeaaahh ... sick =( 
Remember people , Laser Quest overnighter this Friday from 11:30 pm to 6:30 am , $35 prepaid or $35 at the door . Do what needs to be done to be able to go , it's going to be amazing ! 
Happy New Years ! I wish everyone a good year in which they retain at least 67% of their limbs . 
Don't you just hate/love that odd in-between place ? Where you have nothing to do and it's late so you should really get to bed , yet you keep browsing FB . You've already read everything of interest , there's nothing going on , but you're still on it . Sure , you should get to bed . But ... you can't . No reason not to , except , you just can't . 
I buy a used Pokemon game ( don't judge ! ) off ebay and turn it on , the profile is already named Nick . Creepy ... 
