in space . 
i lost my debit card the same day i received my credit card . only me . 
can't seem to get this post just right : my life is going in the right direction , and it's a really fucking good feeling . 
i would love to hang out with you , but i have to go sit by myself in my house . 
" absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones , as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires . " - francois de la rochefoucauld 
you've gotta be fucking kidding me . 
i try way too hard at everything . 
sometimes things get worse before they get better . 
volcano burrito ( no cheese , no sour cream , extra fire sauce ) and breadsticks with marinara ... yum . 
waiting until june so i can drown myself in school for six years . 
whatever . there are other fish in the sea i guess . 
why my mother still warms up her truck in march , i will never know ... 
" i'm easy to get along with and don't get along with that many people . " wat 
aw fuck i shouldn't have done that . 
seems like no one is having a good day today . 
hahahahaha ! 
fuck . now Monica Ogden can see what i post on facebook . 
feeling wide awake all day , but thirty minutes before i have to start getting ready for work , i get fuckin tired . FUCK 
I am too optimistic about things sometimes . 
busy , busy night at work , then we got about 700 packages that weren't even supposed to come to our secondary at all . oh well . i still like this job . 
i've really relaxed on people having tattoos and piercings . as a result , i'm thinking of getting one of the former . 
some men are flat out pussies . no joke . 
getting out of this house . right now . 
what is sleep ? 
got a shit ton of money saved up . i think i'm going to treat myself and buy an HTC evo shift 4G , a 32 GB zune HD , and a new windshield for my car ( which i actually need ; the crack is insane ) . i am so grateful i'm able to do these things . 
wat 
i wonder how many people were late to work today as a result of the time change . 
i have no respect for people whose fuel is pity . 
wanting some stir crazy but no one to go with . eh . 
note to self : check oil level before engine starts knocking . :( 
whilst driving on 465 yesterday , i saw a billboard that said , " you don't need god -- to hope , to care , to love , to live . " damn straight . 
going out for lunch with teh father and teh grandmother in the early afternoon , so i better get my ass to sleep . 
finally getting a new windshield tomorrow for all of $180 . :) 
had a pretty good day with dad , uncle mark , and grandma . now to work ... heartland sort gives me too much time to think . i checked out " the communist manifesto ( modern edition ) " so i hope it'll keep my mind off shit . 
to anyone who listens to rap/r&b/hip-hop/whatever , nate dogg died yesterday . r.i.p. 
at andy mohr nissan getting my windshield replaced . no wifi or unsecured connection so im forced to watch jerry springer ... its actually not a bad episode . 
I really want some stir crazy . If anyone wants to go after Im done here let me know by here or text . 
the warmer the weather becomes = more positive status updates . 
why the hell do i keep waking up at 11 ? fuck this . i'm going back to bed . 
the verdict is in : i probably don't have to worry about paying for school for at least three semesters . fuck yeah . 
last night of work this week . hopefully it goes by quickly and no late flights . love this job but its getting a little monotonous . :/ 
Feels so nice outside that i went back out to my car to sit and listen to music on my break :) 
a downside to fedex is that i have to wear my badge , which exposes my full name , 100 percent of the time . as a result i've had several people ( not really co-workers either ) try to add me on here . yeah right . 
Wtf ? 11 again . 
whatever . i give up on this sleep thang . 
Whats everyone doing ? 
first attempt at sleep has failed . 
i'd like to share something with you all : being a smartass all the time isn't cute nor funny . 
someday , i hope . 
just bought an htc evo shift :) 
No idea what happened with that last post ... 
i am incredibly stubborn . 
NECK . IS . KILLING . ME . 
i'm really glad i didn't do the AADP . 
my neck and back are in knots . i'll fucking PAY someone to massage it . gahhhh 
thinking about going to this " rock on the range " thing in columbus ohio . it's may 21 and 22 , which is saturday and sunday .... on my vacation too :) it's like $60 a person for one day though . 
Cake . 
warmer weather = more roadkill . 
r.i.p. elizabeth taylor . 
even after my insurance premiums are deducted , i'm still making more working at fedex 25 hours a week than mcdonald's 40 hours a week . that's what i'm talking about . 
oh god i hope my car doesn't get any dents .... 
i really hate when people play the victim when it's their own fucking fault . 
my heart is pounding . this isn't good ... 
" i'm ugly . like if you disagree and comment if you agree . " way to fish for compliments . 
i've never been the most optimistic person , so i'm not going to pretend like i am . 
uhhhh ... why ? 
god i really need some advice . or something . 
now , let's turn on the juice and see what shakes loose . 
thinking about upgrading my evo shift to the evo . 
i can't even remember the last time i had a deep and meaningful conversation with someone . 
Time to tell some assholes how it is . 
ugh ... i have such foolish consistencies . 
temptation , temptation . 
man , i smell gooooood . what an awesome status update . 
MY BRAIN IS SCRAMBLED EGGS . 
why can't people keep their god damn mouths shut ? 
back to the same old shit . is it june yet ? 
in dire need ... 
pandora > last.fm 
currently reading " debt-free u " by zac bissonette , a senior at the university of massachusetts who also writes for AOL money and finance among other things . it's concerning how to pay for college and how one should not take out a loan unless it's the absolute last resort . he points out things that should have been so obvious to me , and my brain is about to explode from so much information intake ... 
i love how co-workers attempted to oversimplify the book i'm reading by saying , " well , just don't go beyond your means , duh . " this covers a LOT more than merely paying for college . also , to pass by the next two months quickly , i'm thinking about volunteering at an animal shelter . 
Maybe I should quit over-thinking and putting so much effort into everything . 
stir crazy sounds great . 
fucking frost . 
Dad needs to hurry up . I don't have all damn day . 
strawberry 
alright , this is the 9234579845th time i've come home from work to angry/annoyed texts because i haven't replied back all night . how many fucking times do i have to tell you people that i work the graveyard shift before you finally remember ? 
time to get serious about budgeting . 
finished " debt-free u . " loved it . now onto " accounting for dummies " whilst taking notes . i'm so cool . 
brian and mom are gone for a week . i think i'm going to throw a huge party with alcohol and weed . 
( Fri 19:56:53 ) < @Barbara > yeah , now describe what bad means ? 
( Fri 22:10:22 ) < @GodsWord > im not Stupid 
bleh , gotta get some shit done today .. 
ate stir crazy a few days ago and my stomach has been torn up ever since :( 
does anyone know anything about wireless ? i have the desktop and laptop connected to it . i have no problems with the desktop but my laptop gets disconnected 5 to 10 times daily . wtf ? 
after some thinking , i have come to a conclusion : only losers smoke marijuana . 
it's about midnight . time to go grocery shopping . 
anyone else get that weird mixture of wanting to hang out with someone , but not wanting to at the same time ? 
this will be my first attempt at making chili from scratch . let's hope i don't fuck it up . 
i apologize in advance for the emo status update : i know people care about me . i know there are people that will talk to me . but at the same time i feel completely alone . 
( Mon 14:29:46 ) < @GodsWord > turkey stew for dinner ( thats in the cock pot ) and blueberrie mufins . 
if the westboro baptist church has the right to protest at my dead loved one's funeral , i should have the right to shoot and kill each and every one of them . :) ! 
so everyone i know was going for butler . they lost . >:) 
push and they shall go farther and farther away ... 
Monica Ogden needs to buy a dishwasher ... 
heart is pounding again . :/ 
shit isn't working but i don't know what to do about it . 
heh ... of course buffalo wild wings wants to " save the season . " they're losing a lot of money without any football games . 
when someone makes a slightly humorous ( but not knee-slapping material ) comment and puts " LOL , " all in caps , i just want to reply with " LOOOLLLLL !!!!!!!!! ~~~~~~~~~~~~" 
oh man this is gonna be some gooooood chili :) 
i think it's about time to delete a few people from my friends list and my life ... not that they were ever there anyway . 
I really need to find something to do for the next couple months other than work . This much free time is great but also very poisonous . I almost miss working two jobs . 
RAMMSTEIN IS COMING TO CHICAGO ON MAY 10TH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
god i've had such an awesome night/morning . let's hope i don't jinx myself by saying that lol . 
other than one tiny mishap , i've had a wonderful day . 
i r happeh 
listening to 90s club dance music . JUDGE ME . 
foul bachelor frog and paranoid parrot are totally me . 
whoa 13 notifications ! haha . 
people who are too fucking stupid to ignore trolls deserve to be trolled . 
HUNGRY 
( Sun 22:29:16 ) < @sucka > my butt muscles keep twitching . it's weird .. 
* burp * 
i am in a very good mood right now . :) 
you know , i thought we were past the past . why do people always have to bring shit up ? 
$50 to fill up my tank :| 
;) 
ruffles bag : 50 percent chips , 50 percent air . 
you know , something about facebook gets me : when you ignore a friend request , that person can still see links you like and when you change your profile picture . why is that ? 
" A relationship without trust is like a car without gas . You can stay in it all you want but it won't go anywhere . " -- Will Ferrell 
damn it . i hate being a big girl sometimes . ( as in a young adult , not fat ... for those technical people ... ) 
assuming i only work regular sort and not heartland ( early ) sort , it's a little humorous that i get paid more for calling in than actually working . 
also , i really , really despise this attitude : " if i don't like it or agree with it , it's retarded . " another one : " if you don't agree with me , you're stupid . " 
there are so many times when i type a status , delete the entire thing , and post something much more vague ... 
I don't hate this job , but I'm beginning to dread going in . 
Stability pl0x 
wondering what this weekend has in store for me ... 
IT'S FRIDAY ! FUN FUN FUN FUN 
i really wish i had access to a time machine . if i did , i would go back two years and live them all over again . 
a lot of things are getting on my nerves today . 
so i'm watching millionaire matchmaker . it's amazing how these millionaires are in their thirties and up and STILL don't know how to date . 
" how would you make melbourne a better place ? " 
" more magnets . " 
why do i always want to post a status update as soon as i wake up ? 
" stop being a democrat and work for yourself . " someone on rs just said that and i lol'd . 
1000 milestone ! 
i really want some stir crazy :( 
mom is listening to " throwback jamz " on the tv and she's all nodding her head back and forth like she's loving it . 
damn it . i bought migraine medicine because i get really bad headaches , and it has some caffeine in it . i had a really bad headache earlier so i took a couple , and now i'm awake when i should be sleeping . >:( 
haha . everyone's saying how excited they are for summer because of the heat , no school , etc . i can't wait because i start . :) 
either going bowling or playing tennis with dad on wednesday ! woot . 
I'm going to be so miserable at work tonight . I slept like shit all weekend ... time to load up on caffeine . 
Relatively unpopular person posts something original and thoughtful , gets 3 likes . Relatively popular person posts something obvious and cliche , gets 20 likes . 
kay , a red nude , peeped under a yak . 
what could this dog possibly be dreaming about ? he's making weird sounds ( probably barking in his dream ) , moving his limbs like he's running , and he keeps farting . 
why are these facebook apps so fucking shitty ? 
not dealing with that bullshit . 
Feeling mentally suffocated today . 
Just can't sleep well . Time to bring out the sleeping pills later :( 
isn't the united states of america supposed to be " the melting pot ? " if so , why are americans so intolerant of other cultures being here ? 
WHOA that was the loudest freaking thunder ever . 
only woke up twice throughout my eleven-hour slumber . now i want stir crazy . 
really wanting to do something tonight but the only person i feel like doing anything with is always fucking busy . 
i can't listen to motley crue without thinking of ventrilo harassment . 
Snow ? 
only a little over a month left ... 
i really need to quit being so stubborn . 
out of all the holidays and other days we celebrate , independence day is probably my favorite . 
so i just ate 10 nuggets , a medium fry , and drank some sweet tea . i was all like yeahhh and then Brandon Vernon reminded me of how good jolly rancher suckers are . now i have to go back out and make a trip to the store to get some more junk . i love having a high metabolism . 
woke up nearly paralyzed woooooo 
eating raw crescent roll dough probably isn't a good idea but soooo goooooooood 
this rain thang ... 
" sorry . we can't confirm the friend request at this time . please try again later . " what the fuck is that shit ? 
hmmmm . i do not like this very much . 
oh man that was too much white castle . 
I slept all day and missed the beautiful day . Oh well . Not like I really would have went outside anyway , lol . 
i feel less alone single than i did whilst dating someone . hmmmm . 
I CAN'T SLEEP DAMN IT 
i'm pretty sure people are going to be arguing about this math problem for a while . lol 
So I go out to the bus and its barely sprinkling . Get to the parking lot and its fucking POURING . Now I'm soaked :( 
And now I'm kind of worried because my car is shaking ... 
fedex is offering a program called " step up to lead ( SUTL ) " to help inform anyone interested in a team leader or ramp agent position . it's unpaid and will be taken alongside my college courses this summer , but i'm gonna go for it . 
i was randomly browsing yahoo ! education articles and stumbled upon one titled " jobs for people who don't like people . " the very first career was accountant . heh ;) 
This week has gone by so quickly . Excited for the " drunken bbq " this weekend , haha . 
Three white castle meals in three days . Not healthy but idc lol 
fuck these glasses - the lenses keep popping out . buying new ones asap -_- 
going to applebee's for fooooooooooood soon . : B 
94.7 is pretty much playing my ipod today . 
Why do people add me then ignore my messages ? Lol . 
Hot damn ! Bin laden is DEAD ! :) 
Who the hell is that dude talking ? He's annoying as fuck 
people that knew me like three years ago , why didn't you tell me how much of a fucking idiot i was ? 
wondering whether to open my mouth or not . 
for those of you who live on campus , is it really all that great ? i hear all of these things about getting the full " college experience " if one lives on campus . i thought about maybe trying it out for a semester or two after i'm done with ivy tech just to experience something new but idk . 
I WANT STIR CRAZY 
dante shepherd is so damn fuckable . 
apparently it's human nature to ponder life's origin and purpose . sure , i've thought about both , but i honestly don't care enough to devote my entire life to discovering either . even if we never figured out how we got here or what our purpose is , that's quite alright with me . 
o_o 
i'm pretty sure i can live on honey comb . 
Status update topics : osama school school school school school osama school school school osama school . 
alright , i'll admit it - i'm getting tired of being single ... 
so i'm taking my vacation on the week of the 23rd . WHAT THE HELL SHOULD I DO FOR ELEVEN DAYS ? 
spent like $115 at the book store lol . i got a $50 hoodie and all the supplies are ridiculously expensive . oh well , though . the government paid for it along with my tuition and books , and i'm very grateful for that . 
Put this as your status & see how many you get inboxed : 
GREEN- i want to go out with you 
BLUE- i like you a lot 
ORANGE- i wanna kiss you 
YELLOW- i miss you 
... PINK- i want your number 
RED- your a cutie 
PURPLE- i love you 
BLACK- you're hot 
GRAY- I'm stupid for leaving you 
TURQUOISE- i hate you 
BROWN- i wish you would leave me alone 
MAGENTA- i want a hug from you 
WHITE- i wanna marry you 
TEAL- you're a great friend 
:( 
i really hope mitch daniels runs for president in 2012 . he would have my vote , hands down . 
Vague status update . 
" hard work beats talent when talent refuses to work hard . " 
i feel like shit :( 
laid in my bed for ~ 16 hours straight and getting ready to do it again . :( 
my sleep schedule is going to be all sorts of fucked up now . 
hopefully going to have some fun tonight :) kinda wish someone else would be there too but shit happens . 
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
Blah . Good night so far but just one thing missing . 
i had a pretty damn good time last night ! 
