" Though I've tried before to tell her of the feelings I have for her in my heart , every time that I come near her I just lose my nerve as I've done from the start . Every little thing she does is magic .... " 
So ... yeah . 
I forgot how much I liked The Princess Bride . 
I guess this is our last goodbye , and you don't care , so I won't cry . But you'll be sorry when I'm dead and all this guilt will be on your head ... I can't stand losing you . 
Or , to be more exact , every 60 seconds on average . 
Bullets by CREED ... perfect when you're angry . 
One day too late , just as well . 
If you like to talk to tomatoes , if a squash can make you smile , if you like to waltz with potatoes up and down the produce aisle ... 
Wow . Facebook in English is weird . 
It's July 21st and freezing outside . 
" I gotta be cool , relax , get hip , get on my track , take a back seat , hitch hike , take a long ride on my motorbike , I ain't ready . Crazy little thing called love . " 
is officially done with 8th grade ! YAY !!!!!! 
This fall , some guy's gonna fly up 23 miles and jump down . At that elevation , the air's too thin to prevent spinning as he's falling . If he does spin , his brain could snap off its cord and go bouncing around his skull . 
Honey , oh sugar sugar , you are my candy girl , and you got me wantin ' you . 
is going to NJ tomorrow !! YAAAAYYY !!!! 
" Oo , you're makin ' me live . Whenever this world is cruel to me , I got you to help me forgive . Oo , you're makin ' me live now , honey , you're makin ' me live . " 
I ? New York !! 
" Don't give up on us , don't give up on love . If my life is the price , then my life it will cost ... Don't walk away in silence . " 
was almost killed by a UPS truck . 
Caput meus kaput ist .... 
" Remember , you're unique ... Just like everyone else . 
Now no one's knocked upon my door / For a thousand years or more / All made up and nowhere to go / Welcome to this one man show / Just take a seat , they're always free / No surprise , no mystery / In this theater that I call my soul / I always play the starring role / So lonely , so lonely , so lonely .... 
Coincidence ? I think NOT ! 
Touch-screen computer makes everything more fun . 
May it be an evening star shines down upon you 
May it be when darkness falls , your heart will be true 
May it be you journey on to light the day 
When the night is overcome , you may rise to find the sun ... 
3'3 8'1 , 3'3 , 6'4 , 3'2 .... 
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL 3:00 !!!!! 
Monday , Monday . Can't trust that day . Monday , Monday , sometimes it just turns out that way . Oh , Monday morning , you gave me no warning of what was to be ... Oh Monday , Monday , how could you leave and not take me ? 
Where is love ? Does it fall from skies above ? Is it underneath the willow tree that I've been dreaming of ? 
I LOVE BRAVEHEART . 
I'm imitating you imitating me imitating you imitating me imitating you .... 
Wow . You really don't find out just how much people care until something bad happens . 
I feel so wicked !! I HAVE FACEBOOK !!! MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAA !!!!!!! 
" Happier " . Sure . I'll only be leaving behind the college , the students , dancing , the Ludi Marieles , horseback riding , our tiny little fencing club , my Latin class , perfect freedom and everything else ... 
What's on my mind ? I have a lot on my mind , what with [ evil chuckle ] making the movie and all ... 
I think I'm socially retarded or something ... 
" ... I wasn't jumping , for me it was a fall . It's a long way down to nothing at all ... " 
Love , of my life , you've hurt me . You've taken my heart , and now you leave me . Love of my life , can't you see ? Bring it back bring it back , don't take it away from me because you don't know what it means to me ... 
Ey amp lannink thinks off efillniss .... mwahaha . 
got an awesome waterbottle - skin - thing ... 
You didn't stand by me . No , not at all . You didn't stand by me , no way . 
I feel it's gonna rain like this for days !!!! 
A lion roars in the darkness ; only He holds the key , the light to free me from my burden and grant me life eternally . 
NOOOO !! STUPID iDVD MESSED UP THE SOUND !! NOW WE HAVE TO BURN THE DISC ALL OVER AGAIN !! 
I JUST GOT CONFIRMED YESTERDAY !!!!! YAAAY ! 
First we attack his HEART ! 
DIVINE LITURGY THIS SUNDAY !!!!! YES YES YES YES YES YES YES !!! 
fell off a galloping horse ... ow . 
I FEEL ALIVE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
" So I held my head up high , hiding hate that burns inside , which only fuels their selfish pride ... I cry out to God seeking only His decision . Gabriel stands and confirms I've created my own prison . " 
Just saw the new " Clash of the Titans " . It's pretty good , if you ignore the cheezy parts and the fact that the myths are mixed . Compared to the other one , it's awesome . 
hates live songs ... 
" Touch me , take me to that other place . Reach me , I know I'm not a hopeless case . What you don't have you don't need it now , what you don't know you can feel somehow ... It was a beautiful day . " 
enjoys such disgusting foods as tuna salad with rice . 
" And worst of all : the nostril flare of total rejection . " 
Chopin , thank you for writing all your lovely Nocturnes ... 
If you think nobody cares if you're alive , try missing a couple of car payments . 
Every 
person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I 
know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be 
the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . 
I LOVE NEW YORK !!!! 
was adopted from Africa , apparently . 
" Can you take me higher to a place where blind men see ? Can you take me higher to a place with golden streets ? " 
IT IS NOT SUPPOSED TO SNOW IN MAY . 
EIGHT-SIX-SEVEN-FIVE-THREE-OH-NINE ! 
I love the song " Clocks " by Coldplay !! 
" Do I date the possessed fish-man ? " 
Just pulled out 152 tacks from a bulletin board ( plus a St. Therese pin ) . Most interesting event of the day . 
" I can't live without , all I think about , all I want is you . You're all I dream about , I can't live without , all I want is you . " 
" Will you be there to catch me when I stumble , when I fall , when I fall ? It's so very clear , you left me when I had no one at all , no one at all . Who will be there to catch me , to catch me when I stumble , when I fall ?... This time , I have nothing left to lose . " 
Red rain is pouring down , pouring down all over me . 
" I am the Mala Mala . For mala mala amat mala mala . " 
Thank you Facebook . I appreciate this so much . 
just a delicious dinner consisting of filet mignon and a twice-baked potato ... There's nothing like an expensive meal you don't have to pay for . 
" Oh , can't you see ? You belong to me . How my poor heart aches , with every step you take ... " 
MWAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAA !! WE'RE ACTUALLY BURNING THE DVD !!!!! 
So , the guy in my class works at the pool . He says , " Yeah , the Catholic College always comes in - and you know , I'm okay with that - but they ALWAYS START SINGING ! " 
Fencing tournament this Saturday . Probably only be us Lander people . Hurray , I'm so excited . 
Stupid Rosetta Stone won't let me say " vir " or " salve " . It's gotta be " wir " and " salwe " . Man , does it sound dumb . 
AARGH ! DESTROY BUZZ LIGHTYEAR ! DESTROY BUZZ LIGHTYEAR ! 
We were meant to live for so much more ... 
Oh , piano , thou love of my life , how should I live if thou didst not exist ?! 
Friendship is unnecessary , like philosophy , like art ... It has no survival value ; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival . -C . S . Lewis 
" Since you've gone I've been lost without a trace . I dream at night , I can only see your face . I look around , but it's you I can't replace . I feel so cold and I long for your embrace . I keep cryin ' , baby , baby , please . " 
I really ought to be outside on this lovely day , not wasting time on facebook .. 
VIRUS SPREADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . ITS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS CALLED KOOBFACE . IT'LL STEAL YOUR INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK ( BARACK OBAMA CLINTON SCANDAL)IF SOMEBODY CALLED " SMARTGRRL15 " TRIES TO ADD U DON'T ACCEPT IT IS A VIRUS . IF SOMEBODY ON UR LIST ADDS THEM , U GET THE VIRUS TOO . F ... B USERS DO NOT ADD HER ! COPY AND PASTE AND PLEASE REPOST 
eek .. 
http://www.snopes.com/computer/virus/youtube.asp 
Seriously , Gianna . Stonehenge ? 
Finally . WE'RE DONE WITH THE MOVIE . No more endless hours slaving in front of the computer with our brains frying ! 
Peanut butter , peanut butter , easy to spread . Give me peanut butter on some good brown bread ! 
You always reached out to me and helped me believe . All those memories we shared ; I will cherish every one of them . 
" Now I'm forced to look behind , I'm forced to look at you . You wear a thousand faces , tell me , tell me which is you . Broken mirrors paint the floor but can't you see the truth ? You wear a thousand faces , tell me , tell me which is you . Tell me which is you . " 
LINDY IS THE BESTEST HORSE IN THE WORLD ! 
" Now the trouble about trying to make yourself stupider than you really are is that you very often succeed . " C.S. Lewis- The Magician's Nephew 
O mi Jesu , dimitte nobis peccata nostra , conserva nos ab igne inferni . Perduc ad caelum omnes animas , praesertim illas , quae misericordiae tuae maxime indigent . 
We had to completely reassemble the movie . I just finished the entire thing .... YAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYY !!! 
Falling is easy ; it's getting back up that becomes the problem . 
Yesterday's school melted 3/4 of my brain , today's succeeded in finishing off the rest ... and now it's evaporating ... 
" Carlo , close your eyes ! What color is my pink nightgown ? " " Umm ... I don't know . " 
Coming next year ... " The Sword of Vengeance " . 
" Let's leave , oh , let's get away , get lost in time where there's no reason left to hide . Let's leave , oh , let's get away , run in fields of time where there's no reason left to hide . " 
Hey everyone , could you please pray for my friend's brother ? He's 10 yrs old with Chrohn's disease and he's in the hospital for the second time . 
MR . DARCY !! * squeaks * 
I will beware of the curse of the Dixie Chicks ... 
Please put this as your status if you know , or are related to someone killed on the Death Star when it was obliterated by the Rebel terrorists . The Empire brings Unity , but the Rebel terrorists continue to foster division and hatred . 265,675 Imperial citizens died in the terrorist attack against the Death Star . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
( To the tune of the Superman theme ) " Praise the Lord , we're under attack ... " ( Only Gianna will get this ... ) 
Blah blah , me me blah , blah blah blah blah me me me . 
Please put this in your status if you know 
or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated 
by the Death Star . My wish is that people will understand that the 
Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to 
bring peace to the galaxy but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 
93% won't copy and paste this . Please make this your status for at 
least one hour . 
" That Hideous Strength " = Awesome book . 
AAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !! 
Ok , so here's the final version : 

Oh , give me a meal , where the potatoes peel , where the beer and the cantaloupe play , where seldom are heard many drunken slurred words , and the pie wasn't made yesterday !!! ( Sorry , Cody Lee , Mirjana's fit better . ) 
Refilming the movie today .... AGAIN . 
? ???? ???????? ???????!! 
The guitar solo in Creed's " A Thousand Faces " is sooo awesome . I've never heard guitar like that ! 
You can call it lack of confidence 
But to carry on living doesn't make no sense ... 
I guess this is our last goodbye 
And you don't care , so I won't cry ... 
I can't stand losing you . 
And I don't want the world to see me , ' cause I don't think that they'd understand .... I just want you to know who I am . 
Losing ... health units ... must ... rest ... 
Can't wait to have REAL JEWISH BAGELS !!!! ( Only available in the states of New York and New Jersey . ) 
My mom : You know , Jesus was a Jewish person . Carlo : WHAT ? JAMES IS A JEWISH PERSIAN ?! 
ARGHH !!! I CAN'T TAKE ME ANYMORE !!! 
Little Bo-peep has lost her sheep , and looks for them sedately . I wish she'd find them soon because we've had no lamb chops lately . 
I'M 13 YEARS AND 15-1/2 MINUTES !! 
Listening to the Braveheart soundtrack : " For the Love of a Princess " . So beautiful . 
How do those moths get through the screens ? 
wants ... to ... ride .... HORSES !!!! 
" You'll remember me when the west wind moves upon the fields of barley . You'll forget the sun in his jealous sky as we walk in fields of gold ... " 
India foxtrot yankee oscar uniform charlie alpha november uniform november delta echo romeo sierra tango alpha november delta tango hotel india sierra charlie oscar papa yankee alpha november delta papa alpha sierra tango echo tango oscar yankee oscar uniform romeo sierra tango alpha tango uniform sierra 
Just spent a lovely afternoon at the beach ... 
MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!! I have new Kodak camera !!! 
" All my baby sister does is cry and cry and cry . I'll never sleep again ! I need the world's most powerful lullaby . " 
All the times when we were close 
I'll remember these things the most 
I see all my dreams come tumbling down 
I can't be happy without you round 
So alone I keep the wolves at bay 
And there is only one thing I can say : 
You didn't stand by me . 
I see your soul , it's kinda grey . You see my heart , you look away ... Don't say a last prayer , because you could never find , what's this life for , what's this life for ? 
I'm rubber , you're glue , whatever you say bounces back to you ! 
HELP MEEEEEEE !!!!!!! 
To be , or not to be , that is the question : whether ' tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune , or to take arms against a sea of troubles , and by opposing , end them . To die , to sleep no more ... 
got new cowboy boots ! Can't wait to use them . 
" Well , I just heard the news today . It seems my life is gonna change ... I'll take a breath , I'll take her by my side . We stand in awe : we've created life ... With arms wide open ... Welcome to this place , I'll show you everything . " 
SO ... for the hundred-millionth time , my mom's going to put me up for adoption . 
"' Cause when you are with me , I'm free , I'm careless , I believe . Above all the others we'll fly . This brings tears to my eyes : my sacrifice . " 
I refuse to have a fever . 
is 13 years , 6 months , one day , 6 hours , and 5 minutes . 
( oh , you're making me live ) ... Oh , you're the first one when things turn out bad , you know I'll never be lonely , you're my only one and I love the things , I really love the things that you do . Oh , you're my best friend . 
You're all I dream about , I can't live without , all I want is you . 
Our destruction of " Romeo and Juliet " was a complete success . 
WE'RE FINALLY HOME !!!! 
Some people .. are just so darn amazing . 
Riding tomorrow !! YEAAH ! 
I ? riding horses ... 
Oh , wait ... I guess there is one indisputable upside ... REAL JEWISH BAGELS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
won't be on the computer until next year . 
Mashoom appataza ! 
Sweet , wonderful you ... 
I believe in the power of prayer ! Posting for a friend of a friend .... Kayala Scott-her 22 month old sonshot himself in the chest with a brad nailer . It went in his heart . Heis now in critical condition and not doing good . Neither is his mom . Please , start a prayer chain for this baby !! Please copy and ... repost ... you would want someone to do this for you !! 
And if I built this fortress around your heart , encircled you in trenches and barbed wire , then let me build a bridge , for I cannot fill the chasm . And let me set the battlements on fire . 
Almost finished packing !!!!!! YEAH ! 
AWESOME !! On my parents ' new computer I can type in " faceboko " and it goes to facebook !!!!! 
Too 
much love will kill you , just as sure as none at all . It'll drain the 
power that's in you , make you plead and scream and crawl . And the pain 
will make you crazy , you're the victim of your crime . Too much love will 
kill you , every time . 
Oh , to play a 3-hour soccer game in a field of mud and come home soaking wet ... 
And I will try to fix you ... 
I can see for miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles .... 
My first day of school ... EVER . 
Is there anything more frustrating than Gianna now that she's the " oldest " ? ( grrrr .... ) 
Feels like I'm dying , yeah . 
Bulbous buffont - blubber - Macadamia ! 
Today is a dark , depressing , dismal , dejecting , dreary , dispiriting , doleful , disheartening day . 
uh .. have I done something wrong ? 
" Not a bit of him's scraggly or scrawny . " " That's right ! And every last inch of me's covered with HAIR ! " 
Your 
name : Isabella Coccia l Type your name with your elbow : isabged3lloaq 
Type your name with your nose : isabella Type your name with your 
eyes closed : Isabella Coccia ... copy this to your status erase my name and 
put yours and try it out !! 
Hyperventilating .... and trying so hard not to scream . 
Oh give me a meal , where the potatoes peel , where the beer and the canteloupe play ... anybody got suggestions for the rest ?? 
I just had my first Mars ' bar in 3 years ... 
Not 100 in the United States hate the Roman Catholic Church , 
but millions hate what they mistakenly think the Roman Catholic 
Church is . -- Bishop Fulton J . Sheen 
Only one more day at the high school .... WOOO ! 
" Now some matches are made in phosphorus factories , while others are made in heaven . " 
One of the most interesting and most boring movies of all time : Russian Ark . One single continuous shot , done in one take , visually beautiful , but completely plot-less . And a little creepy . 
Our lives are made in these small hours , these little wonders ... 
“Even in laughter the heart may ache , and joy may end in sorrow . ” 
I'm a little fuss-pot , short and stout . Hear me whine and see me pout . When I get all steamed up , then I shout , " Just tip me over and knock me out ! " 
Let's get down to cooking , to defeat the buns . Did they send me toasters when I asked for crumbs ? You're the saddest cook I've ever met , but you can bet before we're through , somehow I'll make a cake out of you . ( Be a pan ) You must be gross as a frying liver ( be a pan ) with all the force of a chocolate cake ( be a pan ) with a fry daddy deep fryer , mysterious as the burnt side of the steak !! 
Frosted as a cupcake , but fudgy within . Once you reach the center , it will taste like gin . It's tastless , raw , disgusting roast , and sticks to your mouth like glue . Somehow I'll make a pan out of you . ( Be a pan ) You must be gross as a frying liver ( be a pan ) with all the force of a chocolate cake ( be a pan ) with a fry daddy deep fryer , mysterious as the burnt side of the steak ! 
For you , there'll be no more crying . For you , the sun will be shining ... 
HAPPY NEWYEAR !!!!!!! 
Now , if I could just find the motivation , and somehow make it last for like 3 or 4 years .... 
I'm here without you , baby , but you're still on my lonely mind ... 
We are ( finally ) arranging a weekend for the seniors/freshmen to see TWOEE !! 
Today in Science we reviewed yesterday's review of the review of the day before ... 
Then Jesus declared , " I am the bread of life .... I tell you the truth , unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood , you have no life in you . For my flesh is real food and my blood is real drink . " 
-- John 6:35 , 53 , 55 
When you try your best but you don't succeed , when you get what you want but not what you need ... Stuck in reverse ... 
I love algebra . 
??? ??? ?????????? ????? ??????? 
" KILL THE LAWYER !!! " 
Cream-colored ponies and crisp apple strudels [ mm ... ] , doorbells and sleighbells and schnitzel with noodles , wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings : these are a few of my favorite things . 
I'm feeling thin , like chocolate pudding scraped over too much ham ... 
My IQ is officially 114 . 
So now I step out of the darkness that my life became ' cuz , I just needed someone to talk to , you were just too busy with yourself , you were never there for me ... I just stuffed it down . 
My heart wants to sing every song it hears ! 
just wants to siiiinnggg something !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
No - no - Why is there snow ? I do not know , but it is so . 
Tears stream down your face , when you lose something you cannot replace ..... 
Please , join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has 
been eaten by velociraptors . My wish is that people will understand that 
being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up from a vicious carnivore is 
not a choice - people that were eaten were just not fast enough . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you post this to raise awareness ? 
OK , so I copied this Mrs. Huzovic who copied it from several other people I'm not sure I know ... Quote of the day : When someone asks you " What would Jesus do ? " remember that a valid option is to freak out and turn over tables . " ~ Unknown 
is REALLY supposed to be reading Herodotus .... 
I know ! I'll turn him into a flea , a harmless little flea . Then I'll put that flea in a box , then I'll put that box in another box , and I'll mail the box to myself , and when it arrives - MWAHAHAHA - I'LL SMASH IT WITH A HAMMAH !!! 
I am posting statuses every five seconds . 
Greensleeves , now farewell , adieu , God I pray to prosper thee . But I am still thy lover true .. Come once again and love me . 
" I've just had an apostrophe . " " I think you mean an epiphany . " " Lightning - has just struck my brain .. " " Ooh , that must hurt . " 
If you say that you are mine 
I'll be here till the end of time 
So you gotta let me know 
Should I stay or should I go ? 
:'( 
-- Likemy 
status and I'll say --- 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking 
at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first 
memory of you . 4 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 5 . My 
favorite thing about you . 6 . Challenge you to post this as your status 
What would I do without music ? 
What is really creepy ... is when our whole family ( excluding my dad ) starts imitating Spanish Buzz .... all at once . 
Let's start a riot , a riot , let's start a riot 
Let's leave , oh , let's get away , get lost in time , where there's no reason left to hide . 
IT'S SNOWING !!!!!!! Finally ! 
Ees habodai , heesken ha , lego cheesecake , oh ! 
" I wanna see him die in pain , not just - " * falls on the floor and writhes in agony * 
I thought that I heard you laughing , I thought that I heard you sing . I think I thought I saw you try . But that was just a dream .. 
Our first Thanksgiving in WY was at the Marshalls ' ... how fitting that so our last should be . 
You make life so sweet , yeah yeah yeah , pour a little sugar on it , oh yeah , pour a little sugar on it honey , pour a little sugar on it baby . I'm gonna make your life so sweet , yeah yeah yeah , pour a little sugar on it honey . AAAH sugar .... 
Creed is just awesome . 
I just can't believe the loveliness of loving you ( I just can't believe it's true ) I just can ' believe the wonder of this feeling too ( I just can't believe it's true ) OHH Sugar , honey , honey ! 
gets to play a beautiful , beautiful grand piano tomorrow ... I am bringing all my Beethoven , Chopin , Mozart and I am determined play all day . 
AARRRGGGHHH !!! Should I concoct a devious machination for vengeance ? Or should I just beat her up ? 
Change 
your profile picture on facebook to a cartoon or favourite art piece 
from childhood , and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday 
there should be no human faces on facebook , just an invasion of 
memories . This is to raise awareness for the campaign against child 
violence . Copy this to your status and change your profile picture too . 
Now that we're here , so far away , and I feel that I can face the day . And I can't forget , and I'm not ashamed to be the person that I am today . 
How do you say , " I think that you will like it " or " I think you ate it " or something like that in Latin ? I have an awful time writing emails and need some help . 
We're in a garbage truck on the way to the dump ! 
Well that just totally ... unmade my day . 
Today was just awesome . 
At times , life is wicked and I just can't see the light ... a silver lining sometimes isn't enough to make some wrongs seem right . 
Mirfie's coming home tomorrow !! TOORAY , TOORAY ! 
So I held my head up high , hiding hate that burns inside , which only fuels their selfish pride . 
And I will try to connect all the pieces you left , I will carry it on and let you forget . And I'll remember the years when your mind was clear , how the laughter and life filled up this ... 
Strange to say ... I don't think I've ever been happier . 
CHOCOLATE ! 
Happy birthday Giancarlo !!!!!!! 
Flip , flop , lollypop ... 
" Love anything , and your heart will certainly be wrung and possibly broken . " 
- C.S. Lewis 
... whir , whir , spinning the gold into precious straw . 
" She strangled herself in her sleep . " " Suicide ? " " No , it was definitely Murder . " 
I want a Christmas tree , I want a Christmas tree , goofy doofy goofy doof , I want a Christmas tree . 
Snow , snow , snow , snow , shall I ever see thee melt ? 
You , in your shell . Are you waiting for someone to rescue you from yourself ? Don't be disappointed when no one comes . 
But I just can't convince myself ; I couldn't live with no one else ; and I can only play that part and sit and nurse my broken heart ... So lonely , so lonely , so lonely .... 
Our poor laptop is dying ... 
SHOOTAH ! 
played the drums for the first time ... man it was awesome . 
keeps stealing her little brother's presents ... 
I miss Lindy ... and Goldie ... and Tex ... and Zeke ... and Sky ... and Storm ... and Pavi ... and Hailey ... and Rowdy ... and Audi ... who am I forgetting ? 
I am sooo sick of me ... 
Even if I say , " It'll be alright , " still I hear you say you wanna end your life ... It's not too late , it's never too late . 
Oi am a shaak , no ' a moin'less aytin ' machine . If Oi am to chaynge this image , Oi must fust chaynge moiself . Fish ah friens , no ' food . 
Haha , might as well .... 
Describe me using the first letter of your name , set as your status and see what you get ! 
We did it , we did it , oh yeah yeah yeah . No eating here tonight , no no no eating here tonight , no no no eating here tonight you're on a DIet ! 
Shopping .. BLEH . So depressing . 
Seeing red again , seeing red again ... 
?? ? " My ears like to talk , my ears like to talk , they're talking to my nose and my mouth . " ?? 
Why give up ? Why give in ? It's not enough , it never is , so I will go on until the end . 
Woah , I'm a carnivore , I'm a lethal carnivore , I'm an Englishman eating pork . 
She's a fluffy little bubble 
With a frilly kind of air 
And with very little trouble , 
I could pull out all her HAIR ! HAHAHAHAHA ! 
I've been putting out fire - with gasoline ! 
Evanescence is so awesome . 
" Evil does not wear a bonnet ! " 
I sit alone and watch the clock , trying to collect my thoughts , and all I think about is ... you . 
I'm too young to lose my soul , I'm too young to feel this old .. 
I have got a lovely bunch of coconuts ( deedle-dee-dee ) There they are a-standing in a row ( bom bom bom ) Big ones , small ones , some as big as your head ! 
I have a new best friend ! Take that , ye faded ones !!! 
She spoke , and Telemachos sneezed amain , and around him the palace re-echoed terribly to the sound . 
We can grow all kinds of plants ! Vegetable plants , pizza plants ! 
Somehow I'll show you that you are my night sky ... 
And if I bleed , I bleed , knowing you don't care . 
I'm broken when I'm open And I don't feel like I am strong enough And I'm broken when I'm lonesome And I don't feel right when you're gone 
And in the end I guess I had to fall ... Always find my place among the ashes . 
Can I just like , die now ? 
Water . Earth . Fire . Air . 
BANANA , PESTO , AND STUPIDITY ! BWAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA ! 
If you just walked away , what could I really say ? It wouldn't matter anyway . It wouldn't change how you feel . 
Bogus .. Heinous .. Most non-triumphant ... 
Well , I really don't like this new profile Facebook is forcing upon us ... 
I will not die , I'll wait here for you . I will survive ! 
" All the little jagged ends of my life have come together to form a complete and mystical ... whole . " 
Esse , aut non esse ; illud est dubium ; Si nobilior est in mente glandes et sagittas casus flagrantis suffere , aut armos contra mare negotiorum cappissere et ab oppositu , ea finire . 
... our marriage ... TAYL WUN OF US AIS DAY-ED ! 
had a furious battle with a 6-foot snowdrift for her brother ... AND WON ! 
I know I've been mistaken , but just give me a break and see the changes that I've made . I've got some imperfections but how can you collect them all and throw them in my face ? 
Biscuit , biscuit , biscuit ... 
This is so unfair .... 
But they couldn't prevent Jack from being happy .. 
S-A-T-U-R , D-A-Y , DAY ! 
Why , why do we live this life ?.. I'll give it away , ' cause I don't want it no more . 
Now I'm scared .... 
Each morning I get up I die a little , can't barely stand on my feet . Take a looOOOk in the mirror and I cry , Lord what'd you do to me ? 
I'm losing you , I'm losing you .. Ain't love the sweetest thing ? 
Look , look , see , see , smashing up the crane : there goes Brock , there goes Ock , killing Mary Jane . 
Did I fall asleep ? Is this all a dream ? Wake me up , I'm living a nightmare ! 
Why don't you all just ffffffffffffffffade away ? 
Monday , Monday ..... 
You're going down ! You're going down , down !!!! 
So . It's finally official . Xavier is a Martian , I'm a Plutonian , and Carlo's an African orc . 
I must be the world champion of dropping breakable objects and impaling myself on every sharp corner in sight . 
I think I'm the only person who can turn around and accidentally smack her face into a wall that she knows is there ... 
Christ is risen from the dead ! By death He conquered death and to those in the grace He granted life ! 
Dear my love , haven't you wanted to be with me ? And dear my love , haven't you longed to be free ? I can't keep pretending that I don't even know you ... 
Facebook in Filipino is ... WEIRD . 
Happy Birthday to my Dad !! 
really wishes someone would shoot her in the head . 
has the most annoying laptop in the world . It thinks the " chat " button's the " home " button . And it gets stuck every time you double click . And it types at about 1/3 mile a decade . 
" Zuko , you must look inside yourself , to protect yourself from your other self , so that your true self may reveal itself ... " 
Prayer chain needed ... Please help us pray for FB friend Audrin King and her family . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 Cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , GOD knows her ... Please post this to your Profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for this little girl ... The power of prayer speaks volumes . Please POST and God Bless you for doing this . 
MINNIE'S COMING HOME TOMORROW !!!!! 
" Knock , knock . " " Who's there ? " " Moosh . " " Moosh who ? " " AWAKEN !!! " 
The light that you see at the end of the tunnel is the headlamp of a fast approaching train . 
Well , it's May 22 and we're all still here . 
Modesty and propriety , they lead to notoriety ... 
Need .... chocolate ... must find chocolate ... 
Twenty thousand miles to an oasis ; twenty thousand years will I burn . Twenty thousand chances I wasted waiting for the moment to turn ... 
De do do do , de da da da , is all I want to say to you ! 
MEESA A PRAY-ERIE DOG !! 
