youtube rules . it honestly does 
green day sounds like techno dance mixy when sped up 
i love taking back sunday . they are definetely one of the best bands ever . 
HEY does anyone remember tiny toons ? that definatly has to be 1 of the BEST cartoons EVER !!!!!!! im watchin it now on youtube . ahh the 90's . 
i wish how 2 play acoustic guitar . it sounds really pretty when you play it right . 
another thing im happy about is that schools out 2morrow !! YAY !!!! :) :D 
i love ddr . im listenin 2 speed over beethoven . its SO COOL !!!! 
go go emo rangers woah !! yall should expect me to watch somethin like that . lol i love the theme song though . i know it sounds like mighty morphin but it still sounds cool 
i think solitaire hates me . i almost never win . I DONT KNOW WHY !!!! otherwise just listenin to music . rip shaniya davis . her mother is just frikken crazy . what i wanna do is cuss her the freak out but i cant on here cuz i have adults that can read this . dang . 
rock and roll baby , dont u know that we're all alone now , i need something to sing about 
::: copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Bangable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : bf/gf type . 19 : Playa . 20 : The Best . 21 : God Loving . 22 : Smart . ... 23 : Loving .... 24 : Loyal . 25 : Trustworthy . 26 : Fake . 27 : Spiritual .... 
i might be sick with a cold . its not fun . at all . and im frustrated cuz i cant find a powerpoint i was workin on yesterday . today is just not my day . 
they call me MR . PIG !!!! AHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! i love the lion king 
AHHHHHHHHHHH !! IT'S SNOWING !!!!!!!!! 
just listening to cool R&B . people like mary j blige and tamia and kc & jojo 
yeah its me !! im finally here !! 
im so happy ... no school tomorrow ... YAY !! 
nst nst nst nst nst nst nst nst nst nst 
@ the library . listenin 2 music . otherwise really bored . 
for some reason i have the turkish march stuck in my head ... what do i do to get it out ? 
for some reason , im watchin schoolhouse rock videos . im so bored . 
BLACK !! :) :P 
digimon digital monsters digimon are the champions . change into digital champions to save the digital world . 
night yall 
omg one of the most beautiful songs ever is " alone in this bed " by framing hanley . it really is . 
ok im back ... im free to talk . 
im excited for the new semester 2morrow !! but im dissapointed cuz i probably wont be able to see certain ppl ( rachael and sarah know who im talkin about ) 
My Grandma's in the hospital . I'm going to see her with my dad . 
stunning teletubbies and making them feel pain is sooooooooooooo fun 
its official , i love christian rock 
FACEBOOK GAME ... here's the deal- If you like me you have to click " LIKE " to this status .. real friends will click they like you , those who don't care so much won't .... SOOO here's the moment of truth .... Copy and paste this to your status .... I guarantee not all of your friends " like " you ... can u beat 10 ? (not family though cuz i know yall like me ) 
listening to the greatest masterpiece of all time : the four seasons by antonio vivaldi . i swear this dude is a genius . he is just a freakin genius . :) 
ok so i hadnt gotten a chance to see the teen choice awards(damn bed time)so i didnt get to see miley cyrus sing " party in the usa " . i personally like the song , but i was one of the many ppl fooled by studio production . i just saw her performance on youtube and came to a conclusion : miley cyrus is a slut , a future stripper , and cant sing worth CRAP !!!! 
im the new cancer , never looked better , and you cant stand it 
i only have one question ... who the freak is brooke benson ?? 
is happy cuz she finally has hunted . im already like a 1/3 through the book . after this i have to read tempted . 
we are the ones . we get knocked down . we get back up and stand above the crowd , we are one . who's sick of wondering if it's life or death ? 
i love pandora.com and rock band/guitar hero cuz they introduce you to new bands . pandora introduced me to skillet , and rb/gh introduced me to dragonforce . im happy !! :D 
doin the choreography for the coolest project in gym EVAR !!!! might add another song(we already came up with 4[my group ]) . 
If i have ever made you smile click the " like " button . copy and paste this as your status and see how many people you have made smile . 
hey yall , there's this new band called we love radio . theyre really good . i think yall should listen . especially if you like bands like all time low or yellowcard or cartel . again LISTEN TO THEM !! THEY'RE GOOD !! 
i know it was yesterday ... but strings fest is the best . i think it gets better every year(and im not talkin about the songs ) . 
i had a great day today . but on the way home i saw the craziest thing . there was a HORSE at a GAS STATION !!!! WTF ?!?! 
i think its time to stop when you yourself start thinking " wtf am i listening to ?? " 
im bored ... SOMEONE TALK TO ME !!!!!!!!!! 
the best group name ever : " the 3 anegros " . 
i wanna go to canada ... they have EVERYTHING !!!! 
1 thing 2 say 3 days grace 4 ever 
you know a song is good when a part of you dies when it's over . and that was your first time ever hearing the song . 
who has 4th period english 1 ? 
omg school on monday !! im ready . i gots ppl to see !! :D 
ok im an aries now ... wah ? im confused , astrologers back in like the bc times just disregarded a constillation just because they wanted 12 signs . wtf ? 
" Sometimes people make me feel ... constipated . " * sigh * i love nstep . first day was awesome except for the fact that my bio teacher gave us a test on the first day . i mean seriously who DOES that ?? but yeah i had fun . 
we'd rather make our children lovers than murderers . we'd rather make our children white flag warriors . - " white flag warriors " by flobots ft tim mcilrath from rise against 
Just saw kickass . best movie ever !!!! i already know theres gonna be a sequel so i cant wait for it !! 
ive just experienced a little of the good life . i just had a good time . ( three days grace reference ) . hotels are great . 
is happy cuz she's watching smart house on youtube . :) talk to me . 
if anybody gets a youtube link from me , i didnt send it to you . i dont know what happened . i really dont know . 
Yo u Tube http://libychoubila.blogspot.com/ 
ok so maybe i wont do it every day and i might not do everybody but yall get the point . just remember this little secret : you are beautiful . dont ever forget it and dont let anybody tell you different . 
if anybody actually cares , i got a tumblr . woo 
watching parenthood , my new favorite " adult " show . not the old one . the one on nbc . 
just listened to one of the stupidest songs ever cuz of ahkiye . i feel all late cuz imma bout a stupid question : whos brantley and miles ? 
did good @ the concert , had fun @ myrtle beach all weekend . yay i happy !! 
if you want to , please explain to me what love feels like . cuz i wanna know how it feels to be in love . id appriciate it . :) <3 
just got home from a funeral and has the " naked molerat rap " stuck in her head . ahh the memories . 
symphony orchestra concert friday @7 at RHS . come if you want , its free . 
Im almost ready for thurs to hurry up and come . tennesee here i come . woo . 
Pa pa pa pa pa pa power lol 
just got her eligibility certificate . watch out ppl , imma be on the road soon !! 
im at my aunt's house with jalil , kiye , diamond , g , and coco . just chillin today . 
who has first lunch 1st semester and second lunch 2nd semester ? 
atreyu rules . like seriously 
good luck to all the nhs band kids goin to dc tomorrow . i hope yall win . :) 
Ok how many people think i should change schools and go to early college and graduate early ? both my parents want me to but i dont . what do yall think ? 
IT'S TIME FOR THE PERCOLATOR !! 
Last rehearsal before the actual play tomorrow . excitement !! 
Ok for some reason there 2 bus drivers on our bus . wtf ? 
Foreva eva eva ? Foreva eva eva ? Eva eva ? 
Nother show tonight ... cant wait !! 
on my way to rhs early . mom has an out of town trip . concert @ 7 . be there or be square(yes i said that ) 
finally back from tennesee . so happy . cant wait to see all my friends tomorrow . i miss yall . ready to talk when you are . 
Happy mothers day evrybody !! i hope you get lots of gifts , yov deserve it . 
I'm listening to " Ohio ( Come Back to Texas ) ( Outro ) " by Bowling for Soup and this song is HILARIOUS !! its awesome !! http://bit.ly/ddmMh7 
the blondes , the nerds , the band geeks , the oreos , and the blasians . sounds like a disney movie but it defines my friends perfectly . 
Thank yall for the bday wishes . i really appriciate it and i love all of yall . also happy birthday to my daddy . ily !! 
Looking forward to rehearsal tomorrow . what , what would i do ? ( insider ) 
2 things ... 1 : if the ppl at northern(representing america ) are going to be the parents of tomorrow , we're ________(fill in the blank ) . 2 : i am really going to be scarred for life by the things i hear(voluntary or not ) , watch , and experience . 
best quote ever : " One day dude , just gonna get off the bus . And I'm going to run into the woods , and I'm NEVER GONNA COME BACK . And when I come back ! I'm gonna be the knife master " - Jimmy " the rev " Sullivan rip . 
@ the movies . happy to be out of that school . i was at dat for 14 freakin hours . oh lord im so glad tomorrow is the last show . i can finally ride the bus home !! 
Michael jackson will not rot ... its allllll plastic 
* FLASH * DUCK AND COVER !!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
watching glee . " give me chocolate or I WILL CUT . YOU . " 
i get to drive today !!!! EEEEEEEEEE !!!!!! wish me luck :) 
Omg apparently travis is rachaels pimp lol . i love my friends . 
its time to do the turkey pat down and cavity search today !! hope yall have a good thanksgiving <3 
Exam week tomorrow . Ugh don't want but have to . Btw , if anyone @ cms sees anthony l , please smack him upside the head and tell him it was from me . 
i love my friends ; no matter how crazy , random , stupid , or " drug addicted " they are . 
nhs and rhs band/orchestra trip 2010 ftw !!!! i miss tennesee :( 
@ the bimbe festival . saw 2 females with outfits you should never in your life wear in public . 
Someone please tell me why justin beiber is being played @ the bimbe festival . i honestly want to know . 
ok sometimes when my friends are acting really stupid but funny , i ask : why am i friends with you ? now i think its time to switch it : why are you friends with me ? its just something thats been on my mind . im having one of my insecure days . 
question : how many ppl knew that jason earles from hannah montana is 33 ? OMGD !!!! hi coulda sworn he was like 23 or somethin . 
practicin my bass , tryin my hardest to get tabs from youtube and play them right 
loves talking in song lyrics . its fun . ;D 
is sooooooooooo happy tomorrow is the last day of drivers ed . cant wait to drive too . close friends and family : stay off the roads when i say im drivin that day . lol 
@ the graduation for my uncle and cousin . Congrats grads , I love yall !! But I am frustrated at all these ignit ppl . 
you know what , im bored , i think imma do that number thing . go on ' head ... 
OMG guess what ... i found the cure to growing older !! 
just heard " im on a boat " ... sigh brings me back to tennessee . 
im on a bus , im on a bus , everybody look at me im on a ... bus !! lol aww tennessee <3 
had fun at the mall yesterday . it was the BEST !! imma hafta do that again one day . 
41595 i frikken miss you sooooooooo much i can barely type !!!! we had so much fun in english last year torturing dion but i know he liked it lol 
happy 4th and happy b-day to my cuz diamond !! 
guys guess what i just found out ? love is all about ... whistles . thank you bo burnham . 
has anyone noticed that lol looks like someone either drowning or just putting their hands in the air ? 
art club today ... i happy !!!! :D 
straight out da box . stop look and watch . ready yet ? get set . its allllllll that . 
classica and metal are the perfect background/reading music . * sigh * #relaxation 
Axl Rose is suing the makers of Guitar Hero III for allowing ex-bandmate Slash to be in the same videogame as Guns N Roses ... what ?? that makes absolutely no sense . 
had the weirdest dream . all i really remember is me riding a bike around the house(which is weird because i dont know how to ride a bike ) and this music video sung by amir from college humor . and it was an awesome song too , but now i cant even remember how it goes . :( 
let me go ahead to be the billionth person to say happy new year's . 2011+ 1 year+ 11 months+ 20 days = END OF DAYS !!!! jk(maybe ) 
ssh , be quiet , you might piss somebody off 
i wish i could be the one , the one who wont care at all ... finish the lyric 
HEY KIDS !! do i have your attention ? i know the way you been livin ' . life's so reckless , tragedy endless . welcome to the family . ( fav song off of nightmare[welcome to the family ] , avenged sevenfold's new album ) 
is extremely excited for wacky tacky day tomorrow . i really hope we're allowed to wear bathing suits over our clothing at school ... 
Sometimes I wonder if ppl over the age of 70 know that its 2010 and not 1950 . I mean honestly , what's wrong with a female(no matter what race ) going to the pool with a bunch of males(of the " opposite " race ) if those males are her friends and she trusts them . I see no problem with this but apparently one of my elderly relatives does . On another note , for about 2 or 3 minutes , we've been ridin behind horse butt . Lol 
im going to start telling all my friends that they are beautiful every day . so .... just wait and you shall get it soon . 
just got outta art club . we played pictionary . i found out that i can draw better with my left hand than with my eyes closed(w/ right hand ) . i cannot draw a pillow . awesome day tho .... yes massa ;D 
ok pandora , please tell me how you decided to correlate eminem with avenged sevenfold ? i mean , i like eminem but i would just like to know how those 2 are even related . 
best comment on youtube ever : go die for having an opinion . OMG lol 
come little children , i'll take thee away 
into a land of enchantment . 
come little children , the time's come to play 
here in my garden of magic . 
ok if i do get a yearbook this year , remind not to let any of my friends sign it . especially if they plan to sign it the way the signed my shirt today . yes i changed shirts . but im not gonna throw it away , im just never wearing it again ... ok maybe on the last day of school . maybe . 
had so much fun at the pool ... im pretty someone got raped(and it wasnt me ) . 
had the best weekend at the pool up the street that i didnt even know was there until friday ... ( slowness = me ) . i bet that handprint is STILL on his chest lol ;D 
went to the game yesterday . i actually had fun . and we won too . 
concert today @ six !!!! please come . its at the nhs auditorium , $10 for adults , $5 for students(including college students ) . 
SNOW !!!!!!!! 
basically got tickled to death at lunch today . and it was by 2 people at that . :( 
ok whoever put that last status up there THAT WAS NOT COOL !!!!!! ITS NOT EVEN TRUE !!!! 
at the house w/ Ree-Ree Ditzy Chick Allen , Jamila Allen , and Adrienne Carver actin crazy . on my new LAPTOP !!!!!! i happy . ;D 
bout to bake a cake . yay . hope it turns out ok . 
lately ive been gettin stuff from colleges all over the country because of those interest tests and stuff we did in school ... they do realize im only in 10th grade right ? has this happened to anyone else or is it just me ? 
just opened my door . oh my goodness jesus lord that's a lot of snow . wow . 
uno dos tres quatro cinqo cinqo seis 
la la la la la love la la love makes the world go round 
there's nothing here to take for granted with each breath that we take . the hands of time strip youth from our bodies , and we fade . memories remain , as time goes on . 
i swear , i get the weirdest spam . private jet , match . com , engagement ring , asian singles , birth control warning , film school , us immigration , ultrasound tech , las vegas , and this is only half of what i have in there NOW !! 
( cliff)CATDOG !!!! first we're gonna catch ya , ( shriek)then we're gonna pound ya , ( lube)and then it's nap time , followed by cookies and , uh , juicey . 
i know you had to go to your little piece of heaven and i hope you enjoy your afterlife . we all live in this bat country and you took your crossroads and dear god dont let him rest with demons . you had warmness on the soul and i'd scream to get you to out of your nightmare . enjoy your bromptom cocktail , chillin with that girl i know who welcomed you to the family . it was almost easy to write this . 
" i dont speak italian " 
" like i said , third best " 
watchin and likin inglourious basterds 
i love victorious . and songs about broken glass ... lol 
omg i cant wait til friday !! i wanna see all my old friends . :( 
" over and over , over and over , i fall for you . over and over , over and over , i try not to . " - over and over by three days grace . 
im not gonna be in 3rd or 4th period today because of STRINGS FEST !!!!!! im happy . and excited <3 <3 
i swear i have some of the weirdest , pervertest friends . but i love em . ;D 
cant wait until feb cuz thats when the new power rangers series is . :P im such a nerd !! <3 
hey when do we get report cards ? 
i dont love you , im just passin the time . you could love me if i know how to lie . but who could love me , i am out of my mind !!!! 
watched the new power rangers an hour and a half ago . its ok but i dont like how there isnt a background episode/movie . we're just introduced to these high school grads in this samurai school or w/e without knowing who they are , if they're from different places or the same hs or anything . however , i cant wait for the new episode next week . cant really judge from the first episode . 
i just heard the best theme song ever . " mr. sunshine , ( sarcastic ) yay " 
happy " hug a black person " month !!!! question : is weird when a guy tries on your shoes and his legs look better in them than you ? 
is officially watching titanic for the first time tomorrow 
i just something from unc chapel hill in the mail today . ehhhh , im not really interested in there . but thats just me . GO NEUTRALITY !!!! ( i love lunch ) 
SPACE JAM !!!! 
who's allergic to cinnamon because i made donut holes and im bringing them to school tomorrow . there are only 30 so claim now . 
so long , so long i have erased you . i have escaped the bitter taste of you . 
i swear me and Jonathan Towne are the weirdest people in the world . and the awesomest . 
i like turtles . 
so 2nd lunch was extremely crazy today . idk why cuz just about NOTHING happened . 
got extremely bored so i decided to play that retarded game " qwop " . I ALMOST GOT TO 6 METERS !!!! im awesome . 
you all know fractions speak louder than words . i love bo burnham . 
i just found out i actually have a brother . like for real . cool . 
captain planet , he's as hero . gonna take pollution down to zero . 
jsyk , im not talking starting at 7:30 tomorrow morning . anyone else ? 
this spring break got the best start . there was a fight on my bus . AND IT WAS RIGHT ACROSS FROM MY SEAT !!!! very entertaining . 
i might not be able to go to a close 12-hour concert with all my favorite bands , but im pretty sure i'll have just as much with my family bowling and eating fish . happy birthday to my dad , cousin , and grandma . love ya all 
