Is still sick 
wants more presents !! 
has lost all his neighbors in farmville for some reason ... 
is catching a cold 
just heard a very loud noise 
Just woke up from a nap and thought it was 6:39 in the morning 
wishes it would rain more often :D 
now has windows 7 
waaaa I have no talent 
I just got some hand-me-downs 
trying to clear your throat while having hic ups is awkward 
just got red steel 2 
dammit mickey ! whenever you eat cookies at my house I find crumbs on the floor 
I'm starting to feel tired after doing nothing 
I'm bored ! Also Darren made me feel handicapped =( 
my nose is cold 
is going to be taking a break from face book now 
my way worked !! 
is back for spring break 
just read that the ds will be allowed in schools in Japan starting April 
start drinking all the soda mickey ! 
I got my camera , hope no one steals that too 
wants something new to talk about 
damn it I'm sick 
was bored so he made a new steam account 
is made because his computer sucks at gaming 
I just remembered that I'm scared of manikin heads 
fell asleep and woke up 
yay my face book isn't acting so stupid anymore 
I downloaded portal but when I tried to play it my computer froze =( 
is mad cause he left an easy math problem blank on a final 
omg my house is so hot 
Had a really fun day that he doesn't want to forget 
my eyes are itchy but I'm afraid that if I rub them it'll just become worse 
has been attacked by ninjas 
aw my last grandparent died 
has been blocked by a person on aim who is afraid of thinking of ghosts 
is mad at deadliest warrior because they didn't include the AK-47 for the VC 
went to sleep at 2 and woke up at 8 and I feel rested 
wants the VC to win in deadliest warrior 
my dad threw away my classes before I got to see them so now I don't know what I have 
stayed at fanime till 11:44 pm 
people are scary o.O 
I feel shorter o.O 
bijan is a sand monkey 
has lost his concentration 
I'm bored !! 
I know I shouldn't keep staying up late but it's a habit now 
I hate it when lots of little annoying things happen at the same time 
caught a cold during summer 
I'm dooooomed 
I think I have pink eye =( 
haz teh bestest friendz eva !! 
lol omg I just saw a deer walk up the street infront of my road 
bijan is slow 
Im almost home !!! 
there's nothing to do here ..... 
jon save me a slice of cake ! 
IIIIIIIIII AM WATCHING YOU PEEEEEEEEEEEE ~~~~~< 33333 ^_____^ 
nothing like sleeping in a car and waking up to the smell of cow poop 
I hate ants ! 
must look for new things to do 
omfg I can't find my math notebook 
I love it when I have crazy dreams 
In n Out 
the first rain after awhile is so nice 
I hope I'm wrong but I think that someone stole my TI-89 
what are some good sandwich condiments ? 
it never came 
do all my close friends play instruments ? 
I'm losing my will to work !!!! 
I'm so spoiled !! 
you left your box ! 
I found some crumbs 
YOU SHALL ALL FALL !! ICH WILL SPIELEN !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
yay first day of December 
