is going to be in thanet this weekend , give me a shout ! 
Happy Eid for yesterday :) 
can't believe she forgot how boring lectures are and how easy the first term is , plus at 21 is officially a coffin dodger ! 
had a good day at work today despite having to deal with loads of angry customers :) 
can't believe Shipona's single , what a maneater ! lol :p 
saw the most gorgeous baby degu up for adoption in Pets at Home , all on his lonesome 
is excited , but need to scrape some pennies together for a snowboard ! Aaargh !! 
has just discovered an awesome song Black Magic by the Magic Wands , shame all their other stuff is pants ! 
is fed up with reading law journals :( 
is 22 tomorrow ! 
has absolutely amazing friends ! Love u all to pieces :) ( p.s. coming back to Thanet on saturday ! ) 
has just broken her printer ! :( 
definetly has the best bf in the world ! 
Happy Birthday to Allen and Lynne :) 
is getting a Nandos :D 
is unsure what to do , go shorter or grow my hair long ? Help ?! 
snow trip or new laptop ?? 
wishes she was back home in Thanet where the snow is . No snow in Bournemouth :( 
is going out to buy 2 rage against the machine cd's even tho already have the album !! :) 
Hehehe Jedward survived the sing off !! Thank You Simon Cowell !! :D 
is coming home tomorrow night :) RIP Brittany Murphy x 
is hoping to recover before Les Arcs ... please !! 
is ecstatic that Rage are the xmas No . 1 !!! 
is back home :) 
and Scottie are off to Les Arcs :) Happy New Year , good luck keeping your resolutions ! x 
is back home safely after a 22hr coach trip ! Les Arcs was awesome , finally learnt to carve properly !! 
is pretty sure the chem test was a fail ... maybe should have done some revision :( 
is proud of Shipona for doing so well in her GCSE's :) xxx 
never knew I could hate ladybirds soo much !!! 
loves her lil sisters and bro very muchly :D xxxx 
is tired after the Portland field trip , thank goodness Scott's cooking :) 
is starting the assignment ... 
is finally doing the Academic Practice tasks :( 
is looking forward to going home on fri night and partying with the girls for the first time in years !! :D 
is not sure about the new haircut , may need to invest in a wig ! 
had an awesome night with the girls . Happy Valentine's day :) 
isn't gonna bother trying to get the earth systems assignment done for tomorrow , still reading !!! :( 
thinks Scott is a RENIUS !!!! 
thinks Dan Tulloch has got to be the funniest Dan in history !! :D 
according to Scott is soo clever that its like talking to Rainman ... lol 
is still on 500 words , gonna be up til 5am doing this stupid assignment :( 
is finished with maps !! Now statistics ... 
is going to learn to surf in Croyde tomorrow , and am very SCARED !!! 
Alone all weekend now , anyone free in Bournemouth in the evenings to keep me company ? 
is coming home tomorrow but gutted my family isn't back til Saturday :( 
Happy birthday Emzie , now ur old and haggard like me ! :D 
Conservative/Liberal coalition ?? Complete oxymoron !! 
Happy birthday Shipona :) xxx 
wish that I could split into two and finally get everything organised !! 
" make tea not war " - quote of the day from a tea shop in Swanage :) 
can't believe my family are gonna be stuck in Egypt til the 1st of May !!! Lucky buggers !! 
thanks for dinner last night , Abi Killen and Leo Reeves , loved Articulate !! :D xx 
is bored , is anyone around in Thanet ? 
is like the cat that got the cream :D 
should really do the uni work !! Damn degus , facebook and Scott Simmonds for being sooo awesome !! :p 
is definitely the luckiest girl in the world to have Scott Simmonds as her boyfriend ! LOVE YOU !!!! 
ok , don't have a phone atm as mine won't charge so i'm not ignoring you I promise ! 
wishes people would stop trying to convert me !! I DON'T BELIEVE IN GOD . END OF !!! 
is anyone around in Thanet ? Text me !! 
Back to the 9-5's :) 
Had an awesome night last night , thanks wreckheads and massive HA HA in your face !! Leo Reeves for failing to ruin me ! :p 
back in Thanet :) 
back in Bournemouth where the sun is shining but there's loads of work to do !! :( 
We definately have marine geography at 5 today ! Roger has confirmed it xx 
has listened to an unhealthy amount of The Smiths today ... law revision is seriously depressing :( 
1st year DONE ! Hope everyone has an amazing summer :) 
surfing was awesome but I'm now sore and in a bad mood coz of lazy scroungers !!! GET A JOB and if u have one PULL YOUR WEIGHT !!! 
has the best friends in the world !! Can't wait for next weekend ! :D 
is shitting bricks about the Earth's systems exam !! 
back in Bournemouth and shattered ! Was great catching up with everyone ! :) 
can't believe a muscle spasm could cause so much pain :( 
had a brilliant time with Emma Freeborn and Mike Hooper last night , thanks for the roast ! :D 
working 15 days in a row is gonna suck big time !! :( 
2 down , 1 to go til freedom !! 
that field trip just reaffirmed that I don't ever want to be an ecologist ! 
<3 Urban Outfitters :D 
is packing Scott's things for Wales , feel like i'm a mum already !! lol 
got given a large bottle of scotch and 2 cans of ginger ale by a customer today , shame i'm not a 80yr old man 
NYE sorted ! Looking forward to seeing everyone in Chilli White :D 
is going to be selling posh wine all summer , what an awesome job :) 
is actually a bit nervous about getting my exam results , though knowing how rubbish the post in Bournemouth is might have over a week of waiting !! 
needs to get a haircut in Ramsgate , any recommendatiosn please ? 
will never attempt to dye my hair at home ever again now just have bizarre purpley orangey red streaks in my hair :( 
some people are an epic FAIL at life !! Haha :p 
finally have all the presents bought and wrapped , cards written and more new shoes for me ! :D Back in Thanet tomorrow , can't wait !! :D :D 
Thank you for all the birthday messages and to everyone who came out last night , had a brilliant night !! Much love xxx 
Happy 16th birthday to my brother Mo for yesterday !! ( SORRY its late ! ) Love you !! 
needs a new laptop but haven't got a clue what's good , any suggestions ? 
Don't you love it when you unexpectedly get paid ? :D 
on our way home :) See you Thanetians soon xxx 
can't wait to go home on friday !!! 
Children with disabilities are not sick or gross . They only want what we want , to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for one hour . It is Special Education Week and this is in honour of ALL children made in a unique way . 
back in Thanet monday !! :D 
How do people decide when their anniversary is ? First date or from when it gets serious ? 
had an awesome weekend thanks to Kayleigh Sullivan , Linda Oxborrow , Emma-Jayne Hamlington and Lauren Kidd but its made me wish I was 19 again :( 
Derren Brown scares me ... 
So let me get this " straight " - Larry King is getting his 8th divorce , ElizabethTaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , Britney Spears had a 55 hour marriage . Jesse James and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ...?? Repost to your page if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL !!! 
Merry Christmas !! Hope Santa has brought everyone something lovely :) Can't believe this is Scott Simmonds and my 4th xmas together already !! Love you loads xxxx 
thinks Scott Simmonds should stop giving his new ratchet spanners more attention than me ! :p xxx 
thinks I've just wasted 2 hours of my life watching Twilight , what's the hype about ???! 
hates the student loans company with passion !!! 
I like it by the front door ;) 
body has finally given in to the cold , damn ill people giving me their germs !! 
New series of Peep show on tonight :D 
is anyone doing anything for Halloween this year ? 
want my eyebrows back :( 
why is the online timetable system so rubbish !! Mine is now completely blank , does anyone know when we have lectures tomorrow ?? PLEASE !! 
Bournemouth finally has snow !! Yay :D 
have my costume for Thursday :D 
has had to brave the heavy rain just to look at some bacteria , YAY ! 
less than 2 weeks til Xmas , can't wait to go home !! :D 
my phone is now completely dead , so need a new one for less than £100 , as i'm clueless anyone have any suggestions ? Thanks ;D 
been a real kid today , snowball fight in the park , built a snowman and now hot chocolate ! :D 
wondering how I can get enough motivation to read about limpets ?? Bloody ecology !!! 
and Scott finally have a new PC , just got to get used to it now :D 
Snowball fight Meyrick Park , 11:30 today !! 
has managed to finally talk Scott out of dressing up as a red onion on Thursday :D 
back in Bournemouth :) 
has realised that painting is hard !! 
is glad my lil bro is finally home :D 
thinks its retarded that people with 4x4s can't drive in a little bit of snow !! What's the point ??! 
finally x-factor are releasing a decent xmas single , ' mon the Biffy !! 
last night's Misfits was amazing , not back til next year now , sad times !! :( 
<3 Ikea ! Now to re-decorate :) 
