Finally it's Winter Break filled with joy , sleep , and freezing cold weather . 
Christmas Yey !!! :) 
W00T ! Happy New Year , guys ! ( effective 58 minutes ago ! ) :P 
Ah ! R&R why hasth thou forsaken me ! Between the FAFSA , college apps , gates scholarship , OSAI , and physics I've had all the work I can take . I can't wait until I can get back to OSSM so I can rest ( LOL . . . I don't think I'll find rest there either . ) ;) 
On to constructive activities and scholarship hunting . :) 
Apple store . The only legitimate connection with facebook @ ossm . WOOT ! :P 
I love the weekends ... No class so I can just finish my homework , which consists of the lovely past times of reading and playing with C . <3 
" Lauryn , I wanna know how math works . I just don't wanna prove it . " So speaks the solemn words of my cohort Nick . 
Just Graduated Guys !!!! 
. . . . That sums everything up . 
Wooooo Listens to music loudly . Huray for new headphones * dances * 
In these days of intense loyalty towards the opposing forces of red and blue I registered today to officially declare my ride of choice . I decided to by pass the obvious , and instead opted for a mule of sorts : part-elepant-part-donkey and completely Independent in nature . 
Reading of planetary resonance 
Finally back . :P sleep is good . Don't college students ever sleep ? 
To Pittsburgh I go 
Well . . . out of all the college I applied I got into THE best one possible to express my mad compsci skillz . Carnegie Mellon W00T ! 
Why don't people live for their work ? And why isn't work and end for itself . Seems to me no body got into their colleges expecting to find the romance , the love , the passion of their subjects . There just seems to be the conception of salary or simply feeling ones way through life . I just don't get it . Anybody want to clarify it for me ? 
" I'm not asking your name so we can become friends ; I'm trying to gauge your mental state . " -House 
Making Brianna dinner before she get home from school today . A going away present . :D 
Hello . The apple store rocks ! W00T ! No OSSM Blocks ! :D 
There comes a point when one must listlessly wonder what is it to life that indivduals charish so ? People ? School ? Passions ? All the Above or Other ? 
" Who came first : man or woman ? Can the Eternal One be female ? From the womb of what great Mother have you come , all you myriad species ? And by what engendering cause can that womb have been made great ? Duality is inadmissible . In that case , God himself would be the son . . . . " 
" . . . My mind refuses to divide God . If once I allow division , strife begins . Where there are gods , there are wars . There are not gods , but a God . The Kingdom of God is peace . All is absorbed , all is reconciled in the Unique Being . " 
-- Icarus from Theseus 
" Summer has come and past 
The laziness can never last 
Wake me up when semester ends 

Here come exams again 
Falling from the sky 
Cramming for days again 
Sleeping would be nice 
Bring out the Monster drinks 
I’ll stay awake all night to study 
Wake me up when semester ends " 
" I like work . It fascinates me . I sit and look at it for hours . " 
What the installation message should have said : " I'm Eclipse oom nom nom ! * EATS CPU time * oom nom nom .! ( Repeat ) " 
I'm just a dinosaur . I don't know what I'm for . I like to stomp and RAWRRRRR . Hey ! I'm just a dinosaur ! 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST , AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANTED YOU THERE ! I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ON MY FRIENDS LIST ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY & PASTE THIS AS YOUR STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES CHERISH FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU : ) 
Ahh !!! Getting back to the life outside of OSSM where people stand over concrete slabs that cover corpses in the hot sun . I don't mind honoring the dead , but why does one have to do it at the gravesite and in the hot sun ! 
I think I shall enjoy the cold weather of Pittsburg . 
Go hugged on hug a brown person day . lol . :) 
W00T ! Guess whose little sister gets to attend nerd prison . .. . I mean OSSM 
is wondering what to put as her aim buddy icon . It needs to change . 
Watching old home movies of me when I was in Kindergarten and First grade . I was soooo cute !!!!! Ah . Memories to cherish . I miss being able to wear overalls everyday ! 
Religion and Science so far seem to be one and the same . I arbitrarily define them both as methods of discovering truth within a universe of infinately many questions and finitely many man-made answers ( from either religion or science ) . 
Expressing my gratitude to the universe , for life has it's moment of pure joy . 
Chillin , and waiting for the world to pass me by 
CMU housing has currently left me in the dark about where I will stay . Am I the only one who expects to have temporary housing when they get to college ??? >_> 
AHHH !!! Registering for classes tomorrow ! Let's hope I get into the ones I want . ^.^ 
Anyone who cares about expiration dates will not get in the way of the glory train ! They need to fully realize the liver of the triangle rulers ! -Paprika 
Ah . It's my new profile picture cute ?? Tis a black bar of soap with eyes and suds . Random . But cute nonetheless . 
You better not touch my gal or pop you in the kisser , pal 
You better not even try or you'll be looking at a big black eye 
So listen good , you stupid-hood , I'll give you to a count of ten 
And if you're not gone by the crack of dawn 
You'll never ever eat ... no you better be sweet .. 
Or you'll never ever eat solid food , again ! 
-Dino Spumoni 
" Forever rings song ; buzzing of the outter world smells of death . Alone might I watch the stars sweep accross the night ; touch the moon amongst them in bredth . But in Night let this dream fade as reality passes in the moons transendent light . " -Lorn 
Yah'know , I've always wondered why a tiny mask can conceal superheros identities like Robin from Batman ? And why in the world does no one know who Superman is ? He's just wearing his face !!! 
is currently hiding in her room . The excitement of freshman Orientation is crazy but man do I need sleep . 
I just talked to Iva Goldsmith W00T ! 
Today 
Muwahahahah !!! Hello World ! Oklahoma has been missing something and it's baaaaaaaacccccckkkk !!!! Hahahah ! I'm home . 
Life is good here . Sigh if only it weren't for the change in student body . Making friends is a hassle . Why doesn't 
Friends nameOfAwesomePerson = new Friends (); 
work ? So much easier . 
quod erat demonstrandum 
Happy 10/10/10 Signed binary for an official -10 day . <3 
Good Morning World ! I am coming to see you tomorrow on some today . 
WOOT !! House WARS !!! 
Oh my godness ... so tired . Thankgoodness it's friday . 
" I have resolved on an enterprise which has no precedent , and which , once complete , will have no imitator . My purpose is to display to my kind a portrait in every way true to nature , and the man I shall portray will be myself . " 
W00T ! Yay Confessions 
Life ... so oddly random or is it so randomly odd ? I can't tell , but I like it . :3 
“Madness takes its toll . Please have exact change . ” 
LOL . Got an email from THE loveliest picses I know hahah " Like the sands through an hourglass , such are the days of our lives . " -Steph 
Soooo tired just got finished getting lost like three times in pittsburgh been jumping buses today . Fun , but very glad to be safely back in my room . 
Dr. Phil's Test ( what do others see in you ? ) -- My Result : " Examiner " . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/465309/referrals/status?aid=100000025180872 
Woooo . Studying for my new favorite standardized test : the GRE . * plays nerve wrecking music in the background * 
Surely , Joy loves the same that Misery loves : Company . 
" From truth comes courage . From courage comes change . All require faith . " I wish I knew who wrote this quote 
Ah . So tired right now . My brains shuts off at 10pm OSSM standard time . 
is currently learning how to count , specifically in two ways . 
Me : Do you think I'm sometimes racist ? Sis : Hey that reminds me of that song ! " everyone's a little bit racist sometimes . Doesn't mean we go around committing hate crimes ... " 
SSSsssshhhh ... quiet down voices ! I am listening to the walls speak ... generally they whisper softly " Microsoft " over and over again . 
It is important to retain faith in one's inner being during the confrontation of external expectations reguardless of whether others respect your decisions or not . Are we not the master of our own dreams or were we place in this world to gain approval 
" What is hateful to you do not do unto your fellow human being , this is the whole fo the Torah ; the rest is commentary , go and learn " -Hillel 
Avast ! Virus database has been updated . 
You know you have been coding for too long when you're revising a hardcopy of your history paper and search through the sheets a few seconds wondering where the save button is . 
Hahah . Got to see those lovely , amazing , juniors of mine , and a few grand juniors ! Ah , for the life of me .. no evening could have been more perfect . 
" I would hurl words into this darkness and wait for an echo , and if an echo sounded , no matter how faintly , I would send other words to tell , to march , to fight , to create a sense of hunger for life that gnaws in us all . " Richard Wright 
" The trouble with quotes on the Internet is that you can never know if they are genuine . " 
-- Abraham Lincoln 
You know you're in the best class ever when your choice weapon against a legion of blood sucking , puzzle solving mathematicians is a super paralyzing SOCK !!!!! < | :3 
WHAT ?!?!? My homework is FILLED with armies of snowmen with super snow powers , ropes made out of dark matter oh and an EPIC battle with dragons ... So what's you're homework like ? 
Just got my grades back , and the only thing I can say is that I hate concepts right now . 
“Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong . No matter how fast light travels , it finds the darkness has always got there first , and is waiting for it . ” 
Terry Pratchett 
Hmm . Well the chosen ciriculum of courses are often arbitrary . However , when your professor has INVENTED amortized analysis , splay trees , link/cut trees , and skep heaps . I think I know why those show up so often in the course XD . 
You think that the only truth that matters 
is the truth that can be measured . 
Good intentions don't count . 
What's in your heart doesn't count . 
Caring doesn't count . 
But a man's life can be measured 
by how many tears are shed when he dies . 
Just because you can't measure them , 
just because you don't want to measure them , 
doesn't mean it's not real . 
And even if I'm wrong , you're still miserable 
Thanks Guys for all the Happy Birthday wishes ! :D I really appreciate it ! <3 
Bahahhaah ! When I grow up and become a pokemon trainer I wanna be just like N ! <3 
My algorithm for living is greedy .. not always guarenteed to get the optimal soultion ! XD 
" Apple is the WORST company ever !! " 
My favorite Quote by Krystal Brown ... for some unknown reason I laugh whenever I read this ! XD 
" [ Scotty ] Are you from the future ? [ Kirk]Well he is . I'm not . [ Scotty ] Wonderful ... Do they still have sandwhiches there ? " ahah I love that ! 
Web Scripting has a way of opening one's eyes . It's only after you have hunted for a bug for a half hour only to realize Internet Explorer's Refresh Button has become dsyfunctional AGAIN and you switch to FireFox .. cuddling up with FireBug . 
" I'm Castor ! Your host . Provider of all entertainments and diversions ! At your service .... I'm steppin away for a moment boys . Change the scheme , alter the mood , electrify the boys and girls , if you'd be so kind . " 
Would you leave your life to chance , close your eyes , and sign a LIFE BINDING contract simply because everyone else in your family has . I hope not ! Then why in the world do people say they live as Christians and yet cannot say throughout all your years of devotion have read it cover to cover ? What then CAN you say you base your life off of , cause it can't be the bible if you haven't even read it ! Thoughts anyone ? 
" You are what you love , not what loves you . " -Adaptation 
You live , grow up , and learn only to find out that most everything you believed in were a pack of dumbed down lies ! Ah . sighs ..... 
" I'magine me and you , I do . To think about you day and night it's only right to think about the one you love and hold her tight .. so happy together ! " 
LaurynB at work doing homework aka creating a " marvelous Web 2 . Oh-my experience " For imaginary users . Just keepin ' the TA's happy . I like seeing 100% scores on my websites . ;) 
" In a merry mood today Mr. Todd ? " -Judge Turpin 
" Listen strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government . Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses not from some farcical aquatic ceremony ! " Ah . communal versus tributary ideologies . classic 
GMail Motion ! People , THIS is beautiful ! 
Oh cool youtube is 100 years old today :D 
has too much on her mind X ( Darn Ideation strength ! 
Bit , Bytes , and Nibbles . 
