Anyone who doesn't see Bruno is a coward . 
Psychoville = Awesome . The Life and Times of Tim = Awesome . That is all . 
Numerology readings can be distressingly precise when reading your personality . 
To all of you on Facebook-whatever you do , don't ever , EVER join the Army . That is all . 
Ladies and Gentlemen- Tipton = Shite . That is all . 
Sad Sweet Dreamer ... it's just one of those things you put down to experience ... 
I have wireless ! I'm speaking from my room right now ! I have home internet access ! Bow before me , for I am your King ! 
Linux PCs are(expletive deleted) !!!!! 
Whatever you do , DON'T sell your Gold . Don't listen to the TV ads . DON'T sell your Gold ! Don't Do it ! 
Say no to ID Cards ! 
It all returns to nothing ... it all comes tumbling down , tumbling down tumbling down ... 
Stand for Something-or you'll fall for anything ... 
This is a Public Service Announcement . Today is World AIDS Day . Use a Condom . It could save you a load of unnecessary grief . That is all . 
If you want a Christmas Card , send us a message with your address before 18th December . 
I saw Avatar . Has anyone else seen it ? What d'you think ? 
Doctor Who X-Mas Special-and i'll be 25 in a week and 2 days . Also Avatar . 
I watched The Age of Stupid a few days ago-has anyone else seen it ? What d'you think ? 
I'm 25 in a week . Also-Avatar tomorrow ! Yay ! 
Merry Christmas to All ! P.S. Deftones are awesome . 
Avatar = Gaia Hypothesis in action . Discuss . 
Harriet Harman MP is an abomination . P.S. Jobcentre sucks . 
Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles-Heroes in the Half Shell , Turtle Power ...! 
Uploading photos is mentally and physically exhausting . 
Say No to ID Cards ! Say No to the EU ! www.eutruth.org.uk 
Blindness is a very tough film to watch . Anybody else seen it ? What do you think ? 
Just watched Waltz With Bashir . That whole Israel-Palestine business is an ugly business . Who else has seen it ? What do you think ? 
Just read a Transmetropolitan graphic novel-it's official-Warren Ellis is insane . Discuss . 
Can I just ask-all of you on Facebook here who have 100+ friends or more-how many of them do you actually talk to ? Honestly ? Either here or reality 
You can sum up my childhood by just writing out a list of cartoons and TV shows . 
Trekkies , Otaku and Fangirls of all kinds suck ass . Discuss . 
Did they make a video game version of the film Gladiator ? 
Everyone should watch the film Network 
My Carbon Footprint is 7.35 Tonnes a year . What's yours ? 
I have no friends . 
I am inexplicably tired for some reason P.S. My dad just texted me saying my uncle has cancer . That REALLY sucks . No sarky , it does . 
The TV Tropes website has given me brand new reasons to hate fanboys and fangirls of all kinds . 
Is it me or has the main problem with subsequent seasons of Heroes is that they've essentially lost focus ? That it's become somewhat directionless ? 
To all of you single mums and so-called " career " women out there-you bring your problems on yourselves . Discuss . 
Newsflash-Thinspiration-just saw a couple of web pictures-Jesus Christ !!! Bad Idea !! Really Bad Idea ! It is NOT a good idea to be that unnaturally skinny ! 
It's almost impossible to book a Driving Test on DSA for now ...! How irritating 
Equality of the sexes will not be achieved the way we are doing things now . Discuss . 
It you're 25 or over , you have to pay council tax regardless . That kinda sucks . 
I think my multiple neuroses are starting to bleed onto this website . Also-Twilight sucks . 
This website depresses me . Why the bloody hell am I here ? 
Facebook is getting me down , so i'm going off it for a while . Bye for now . 
I am 25 . Mr. David Tennabt is no longer the Doctor . It is official . There is no God , and life is devoid of any and all meaning . I am so old . 
An episode of Wacky Races was on the other day . Discuss . 
Thanks to the Madness of King George , we're all going to very poor 
Who is The Man in White ? 
Should I order Justice League Unlimited Season 2 boxset or order Infinite Crisis and Blackest Night tie ins instead ? I am a money wasting & ? #@ ! %£$+£l 
At the end of March I may make a final-ish decision to leave/stay on Facebook . See you ' round . 
Half man , half machine , what does it mean ? What does it mean ...? 
We're no longer in March , we're in April and i've made the decision not to leave Facebook , but I will be on less often-not that i'll be missed 
Do they still make Pop Tarts ? 
Just saw Steve Moffat's New Doctor Who-Matt Smith is gonna be alright 
Marvel's Cloak and Dagger are comic's first interracial couple . Considering America's ' interesting ' history with race , how is that not a big deal ? 
House M.D and Wilson remind us of Rorschach and Nite Owl . Discuss . 
Inland Empire . My brain hurts . Discuss . 
I watched Ginger Snaps yesterday-not seen it in years-who else has seen it-what do you think ? 
Money's too tight to mention ... Oh Money , Money , Money Money ... 
At the risk of Trolling , methinks Jean Grey is a Mary Sue . 
Watched season 1 Moral Orel-Funny ! 
" I wanna sleep but I hear voices ... I hear them calling out to me ... " 
Horror thought : Jean Grey Dark Phoenix as a Black Lantern 
One Nil ! One Nil ...! England did something right ! 
New Misfits on E4 at 11 ! Watch ! 
I'm sick of bloody computers so i'm going away for a bit . 
Justin Davis is surprised to find out one of his Facebook mates is Bi 
I cannot remember the last time I got ( ) 
I realised something-Twilight is really just terrible Buffy and Angel fanfiction . How could I not have seen it before ? 
I'm Turning Japanese I think i'm turning Japanese I really think so ... 
Let children see their fathers-Don't stop your children from seeing their fathers-if you don't it'll bite you in the ass somewhere down the line 
I'm going off Facebook for a week . Bye bye 
Jem is what my Jungian Anima would look like . 
Does anyone remember the Incredible Crash Dummies ? 
The Justice League Unlimited Season 1 Boxset came today-I should've said something earlier 
Dexter Morgan is Lawful Evil 
Just saw the Misfits Xmas special-*massive Goofy Holler * 
TV Tropes ruined my vocabulary 
There's a pizza/pretzel place in the Pallisades-it's called Ditsch . Their German Pizzas are nice !!! ftw ! 
I shaved my " moustache " .. 
I still live with my parents . 
" ... First , we take Manhattan ... then we take Berlin ... " 
In Heaven , everything is fine , in Heaven , everything is fine ... You have your good things , and I've got mine ... 
Did you know the events of the Harry Potter books , if looked at in a certain way apparently all match up with the 8 Stages of Genocide ? 
A4E pissed us off , but on the other hand I got the Green Lantern Blackest Night tie in and Preacher that I ordered 
It's official-Heroes is being cancelled . 
Iron Man 2 made my weekend-It was awesome ! 
" ... And it's one , two three , what are we fighting for ...? And it's five six seven , open up the Pearly Gates ... " 
Smell My Cheese ! 
BLACK-LANTERN-X MEN ! NOOOOOOOOO .....! 
I still find Naked Gun funny after all this time 
The Doctor could easily be a Red Lantern or a member of the Sinestro Corps 
Poor Strickland Banks ... 
We should have a fully formed UK Bill of Rights 
Six , Six Six-The-Number of the Beast -- I cannot for the life of me get that Iron Maiden song out of my head 
Is anybody gonna vote then ? 
Being a comics fan is pointless as they're all racist . 
The dentist don't like me- this time I was spitting blood for like 1/2 an hour today-Jesus ! 
Public Information films are so very disturbing ... 
One all . One all-to AMERICANS ! WHAT THE HELL ?! 
Just watched Antichrist ... FUUUUUUCCCKKK !!... 
Am I the only black guy in the world who likes the Deftones ? 
I like Waltz with Bashir-especially the soundtrack 
This Place is Death ... 
4-1 . Fucking Footballers ...! 
So far I like what they show on Sky Atlantic-Sopranos , Six Feet Under and Curb Your Enthusiasm = Yes ! 
The applications on this site are fucking hopeless ! Archh ! 
I just watched Lost finale-two words-Jacob's Ladder 
I had a dream where I got in a fight with Brian Michael Bendis for some reason . Why in the hell would I do that ? 
Anyone remember Frances the Firefly ? 
Where the hell am I gonna get a new TV and Video ? 
You know the episode of Family Guy Stewie Kills Lois part 2 ? There was an awesome song sequence in it that they CUT OUT ! Google it and find out ! 
So many old schoolmates on here , so little time ... 
5 days until Inception 
I watched Twilight . God forgive me . 
Just when you think you might have understood Lost Highway it throws you for a loop no matter how many times you watch it 
The Budget in two simple words : We're Fucked . Discuss . 
It's been a year since Michael Jackson died . Discuss . 
Epiphanies suck 
Try living on £65 a week and nothing else for a while . See how fun it is . I dare you . 
I likes Telepopmusik . 
" Are you ready ? Do you know ? I feel it tooooo ... " 
We Monosexuals rule the Earth . 
" Christina ! Bring me the Axe ...!! " 
Google Money as Debt-Learn about where your money really comes from 
My God Damned TV exploded ! 
" Sowing the seeds of Love ... Seeds of Love ... Seeds of Love ... Seeds of Love ... " 
The DC Showcase Supergirl trade is 1 ) a fucking telephone book and 2 ) Silver Age Supergirl is a god damned Game Breaker 
The Goofy Holler is the funniest thing ever . Google it 
Smallville-Wonder Twin powers activate ! 
Boobs = Awesome 
We can dance if we want to , we can leave your friends behind , ' cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance they're no friends of mine 
Don't watch the Boys of St. Vincent at 3am . Jut don't . 
Money is Debt 
I cannot get the coming ( censored ) out of me head ... Steve told me to stop thinking about it but that has the opposite effect and it's makin ' my ass nervous 
Am I the only one who's heard of the Zeitgeist Movie ? 
I got a 34 on the Autism test . Am I an Aspie ? 
Why are Deftones my favourite band ? 
Oldboy ... * yeesh ! * 
I just read Green Lantern : Rebirth-Hal Jordan is an impressive Green Lantern . 
Not long just had a Motorway driving lesson-Yay ! 
Does anyone here remember an old TV show called Mike and Angelo on CITV way back when ? 
I have some bad news . I passed my driving test . 
I watched Back to the Future parts 2 and 3 on Sky Movies earlier today-awesome ! 
Should I care about Lesbophobia ? 
They should call Charles Darwin's Theory of Evolution the Principle of Evolution as it is essentially all proven 
This is gonna seem like trolling , but Jesus would be a Black Lantern 
The Justice League boxsets I ordered arrived yesterday-spent all day yesterday and today watching them all-yay ! 
Whatever you do , do NOT look up ' Malice in Wonderland ' on Youtube . You will regret it . 
Upon reflection , I realise I may be closer to True Neutral than Chaotic Neutral 
Okay it's Valentine's Day , but why is it that the guy has to do all the romancing-essentially all the work romance wise ? Who says this is the way it is ? Who says this should be the way things are ? Well ? So what ? Women can't do the romancing ? They should just be passive and lazy ? Fuck all of you ! 
I got Revenge of the Sinister Six in the post yesterday ... first of all Solo is a dick , second of all , 90's comics art sucks ass ... 
The Pound has apparently lost 9 /10ths of it's buying power . Our money is essentially worthless . 
For some reason my right eye's started twitching at random moments 
I thought of a couple of great ideas for the new comic universe-aren't I a clever girl ? 
I just ordered Blackest Night on Amazon . I couldn't take it anymore 
Saw Jackass 3D yesterday ... Oh Dear GODD ! 
Got Blackest Night in the post today-I just finished reading it . Shhhhhheeeeeeeeiiiiiittttt ...! 
I think it was a False Flag Operation . I think it was an Inside Job . 
Even the annotated version of Final Crisis seems like a boss mindfuck .. 
A4E ? Fuck ' em 
Does anyone here know why it says ' I promise to pay the bearer on demand the sum of ' on every Pound Note ? Every bank note is a ' promise ' to pay and not payment itself . Money is a glorified IOU . 
Am I the only one who was bored by the previous season of Smallville ? 
How can Jimmy Somerville's voice be that high ? 
We are at least 20 years overdue for a Wonder Woman animated series 
Beware of speaking ill of the unemployed . You could lose your job at any time-and then what ? 
I wanted to order the Zeitgeist movie , but Amazon don't have it-It's a conspiracy ! 
I am a loner by nature . Why am I even posting stuff on here ? 
Should I get a hire car for the day ? 
I changed my picture ... the shitstorm , the shitstorm .. 
Leslie Nielsen , Rest in Peace , awesome funnyman 
This has probably been done , but in regards to The Event on Channel 4- 
Remain Indoors 
Should I move out of my parents house ? 
Am I the only one who sometimes finds themselves staring at the computer screen and being unable to think of a website to go on ? 
They didn't have those Chinese Red Chickens at ASDA ... I looked for ages-couldn't find ' em :( 
Sandokan ! Avenger Penguins ! Vicki the Viking ! The Heidi's Song cartoon ! Youtube = Nostalgia Pool ! 
Two words-Flying Sharks . FLYING SHARKS ! 
Am I the only one who thinks the platforms on Birmingham New Street are unlit , too dark and depressing ? 
Enter Shikari's Destabilise-I likes it . Discuss . 
Sonichu . Proof there is no God . 
Komm Susser Tod is such a nice song 
Frankie Boyle's Tramadol Nights . Discuss . 
Happy New Year you bastards ! 
Merry Christmas to all , and to all a Good Night 
" I'm your only friend , i'm not you're only friend , but i'm a little glowing friend , but really i'm not actually your friend but I am ... " 
I likes ZZZonked 
Stranger in Moscow always reminds of the ending to Sonic 3 
I am becoming less opposed to the idea of fancy dress . Why is that ? 
For some reason I had a dream where Michael Chiklis had me in a headlock-I think we were on a high hill overlooking a motorway ... I think we were in a camp to learn how to wrestle (?) I think he was giving us a noogie 
Go , see , open your mind 
www.zeitgeistmovingforward.com 
Team Edward ? Team Jacob ? FUCK ' EM ! Team Sleep ? Yes ! 
Dwayne McDuffie , creator of Static and writer for the Justice League cartoon has died . That sucks ass . Rest in peace , Mr. Mc Duffie-Damn ... 
" Bees . My God . " The funniest thing i've come across all week ! 
Inception won four Oscars . Inception is made of pure awesome . Discuss . 
I forgot to mention that as of today , I have all the volumes of Preacher . 
My heart goes out to the people caught up in that horrible mess in Japan . What a tragedy ... 
One of my mom's goldfish died today :( 
Abridged series are awesome ! 
I wanna play Sonic CD again so bad , man ... 
HOW DARE MY LAPTOP BETRAY ME ! FUCKING WINDOWS VISTA !!!!!! >:O 
I likes Take it Back by The Qemists and Enter Shikari . Am I alone ? 
I've been on a Sonic nostalgia trip all bleedin ' week 
I got the PS2 I ordered today-I bought it cheap so I could play Sonic Gems Collection and thus play Sonic CD . That's what i've been doing all day . 
