is really bored . And is tired of being harassed to do crap on this site . I'm only here for friends who don't have an account on myspace . >:p You know who you are . Yeah , you . 
Just for anyone who bothers to listen ... the Friend FAQ thingy was sent to me , and I gave it a try . I was answering the little questions and it sent me to one of those sites that claims your computer is infected , and to download the antivirus software to 
I originally joined this site because most of my friends were on here . I would friend them , chat when I felt like it , and leave my Facebook activity at that . Then the suggestions to add friends , to join groups , and do other stuff from both my jerk friends and the site came along . My will has been broken . I'm just going to add everyone Facebook says I should be buds with , and become a fan of everything under the sun . 
The orientation confused me ... but it was fun . :) 
My family is finding me on facebook .... not even the internet is safe anymore .... :) 
I find these updates rather pointless , and yet even I come out of my cave and post . I think only one or two people even get my status updates anyway ... 
In the cast . I won't have a knee brace until at least tomorrow , so I can't move around very much . 
Gonna volunteer for Secret Santa tomorrow . Hope I can be of help even though I'm on crutches . :) 
Well , I'm out of my cast . Tomorrow I'm getting a hard sole shoe , and going to physical therapy . Not what you'd call fun , but I'll be able to walk . 
Ugh . I don't know if I should keep studying for English . D: Anyone who's taken the test , how hard is it ? 
Bacon club . When/Where is it ? Oh , and awesome free music here : http://www.sean-fournier.com/ohmy/ But seriously , I want to experience the microwaved bacon goodness . D: Please tell me . 
>:( Blah . 
Nothing better than a SAD party to make you feel less pathetic . :/ 
Ugh . I don't understand commands . :( Ms. Hill is trying to kill me . 
I just realized- why do I bother updating my status ? 
It's finally over ... I can finally move freely about my house ... ... Super Bowl sucks . 
OH GOD . I was told to Google blue waffle and I was actually retarded enough to do it . D: 
I'm debating about actually sticking a picture of my ugly mug up here . Thoughts ? 
" You can say I'm mad , you can say I'm crazy But I'm only as bad as the maker who made me : Needle for the user , the pain in your chest , Beggar & the chooser , the wicked man's rest . " I love Brit bands . Heck , I love Brits . :) 
Energizer Bunny arrested , charged with battery . 
PASSENGER . Anyone like them ? 
I took an IQ test and the results were negative . 
" What is your goal : Doing your mom . When do you want to accomplish it : around 10 tonight . How will you do it : A lot of wine and smooth talk . Mentor : Your dad . Possible Obstacles : Lack of penis . How to know when you've accomplished goal : She gives birth nine months from now . " 
Aaaaaaaaargh . I don't want to have a busy weekend . :( 
" Always up for a laugh , she's a pain in the arse . " Brits know true love . Why are bands from the U.K. so awesome ? Please tell me . 
Am I the only one who thinks it kinda creepy Mr. Patricks is friends with and practically FB stalks his current students ? 
You all laugh at me like I'm not happy with anything , any time , or anywhere . Half of me's all about apathy , and the other half just doesn't care . 
God , I'm tired of all of the bigots in this country . 
Daaaaaammmnnn yoouuu basic cable . I miss Discovery Health so much . Why you gotta move to 356 ? > : I 
Why am I still awake . =.= 
We talk about dead babies a lot in Norby . 
It took me halfway through my shower to realize my glasses were still on . I think I might be a bit tired . 
Haircut . o_o 
It's during this time in our lives , that our mistakes define our lives rather than ruin them . So , take a few chances . 
I found a single googly eye on my bed . I have no idea where or what it came from . 
Mosaic is apparently in an upcoming episode of Pawn Stars . :3 This pleases me greatly . 
My parents complain that I'm too lazy and addicted to technology . Then they call me to tell me dinner's ready less than 500 feet away . :| 
Go to your profile . The top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? 

Esmond Fung , Alex Koo , Gabriel Barahona , Karleen Clair , Horacio Cardoza . 
Hmmmm ..... 
I hate being in the wind , but I love the sound of it outside . 
Thinking about seeing how many digits of pi I can memorize ... hmmm . 
" Obviously , there is a certain amount of fun to be had with euphemisms , but it's all a bit old-hat . " 
Its national book week ! The rules are : Grab the closest book to you . Turn the page to 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the book . Post these rules as part of your status . 
I missed school due to Daylight Savings Time . :| Feeling an extra level of stupid . 
I'm going to miss naptim- I mean , driver's ed . 
I thought only smiles would do . Now I see I need the tears and frowns too . Slowly drenched in drizzle ; no rubber boots , no parasol . It's not a roller coaster without the rise and fall . 
I think rock and roll is really funny when it's serious . 
I have a new favorite band : Incubus . 
I've never had sex , smoked weed , got drunk , snuck out , or skipped class ! Copy and paste as your status , and whoever likes it , thinks you're lying . 
My aunt just added " hippie " to her list of languages . I remember why she's my favorite . 
So this is the end of the story . Everything we had , everything we did , is buried in dust . And this dust is all that's left of us . And only a few ever worried . 
It was like to stop consuming's to stop being human , and why'd I make a change if you won't ? 
I really hate chart notes , but I'm sure I'll love them once we start Cornell ... 
:( 
Boredom ...... brought to you by Kellog's Fruit Loops ! :/ What's wrong with me ? 
There are times when you just feel bad , and you try to cover it up . That is not the case right now . 
For Norby , it's pages 30-35 right ? 
Braaaaaaaaaaaaaiiinnsssssss ... 
My hands are covered in Sharpie , and I'm probably a little high from the fumes . A night well spent ? Oh yes . 
One ... more ... day ... 
Hooray . I have absolutely nothing to do . 
Do we need to have the next Wordskills tomorrow ? 
Who else put their homework off until just now ? :D 
Do not do want do homework . Fffff . 
Making a robe for a stuffed mole is a lot harder than it should be . 
I feel like a stalker watching Conan O'Brien Presents : Team Coco . 
BNL is awesome . 
Happy Easter to all who celebrate it . 
My hair is a respectably molestable height again . :) And as far as Norby goes , was there anything due tomorrow ? 
I've realized I judge whether buy things ( jewelry , doodads , etc ) by how quirky they are . Not sure that's a good thing ... 
" A purpose of human life , no matter who is controlling it , is to love whoever is around to be loved . " and " Listen : We are here on Earth to fart around . Don't let anyone tell you any different . " ( Kurt Vonnegut ) are my new favorite quotes . I love books . 
BOW DOWN TO THE HAIR . 
Hey , do we have a test or anything due in Spanish tomorrow ? If anyone that actually sees my status even has Hill ? 
found out she needs to make friends with the neighbor boy that dresses in a cloak and uses a sword in his front lawn . 
Blah . 
Head for the hills , the kitchen's on fire ! 
I hate having nothing to do , but not wanting to sleep when it's a school night . 
Thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday . :) I appreciate you , and am getting too lazy to post that individually . 
I just became a fan of strobe lights and epilepsy . Ahaha .... yeah , I feel bad now . 
Am I the only one who hasn't even touched their PSAT packet ? 
Happy day of gratitude . :) 
You ever have a friend you've known for so long that " hanging out " means " ignoring each other in the same building " ? 
Something I love about Irish radio stations : They don't play the same 15 songs in rotation . 
Happy birthday , Horacio Cardoza . Also , your hair looks funny . :D 
I don't have high hopes for tomorrow's History and Lit tests , but you know what ? I studied , and stress can be as detrimental as being unprepared . I'm going to hit the hay . 
Hobos are amazing . 
Poking people gets really competitive ... ( I'm talking to you , Sophie ... ) 
You know you want to stick your dollar in me one more time . ;) 
Just going to say this in advance : Thank God for naps . 
You get your PhD . How happy you will be when you get your job at Wendy's , and are honored with employee of the month . 
Blargh . :( 
Anyone else really hate the multi-genre project right now ? 
I'm going to stay up all night , and then sleep the daylight hours away . Why ? BECAUSE I CAN . 
A question for anyone with Spanish 2 : All of the work is due Friday , right ? 
I have a love-hate relationship with naps . I think I need help . 
Hello there , my dearest stalkers . How are you on this lovely evening ? 
" Let's forget who forget what forget where . " 
can never look at bubble wrap the same way ever again after seeing the Weird Al sex tape . Dx 
Sometimes , I wish I were an interesting person . 
TGIF . Seriously . 
I loved camping , but there's sand coating everything I brought . :/ 
PACKING BLOWS . D:< 
I'm really confused as to why a church would have an emergency defibrillator . Does too much Jesus cause cardiac arrest ? 
Michelle Chiu , meet Ismenia Miranda . My job here is done . 
Norby's religion quiz is on Friday , right ? 
Procrastination and I have a love-hate relationship . :| 
Best . Night . Ever . I won a camera and a netbook . :) Happy birthday to me . 
I'm sick . Yay . :/ 
A children's album by the Barenaked Ladies exists somewhere other than my dreams . I must own it . 
[ Random and possibly witty status ] . 
Anyone else think ( Inception spoiler- look away ) that he was still in a dream ? 
This weekend went by * way * too fast . :/ 
Boredom is a horrible thing . 
Rain rain here to stay , 
Stick around another day . :) 
I'm still not sure what format I want to do for the NHD project . Out of curiosity , who's doing what ? 
Oh dear . I should feel like a bad person for what I just did , but I'm laughing too hard . 
I need to learn to be more interesting . 
Sometimes I wonder how many small actions I have done that inadvertently made or ruined someone else's day . 
I spoke to a Romanian about his country's politics and then about communism . Currently , I'm talking to a Spaniard about the Cold War . Omegle is growing on me . 
Building furniture can either strengthen or ruin a friendship . 
Anyone worried about Oday's test ? Because the her little spiel was not encouraging . 
The light is finally gone from the sky ... yup , summer is here at last . 
I love a good Roast . :) 
" Someone please explain Pokemon to me . " " Charles Darwin meets cockfighting . " Thank you Johnny Wander . 
Rocky Horror Glee ... I approve the idea . 
When I'm old and gray , I'll look back on my life and say , " Give me one more day , and I'll still never do anything . " 
" I'm not really as stubborn as I seem , said the knuckle to the concrete . " 
Happy Mother's Day to those with children and lady parts . For the rest of you , make sure you thank tu madre for letting you leech off of her time , money , and love . 
Throw on some nylon pants and bust a Hammer dance ; I’m kicking moves to “You Can’t Touch This” . Tucked in my corduroys , I’ve got my Beastie Boys tape fighting for my right to party though I’m not invited . 
PUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDI(I am disappoint if you don't know what this is from . ) 
TGITAIASW ( Thank God it's Thursday and it's a short week ) 
I give up on studying . Anyone else ready to fail ? 
Hello , Mr. Sun . 
Why the fvck are we having Spirit Week's " formal Friday " on Monday ? That's just silly . 
Some of the best family bonding is done with a good discussion about serial killers . 
Ethan Nihipali , you are a traitor for going to Clark , but I was curious if you knew where Alec and Kenneth are going ? So far , I won't be seeing any old friends next year . :( 
While running out the door to get to the Springs Preserve , I noticed my dad's car was missing . When I told my mom , the first thing she said was , " Why steal a Hyundai ? " 
Anyone know clever gift ideas for someone's 18th birthday ? 
There was a day that Russia ran out of vodka . My mind has been blown . 
I almost made a few kids on the bus cry . Today was a good day . 
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge . :) 
>:) My magnets came today . Don't expect to see me for a week . 
I passed geometry ! Hell yeah ! :D 
Do something out of step ; throw a stranger an unexpected smile with big intention . 
Who needs sleep ? Well you're never gonna get it . Who needs sleep ? Tell me what's that for . :/ 
My cat is vibrating ... 
I just saw a real-life Smurf . 
Crrrrap . Blackboard isn't working . Anyone know what to study for Street Law ? 
Yes , I lie and I wrangle with prospective angels that glare me down and face me with all I do wrong . Why do they all look like me ? 
I don't understand why people have such an aversion to the ( not ) Ground Zero Mosque . It's their right as American citizens to build it on property they legally own . It's two blocks away , and it's horrible that we have such discrimination in this country because of religious extremists . ( Sorry for the rant , but I'm sick of those of you that assume I share your prejudice . I don't . ) 
Eh , I'm bored . GO GO GO : 
I'm going to be completely honest for the next24 hrs . Ask me anything but only ONE question ( only in my inbox ) . I dare you to post this and see what you get asked ! 
Everyone that's associated with Sadies : Stop advertising ; it's annoying . We get enough of that at school . 
Sometimes it's nice to just listen to the wind howling outside . 
I still haven't started my homework . :| 
I've realized my mother and I both cheer on our new fridge when it dispenses water and/or ice . 
Freaking B on the Oday test ... > : I 
Just a question : Are people up now because they're doing homework , or just goofing around ? 
Apparently , the pound key is called an octothorpe . Who knew ? 
I hate you , Electronic Arts . 
Do we need our NHD topic tomorrow ? I still have no idea what I'm doing ... 
I've missed you , dearest sleep . We shan't part this winter break , this I swear . 
So ... what are we supposed to do with the readability statistics in Norby ? 
Anyone else going to the college prep thingy ? 
Boredom is a horrible thing . It leads to shameless copypasta : 
Copy this to your STATUS and see what you get INBOXED 
-pink : Be my valentine this year 
-yellow : I used to like you 
-blue : I love you 
-black : I want to chill 
-purple : I like you 
-silver : you're sweet 
-white : you're funny 
-orange : you're cute 
-gray : I want your number 
Finally watching Hetalia World Series . ( Japan needs just just get with Greece already , jeeze . ) 
Gonna play D&D . Yay nerdiness . 
-ahem- HELLO . That is all . 
Hopelessly , I feel like there might be something that I'll miss . Hopelessly , I feel like the window closes oh so quick . Hopelessly , I'm taking a mental picture of you now . ' Cuz hopelessly , the hope is we have so much to feel good about . 
So ... what I miss today ? 
" With progress comes problems ; with wisdom comes age . With lessons come learning ; with pleasure comes pain . " 
is so partied out right now . 
Not going to write the Norby essay ... but I'm not sure which kind of pre-write to do . 
My father was obviously excited to buy a game when he offered to pay half and find a store with it in stock . This would be fine if it were COD or something , but no . It was Epic Mickey . 
I still believe you were born to take the lead . Come on let's save the world , let's save the world . Yeah , you and me , we've got our promises to keep . 
Wow , Stargate Project and remote viewing were pretty awesome . Gotta love government experiments ... 
F^CK THIS . -flips table and leaves- 
The hell is this ? You can like comments ? I don't know if I find this more amusing or stupid . 
People I have classes with : Let me know what I missed ? 
RIP Kenny Guinn . :/ 
I just noticed that in the Witch and the Wardrobe , most of the dwarves are Asian . 
Easily one of the awesomest days ever , and it's not even noon . 
I'm not sure if I like being high off of Vicks Vaporub . 
My new phone is so shiny . :) 
The Old Spice Man has officially made it on my awesome list . 
I looked up my birthday today . When I found I share my birthday with Hugh Hefner , my day was made . When I found out I also share it with Kristin Stewart , my day was ruined . 
" Yeah , it's partly my fault , what with all the Spongebob and Disney intermingled with Linkin Park . [ Pandora ] was bound to turn to substance abuse . " I love Kyra Hall . x ) 
Sometimes , I wish my life was interesting . 
It hasn't rained at my house . :( 
I just took the time to take pictures of the last 4 pages of the history chapter and print them out so I can finish the notes tomorrow . I wonder if I would have finished in that same amount of time . 
Why is it that the movies relating to teenage guys losing their virginity tend to be feel good and victorious , while movies about teen girls giving it up basically call the girl a $lut who ends up ashamed of her actions ? 
I just had to assist in creating a horribly ghetto shade cover . I am not proud . 
Time to party . :) 
Welcome back , Futurama . Welcome back . :) 
" The only thing I'm doing differently is dancing with Gay Tony . You oughtta see this guy move . He's like a finely tuned European sports car . He's very sensitive , and he just responds to the slightest touch . " 
Ah , Cleverbot . I convinced it that I'm Big Foot , and that we're married with eight kids . 
Haircut . Fffffff . 
Today is MLIA Status Day , and I wanted to participate . MLIA . 
Thunderstorms <3 
My brain hurts after three days of conference . Worth it ? Of course . 
Google " How to find Chuck Norris " and hit I'm Feeling Lucky . :) 
Hope everyone enjoys this pseudo-religious holiday . :) 
I never knew what it was like to have my hair molested until today . 
My parents took great joy in finding out when really embarrassed , I apparently turn pink everywhere . 
Morgan Freeman is the best person to host a show about quantum physics . Hands down . 
Somebody once asked could I spare some change for gas , I need to get myself away from this place . I said yep , what a concept . I could use a little fuel myself , and we could all use a little change . 
Stop , drop and troll . 
Looking forward to ( hopefully ) seeing the Shat tomorrow . :) 
So , who wants to tell me what I missed today ? 
My mom used to complain and call me pathetic for not having a large social life . Now that I'm starting to , she complains about how much she has to drive me around . :/ 
Still hasn't started the Norby essay , and really not wanting to have to write a full essay ... :/ 
Dislocated my knee again ... 
So ... what did I miss in History and Chemistry ( with Colledge) ? 
Gonna see Weird Al . :DDD 
Just learned her cat can climb ladders ... :| 
I never realized how much I hate chart notes until now . Such small writing space , so many notes ... 
I need someone to share a locker with this year . I plan to make mine into a stereotypical break room , complete with a working water cooler and motivational posters . 
So , what did I miss in Norby today ? Mainly , what was the homework ? 
Oh sleep , how I love thee . :) 
What's on your mind ? I'm really debating whether I want to stay up to finish my history notes or turn them in late tomorrow ... ugh . 
My Rhett & Link Shoes came . :) 
My hands are black from writing in chalk . Worth it ? Definitely . 
I have decided Daft Punk makes my " I would give my left nut to see in concert " list . 
What length did you put for your Last Word ? I'm debating whether to go past 500 words ... 
FINALY DONE . THANK GOD . 
To those that have been strongly hinting I should ask them to Sadies : There's a reason I haven't asked you . I'm not interested ; please leave me alone . 
Why is the class that's supposed to supplement what we learn in AP history the harder one ? 
There's nothing like being manhandled by the dentist . 
Postmortem photography is really ... interesting . 
I am so getting a hedgehog when I move out . They're AWESOME . 
Anyone else get the confirmation email for Quia ? 
My relative is getting his kidney transplant . :) 
I didn't have time to do my Norby essay until right now , and I refuse to do it . I can live without one assignment . I'm just ... done . 
Searching for some good alternative and techno music . Any suggestions ? 
Did we just need to read the few pages on the rig veda , or was there more ? 
It's always a pleasant feeling when your parents think your teacher is as nuts as you do . 
I'm so lost as far as the essay is concerned . I'm tempted to just BS it and finish my other homework . Any tips for making it sound like I know what I'm talking about ? 
Apparently , the Celtic Pagan creation story has been lost due to the Christian overtaking all those years ago . :/ What now ? 
Ffff . I'll study for chem during the day . Night FB . 
Chocolate covered coffee beans <3 . 
For homecoming , I think I'm pitching for Who Cares and Not Me . :| 
What file format are we supposed to save the pecha kucha audio track as ? 
There are few things that can bring a nation together . From liberals to conservatives . From the young to the old . It seems national disasters is one of those things . So , let’s come together as a country as we remember the events that occurred on this day nine years ago . 
' Cause I wanna belong and I need to get strong and if memory serves I'm addicted to words and they're useless . 
" I'm a hungry hungry hypocrite . " It is my goal to use this in casual conversation now . 
Any College people nice enough to " assist " me with the book work ? 
Night of Too Many Stars is so awesome . 
I just ate a Hershey Kiss that tasted like soap . I'm really confused . 
Contessa Porten : " * gasp * You have dimples ! " 
" You just noticed ?! " 
" I'm sorry , but I don't look at things like that . " 
" ... things like my face ? " 
... would it be bad that I want to join an organized religion just for more scholarship opportunities ? 
" He means us who is we , not him . " 
just realized the book she is reading shouldn't be in the United States . 
Beiber won artist of the year . I have lost my faith in America . 
Quia crashed on me when I tried to take the quiz . >:| Now I have to go take it on Monday . 
Wearing purple tomorrow ? 
If it weren't for facebook , I would feel a lot worse about doing homework this late . Thanks to it , I know I'm not alone . :) 
Are Word Skills due today or tomorrow ? 
I should start Wordskills . 
... if I push myself , that means I'll actually get to it in an hour . 
So ... no Norby homework , yes ? 
According to my psychology textbook , " Apparently , the ruder men are to one another , the closer the relationship . Females don't usually express affection in this fashion . " I laughed . 
It's my goal to be at least half as awesome as Mr. Eason at his age . x ) 
Houseboat party , yeeeeah ! 
So many helicopters overhead ... I wonder if they've finally found me . 
I love it when Google practically does my homework for me . 
So let go ; just get in . Oh , it's so amazing here . It's alright ' cause there's beauty in the breakdown . 
Got to help rescue a dog today . :) 
I'm kinda not sure what to do for the Aeneid essay ... o_e 
I've made my decision . The Focus shall be my new child . 
I would say I hate a love-hate relationship with Hist/Lit , but I think I'm just generally discontent at this point . Am I the only one ? 
I love how my father tells me to save up for things I would like to have , and then refuses to let me buy said items for reasons he refuses to discuss . 
Why didn't I choose a better NHD topic . Ugh . 
Those that find it sad more people go to a BGM than a dance have obviously never attended one . 
Merry Christmas ~ ! 
Who's getting a class ring ? 
First Friday with Alyse Williams , Contessa Porten , and Daniel was amazing . x ) 
I'm so tired of my parents treating me like I'm a waste of space . Last I checked , I go to school , get pretty good grades , don't smoke , drink , or do drugs . And they want to bi+ch me out for taking a nap ? Bullshi+ . 
Yay all-nighters . 
There's going to be another Pirates of the Caribbean . 
... WHY ? 
It might be boring , so boring ; it might put you to sleep . The same old routine repeats week after week . And you work harder , work harder ' cuz you’re told that you must , and you must earn a living , and you must earn a crust like everybody else . Just be like everybody else . Be like everybody else . 
It would be interesting to get everyone who used to go to Hyde Park together ... if only . 
I can't decide whether to sleep now and screw Norby's homework , or try to BS it while barely awake . :/ 
You know your bus is awesome when you have ridiculous conversations that the bus driver not only tolerates but actively participates in . 
I blame Naomi Martyr and Tiffany Rose for the lack of nail polish remover in my house . > : I 
But I cried the whole time- doesn't matter had sex . 
I think she was a racist- doesn't matter had sex . 
She put a bag on my head- still counts . x ) 
Why do I have so much music no one else has heard about ? >:| Peeps need to listen to more than the fifteen songs played on the radio . 
This evening would be perfect with some hot chocolate . 
I AM A HORRIBLE PERSON . 
Half of my law class has extensive knowledge about torture and execution methods . I don't know if I'm worried or excited . 
Why can't theists and atheists get along ? No one knows who's right , so shut up and let people come to their own conclusions . Ugh . 
I hate exams . WHY DO WE HAVE TO HAVE THEM . 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF 
I'm having a hard time justifying the space I take up . I feel pretty worthless . Thanks for the pep talk Dad . It did wonders . :/ 
Minecraft : Yay or nay ? 
Sadies looks kinda gay ; I'm not sure I'll go . :/ 
Dude . A computer is a contestant on Jeopardy . AWESOME . 
" Step By Step , these are Family Matters and why Boy Meets World , I´ll never ever know Who´s the Boss here ? Its a Fresh Prince . We got a Full House , let's get the show on the road . " TGIF by The Secret Handshake 
