Greem Hornet is awesome , I reccomend that movie , plus Kado is cute haha 
I love Killswitch Engage :) And the Devil Wears Prada 
Well Then ... had a crazy day ! :P fought with tara then she acted like it never happened , got a welt from my allergy shot found out ALOT about people that I didn't want to know about 
WHEW ! It's Hot ! D: , I could use some juice at the moment 
couldn't sleep lol 
I feel like eating I felt like that all day ... o.O 
Fall Break ALL next week !!!! YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH !!!!!! 
I think I'm sick :( , and then I have my birthday during school in two week : l 
I'm freaked out ! haha now i'm a little paranoid right now O.o 
I have school next week :( 
" ... And I didn't think I'd catch fire when I held my hand to the flame 
And I didn't think it would catch up as fast as I could have run 
Fate came a knocking when I was looking the other way 
A new disease came in the post for me today ... " 
-Talons by Bloc Party :) 
Don't some people just make you mad ?... 
can't sleep haha my brains used to getting up early 
Ugh woke up later than i expected but im still tired haha 
Just made cookies :) 
I'm double tasking :) lol 
The Expendable Is BOMB !!!!!!!!! 
pposed To be going to the state Fair wif Madi ! CANT WAIT !! :D 
haha i just remembered when me tara sidney and dad were watching Pineapple Express on TV and in stead of the bad work they said " Kill this mukka mukka " 
* scream * - " What ? " - " I think maybe we need to get a new friend ... " -*gets surprised as your friend drags you to some guy*- " Hi ... " -*friend drags you away from him*- " What was that ? " - " He's ugly up close ... " lol 
^.^ I <3 Kisame ! XP 
Aaaaaaah ! What a day .. O.o 
Just got wooke up from my nap : l thanks Tara 
Hah , Gotta love the friends who make you laugh like a freak and then your voice is wierd 
I found my Ipod today :D I'm so happy !!! Thank u Kristina !!!! 
Tryin to stay awake lol 
Can't Wait for LaShizzle to come home with us , haha 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TARA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
I'm Bored , Excited for this weekend , tired of world history , too many greek people 
I think I'm not goin to homecoming , I might go if Devon asks me enough , but It's pointless to go without a homecoming date 
Which Office Character Are You ? -- My Result : Jim . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/35451/referrals/status?aid=100001415255183 
Hello ! 
Soooooo bored lol 
What would be your speciality in a zombie apocalypse ? -- My Result : Support Specialist . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/384373/referrals/status?aid=100001415255183 
Can't Wait For Bobby's Birfday !!! :D 
I think that's gonna be a cool band , Three half black and white people and a hispanic guy that's so cool lol :) 
gOT MY PHONE ACTIVATED !!!! :D 
:) I wanna be in a band any Buddies wanna join me ? 
Mom Said SHe's gonna Activate my phone soon :) I can't wait for the party today !!! :D 
Just Ate :) 
:o Grandpa is watching the Benchwarmers llooll 
Cowboys lost ... That game was a disgrace , lol but I like the Saints too so it's alright :) 
In love but its a secret with who :) 
I miss Everybody :( 
UUUngh My feet a butt hurt and I have a headache Did good on my math test though :] 
the guy i like doesn't like me back ! :( 
likes Red vs . Blue hhahaha 
Machete Is Very Awsome ! 
School Tomarrow ... Ehhhhh ...... : L 
Sometimes I wonder what will happen to me on my deathbed ... 
" Caboose , Get outta the tank . " 
" Why ? " 
" Get outta the tank now . " 
* BOOOOOOOOOOM * 
" SHIELA !! NOOO ! " 
Listening to Disturbed :) Best band in the world !!! 
Just had Pancakes and Hasbrowns :) . I love my sisters <3 
School was so boring ! I hope it's not so boring toay :( 
Going to Petsmart with mom i dont really wanna go but she wants us to go with her so why not ? 
Resident Evil Afterlife Was BOMB !! Me and Sid thought Wesker was cute :) 
I need something Entirely amazing to happen soon , or I don't know If I'll be normal anymore ... 
At my dad's apartment .... Nightey night 
Today was pretty wierd 
well , Today's been boring . safe to say it's rained but thats all that happened . 
Whew ! Just cleaned 
BAH !!! today was stupid !!! who has school on presidents day ?! 
Thony Drew the cutest little picture of me XD , I love her , and chelsea , my little buddies , they make me feel like a big sister , If anyone was hurting them , I'd gladly take care of it . :) I love you guys !! 
Someone stole my iPod D:< 
Bah ! Today was stupid , Ima make sure I pass AIMS next week . 
Had a really nice sandwhich , and had a fun time 
Hi , my name is halle ... and i don't know how to log off my account on my sisters laptop . 

p.s. hi halle hehe <3 
^.^ i have no school tomorrow :D 
I'm Jamming out to Underminded , Killswitch Engage and Drop Dead Gorgeous :D 
Ehhh I need to finish all my art , but i don't feel like drawing . I'll be So happy if I get sponsored when i post my art up on the internet ^.^ 
Tara ... You're not home anymore ... 
Loves Ceba Hut Five-O Sandwich !!!! :) 
I hate those days where you don't feel good and good things happen , talk about Karma ! 
Bah , had a stupid day 
battle LA was a really good movie !! 
Watching naruto ^.^ 
Playing Guitar Hero XP 
Can't Wait for tomorrow ^.^ 
I cannot stand Sonic Youth ! 
Homecoming was boring !! But I had a little bit of fun . Tara's being wierd with her random football loving and her random rock music .. ugh crazy sisters ... 
* sigh * Sometimes I wish we only took school based on what you want to be in the future ... : l 
I drew the coolest picture of Zetsu ^.^ 
I am bored . haha and tired .. Stupid school ... 
Due Date is a really good movie :) , It's really funny 
Ehhh , I ate too much burrito :( 
Sidney Woke me up and I can't sleep : l 
Made A Deviant Art profile :) 
I'm probably gonna delete anyone i don't know , there's no point in having them on facebook if you don't remember going to class or hanging out with them ... 
I can't find ANY decent guy at Wickenburg ! NONE They're all jerks , Liars and Cheaters !!! Ugh ! 
I like japanese :) , it's the coolestest language ever . haha , Sairento Watasu Akuma 
Man , I had fun today , lol , Chelsea's present made me cry :( it was so sweet 
Xp , gotta make seven hundred cookies and I'm not eating even one :( Valentines day is a curse , lol 
Tara : " Buddhism ! " Me : " WOW ! BUDDHISM ! " Tara and Me : " BUDDHISM !! " 
Went to the Chinese cultural center yesterday for the festival , It was like walking into heaven for me an =d Sidney , too bad TARA wasn't there , Dad got us some paintings too :) 
I don't feel good ... Ethan's Birthday is tomorrow :) Wish I could've met him . He's going to be in my head all day tomorrow :) I wonder what it's like where he is 
... Tara's Being Mean ... AGAIN ... 
Why is it bad to feel like you don't want it to be a new year ? just think of all the stuff to deal with agan ... 
I wanna read Dante's Inferno , But i don't know where to look other than google lol 
have officially disowned farmville ! No more stuff for me please 
I can't wait to eat dinner , lol , Dad's making chillie or something , Happy new years 
I think it's so cute how everybody changed their pictures to cartoons for little children :) ahhh , I love all you kind people <3 
Just Got to my Dad's . I had some Crepes :) , Yummy , Can't wait to see Johnny Knoxville movie ( that's what Tara calls it ) 
Sometimes , I fell like an emo kid . that is not good :( 
I hate allergy shots : l and I hate when Tara drives with the windows open when I have no jacket 
That rain last night was sos LOUD , I couldn't even sleep ! 
I am in a very bad mood 9_9 
I'm hungry , lol 
:D I love everybody ! They make me feel so special by saying happy birthday ! Thank you !! :) <3 
Can't wait for tomorrow :) 
Tron was and amazing movie :p i wanna watch it again , the girl is so pretty too <3 lol 
* sigh * , I wish I didn't live here , I wanna live in Japan or Korea , or China , just somewhere where you can see a bunch of beautiful plants and awesome culture , not the boring desert ... Get me outta here !!!! 
I'm so mad now ... > : l 
Just made tons of little cookies !! ^.^ 
:( I feel really sick 
" There's always a relationship where you don't know what went wrong , and where you stopped being important , but when do we go through a relationship like that is unquestionaable . " 
-Inspiring quote of the day 
Ugh .. i need a break from school thats longer than a weekend 
I really wanna cut my hair , Any Ideas ??? 
X ) Death Note changed my view of apples . haha 
I feel like going back to sleep : l I'm tireed 
Wah , wah , wah .. X ( Had An EXTREMELY stupid day 
Oh man , Thony has me hooked on anime lol now I'll never be normal * sighs * 
^.^ 
