is wishing that she could stop feeling like shit . she doesn't know why and she doesn't want to really know . 
i still feel like shit , but at least i had fun yesterday . i went to my boyfriend's house , then i took my sister out for the day so that we can spend some time and so that she doesnt feel so left out .. went to mcdonalds and ate lunch , then we went to border 
Chris is gone for the week and i already miss him ! I got to see him for a half hour last night because he would be leaving early todayand I wouldn't get to see him for two weeks if Michael(Michelle ) wouldn't let me go over last night . 
wants to know why her boyfriend is not talking to her ... 
is feeling like everything can go to hell and it won't hurt her . she just wants to be held again . 
if there is such a thing called ' Fate ' , then what is the opposite ? Could it be that we are not governed by ' Fate ' but by another entity ? Such things confuse Mankind , causing turmoil and unease , as well as doubt . 
i get to go to my aunt's house for part of this weekend , i get out of school tomorrow , i might be able to stay the night at a friend's house , and hopefully try to enjoy this summer break ... 
Is needing some therepy for anger ... 
say it if it's worth saving me 
Why must things cause so much pain ? 
* sighs * I just want to go home ... sorta . There's a lot of drama that I don't miss , but you can't have your icing if you want the cake ... ( or something like that .... ) 
If I was insane , would I still have visions and life-like dreams ? I would really like to know ... 
Today I get to hang out with friends and Chris !! Yay ! Christopher Denny 
What to say ?! i'm going to be gone until friday , then i have a party on saturday ... Chris cant come which makes me sad , but i guess that i will be okay ... i guess 
Happy as a Lucky Charms ' Pot of Gold'!! 
I want to freaking blow a damn bastard from Hell and back for the next fifty years 
I get to see my baby in the morning !!! 
I chimed in with a " Haven't you people ever heard of closing the goddamned door ? " 
I hate my first day ... sitting in third period , listening to my instructor talk and talk is not what I had in mind ... 
I hated today , I wish I could redo it and forget that what happened ever did happen . My life is so fucked up . 
Just want to crash everything and fall asleep . Today sucks . All is needed to say . RIP , Rudy . 
Facebook is overpopulated ; Facebook is becoming slow . the reason is that theres too many members ( active/ nonactive ) We will be sending this message around to see if members are active or not . If you are active please send to at least 15 other users using Copy+ Paste to show that you are still active . * Those who do not send this message within 2 weeks will be deleted without hesitation to create more space . * 
I went hiking today with my dad and his girlfriend , them went to bend and back for the hell of it , then we went to her place and ate dinner while i did some homeowrk before dad started watching some comedian and i joined . after we watched that and ice age three , i was hurting from laughing so hard . nothing much left to say ... today was good . 
I'm just waiting for break to happen already . School is getting harder and I'm afraid of messing up everything . Break is when I could relax , I hope . 
95% of teens would cry if they saw EDWARD CULLEN standing on a skyscraper ready to jump . if you're part of the other 5% that would be sitting in the crowd eating popcorn and yelling , " DO A FLIP " copy and paste this in your status 
I has a new haircut !!! Ahahahahaha !!! 
I'm going to be so pissed if things start to crumble around me . Why does my past keep haunting me when I already made peace with it and put it behind me ? 
I'm diong okay right now . Still waiting for an answer from her . 
Happy Birthday , Quinna !! 
It's cold in my house !! Of course , I'm in a tank top and pj's ... but so what ? Even if I was cacooned in the hottest blankets it would be like Antarctica still !! 
Gah , things have certainly been different , I swear . * grumbles about fate and the cosmos interfering with her life * 
me against the world . 
I am scarred for the rest of my life . 
Let the bodies hit the floor !! 
Ah , just missing my friends and family . I hope it was the weekend again ... that would be nice . Very nice indeed . 
I want to go to bed byt I have homeowrk to do . I'm tired and a bit cranky . * sighs * I wish today was friday already , the suspension is kiling me ! 
One : nothing wrong with me , Two : nothing wrong with me , T : hree nothing wrong with me , Four nothing wrong with me . One : something's got to give , Two : something's got to give , Three : something's got to give ! 
is disgusted by the amounts of money that is spent in publicizing porn . It's just not right . I guess that's why there's free porn . I understand hormones and temtation , but to spend money on shit like that is just not right . 
Okay , I'm trying to figure out if I can fhandle going to college part time online or if I should just not do it until most of my high school carrer is done ... Grrr ... I can do it online , which is what I'm thinking ... 
Intrusive- When you walk into your parents ' bedroom only to find them having sex Inclusive- When they invite you to join them . 
Feels like hell has officially frozen over in her life . Is there a match big enough for this Ice Age in Hell ? 
I hate today . Why did it have to happen ? Oh wait , it had to happen so that tomorrow can . Never mind . 
Ugh , things are getting difficult . Crap , Patience is going to be a little hard , and understanding even more , but I can do this ... hopefully . 
is disgusted by the secret I know about a family member . 
I'm lost when you're not around ... in a perfect world . 
I'm bored . Doing Geometry homework but it's all proofs . Gah , I hate geometry sometimes ... 
Sighs 
Is glad things are going fine , but is still having a hard time coping . It'll take time . 
I hate today . Why does it need to be this stupid ? I am sick and I don't want to deal with little crap like homework and after school things . Why oh why did I have to get sick ? 
Is having fun talking to a new friend . 
He was on and he didn't try to contact me ?! Goddamnit ! And I don't care if I said that because it's been too fucking long since I could talk to him !! I'm fucking sick with a cold and a touch of bronchitis and he doesn't try to see how I am ?! I send him an IM and he doesn't try to send me an email or anything ? Not even a fucking call ?! I feel the goddamned love around here ! Damnit , CALL ME ! 
Can't wait to stay the night at my aunt's house this weekend . In a few weeks though , that is where things get crazy . XD 
The worst has happned to me . It's a never ending cycle for me . I should get used to it by now . 
I wish it was easier to level up on IN like it is on CA ... IN- Immortal Night , CA- Castle Age ... 
I'm talking to my friend and his brother is wanting us to get together . It's funny , but we aren't looking for anyone to date right now . But who knows ? 
I want to fucking scream . Why does he dodge all my damned questions ?! 
Gah , I really want to be done with my homework already . 
I am soo tired but at the same time energetic for the weekend to start !! 
My back hurts like hell cuz I haven't moved for the whole day . Six hours , people ! 
Listening to Rob Zombie's Living Dead Girl and other songs on random . 
Its cold . 
Monday , Tuesday , yesterday , and already today feels like the longest week of my life . 
I'm in Sherwood ! 
Why must we complicate things ? Surely it isn't hard to accept one way , understand another , and be done with the whole thing . Why must we , as human beings , be so stubborn ? Is it because we don't want to hear others ' opinions ? Or just because we don't care ? 
Semper Fidelis is Latin for " Always Faithful " 
The Marines motto . 
I'm going home , eat , take a nap , and then do work . 
Why won't these itches go away ?! 
The world is a vampire , a secret destroyer . 
I'm bored . 
We hit a tree ! Oh my God ! The crazy bus driver ! Everyone , MOVE ! 
Listening to Zombie by the cranberries . Awesome song , if you don't know it , look it up on youtube and listen today . Do something different today . 
' Didn't I say the world was cruel , didn't I ? ' 
' You did , you did . ' 

Whoever can tell me where this quote came from correctly will get 15 brownie points . And Brandon Micheal Skyles , I know you know 
Here you are , down on your knees again . Trying to find air to breathe . 
Why do you have to go and make things so complicated ? I see the way you're acting like you're somebody , gets me frustrated . 
I'm going to EAT !! I'm hungry . Chow ! 
I'm a freak !! As complimented by Marcus Salazar 
If you suddenly bump me out of your life , expect me to be pissed . Unless I haven't seen you for a year , aka my friends at Sherwood , then give me a reason . If I see you everyday and you do thta , at least be curtious . 
I chimed in with a " Haven't you people ever heard of closing the godd*mned door ? No ? It's much better to face these kinds of things with a sense of poise and rationality . " 
If you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) I'd marry you . ( 3 ) I want to date you . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) I miss you . ( 6 ) I'd kiss you . ( 7 ) Beautiful . ( 8 ) Smart . ( 9 ) Imaginative . ( 10 ) Random . ( 11 ) Hot . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Fit . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Tough . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus . ( 18 ) I love you . ( 19 ) Weirdo ( 20 ) Friends forever . 
Okay , guys , pray that I can make it out to Sherwood on the 17th this month . And NO ONE tell Halie . I mean it . I want to shock her . Please . 
Went to the doctor's today . she told me that I had a whiplash and that I might have a concussion and that it'll take a while for my brain to heal from the bruise . As she put it in much nicer words , I'm going to be temporarilly stupid . Told my mother that and she laughed for five minutes straight . 
I was just now told I looked like a vampyre by a kindergartener . I thought it was cute and amazing . I took it as a compliment . :) 
Sleepy . Very sleepy . Took my medicine , probably wasn't the smartest thing in the world and I can even type right now . * Yawn * Can I go to sleep ? 
Oh , and I think I may be allergic to light . 
Fml , Fts , I don't have enough f-ing credits to f-ing graduate . Tuhs doesn't take homeschooling credits because they aren't accredited by the schooling system in the Nw . Bs . this is B-f*ing-s . 
" Go to your profile . The first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? " I'm in an okay shape . I've got Jj Sayers , Jonny Roberts , Nathan Zbinden , Alexandria Lyn Patanao Alberto , and Elizabeth Himebaugh . I should be fine . I'll live as long as Nathan , Jonny , and Jj are still alive . Mrrow . 
I can't stand people who love to cause drama . I mean , really ? They know how I " m talking about and I need to say this- GROW UP and STOP ACTING LIKE YOU'RE TWO ! We get it , you like drama , but don't drag anyone else into it . 
Bored , don't want to do homework , so I'm practicing my procrastination skills . But I'll do more of it soon , I just really don't want to . 
Stupid , maipulating , freaking inconsiderate , backstabbing , lying IDIOTS ! Gah ! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or years ) apart . They love you ... for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are ? 
Just listened to Eye of the Tiger . Yeah !! It reminded me of Dean Winchester . XD 
Night ya'll 
Morning , everyone . Today's going to be blah with a hot steaming side of rawr . Your choice of drink today is either bored to death or extreme frustration . 
likes this new thing Facebook came up with ; when you comment on something , just hit enter and it sends automatically . 
I will leave in about an hour to head to Sherwood . I get to see James Burklund , Talon C Hiibschman , Halie Pfefferkorn , Lauren Maki , David Barrow ( Maybe ) , and others !! YAY !! 
I miss watching PokeMon . There's a Pikachu movie playing on tv right now and it makes me miss the originals . :( 
I have the perfect haircut and the perfect colors , now I'm just waiting for it to happen Monday . ^_^ 
I'm watching Naruto from the very beginning and it's funny !! Already , there was a slight slash scene . If you don't know what that is , don't worry about it . XD 
Up , awake , and watching Naruto , Avery , and learning more Japanese 
I wish I had the Sharingan gene . That would be awesome ! 
Going to shower . Yay !! And then homework . * Sigh * It must be done . 
Watashi wa nemuku wa naiga , watashi wa yoru no ofu ni shutoku suru hitsuy ? ga arimasu . Kore wa nihongodesu . Ai no subete to oyasumi made . 
I am not sleepy , but I must get off for the night . and this is Japanese . Love to all and good night . 
You know what sucks ? Keeping a secret that is destroying you from the inside out . 
i don't have text right now , so when I do , I'll send one to those who still want to text me . Just comment below and if I don't have your number send me a message and I'll store it in my phone . Thanks guys . :) 
Okay , I no longer have a susppended phone account . 
Dad's home for a month , he's going to be there for my 18th birthday , and this is the longest I've get to see him since March of last year , not to mention Outdoor School , so why do I feel like I'm missing something ? 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down all congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? REPOST if you support troops 
Wow . Just saw a private showing of Soul Surfer and it is POWERFUL . 
I have a pimple on the inside of my nose !!!! 
Happy anniversary , US Marines ! 
Okay , what to do now ... 
Today was so much better ! 
I just want to go back to sleep . I'm tired . 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter As long as I'm laughing with you I'm thinkin ' that all that still matters is love ever after After the life we've been through ' Cause I know there's no life after you -Life After You , Chris Daughtry 
If life gives you lemons , what do you do ? 
Why does it feel like yesterday and today I had to walk on eggshells all day ? 
It would be nice out if it wasn't raining . Or if it was raining hard enough I could go out in my backyard and in my bathing suit ... that would be fun ... 
I'm fucking done . I don't need this type of shit in my life . If people don't grow up and stop controlling other things because of something that has happened to them then someone please help them . 
I don't have wings 
So flyin with me won't be easy 
Cause I'm not an angel 
I'm not an angel 
“There are four questions of value in life ... What is sacred ? Of what is the spirit made ? What is worth living for , and what is worth dying for ? The answer to each is the same . Only love . ” Johnny Depp , 1995 
Nothing like having a fear of having something taken from you before you got the chance to see what it would be like if it was there for a while longer . I remember a quote from a movie ; " There are some friends who can't be replaced ... but luckilly some don't have to be . " Said by Murtagh in Eragon . 
My head hurts , I'm sick of fighting for what seems like my life , and I just want to hide for a while until the sun shines again . 
I'm stuck going back to school . Gah ! I missed my bus this morning so I got a ride from my mom , we went to Carl's and got breakfast and got to school on time still ! That was weird ... 
Well , today is done and over with . A new adventure starts and a new chapter starts in my sister's life . Hope I can show her better and not let her make the same stupid mistakes I did freshman year . 
I'm home and happy to be back . already busy with hanging out again but will make time for family later on today . 
Why do people act like they own other people ? People who have a strong heart and a good mind are being subdues by those who want to control others , why do we let this happen ? 
Wishes everything would just stop fucking with my life . 
What way is up ? Which is down ? 
What was your favorite holiday and why ? 
I friend will stop you from everreacting , but a best friend will walk beside and giggle " Saying someone's going to get it . " 
It's in your eyes , what's on your mind . I see the truth that you've buried inside . It's in your eyes , what's on your mind . There's no mercy , just anger I find . 
Here is a verse . John 11:35 ' Jesus wept . ' 
First time naughty and second time nice !! 
Never left my head from the first time I heard my sister's boyfriend sing ... Grrr , Mikey . 
Listening to the best music ever right now . http://chatter.com/a/9q3dp?ref=nf 
I miss my friends from Sherwood ! 
Wants to join the National Guaard and might be able to do that if she can get her GPA up and can get the scholarship offered . She'd be able to serve for four years in collage and then four years out . 
I am officially UNGROUNDED !!!!! 
I fucking hate today right now . 
Okay , so I feel down in the middle of the road yesterday and landed on my * ss . So now it hurts and has been since yesterday . I guess that's what you get for trying to pick up speed when you can't yet .... grrr 
watashi wa , kurisu wo kirai 
If everyone cared and nobody cried If everyone loved and nobody lied If everyone shared and swallowed their pride Then we'd see the day when nobody died -Nickelback 
Is getting pissed off at Word because it keeps shutting down on me when I need it up for a history project . It recovered when it first happened now I have to go back to the damned beginning . It looks like I won't be going to bed this morning . ( not that I was going to anyways . 
I can't pass this test . I took it six or seven times and I just can't get at least eight of them right . I'm frustrated and discouraged . 
Great , we have had two flat tires today . the day that I left we had no coolant , then we had troubles in California , and now we have troubles in Colorado . hopefully nothing else will go wrong on this trip . going to Tennessee 
Going to my aunt's house today !! Yay !! Won't be back until tomorrow to see my dad but things * hopefully * are finally going to settle down . Just talk to people and they will listen , even if it's the last person you thought who would listen . 
Tired and want to go to sleep ... 
If things were to change , would they be for the better or for the worse ? 
Listening to a Rob Zombie song that I haven't heard in like ... FOREVER !! 
I need to talk to someone from Sherwood !! I need some numbers !! Plz ? 
Pain is weakness leaving the body . Yeah , but why does it hurt so much ? 
Hehe , thinking of all the trouble I can cause ... 
So many things to do and not enough time . So many people to see and so many things to act out ... Oh what to do ?! 
My head hurts and I just want to go and hang out tomorrow with people I haven't seen since ninth grade . No offfense meant to those who I see everyday , but I miss everyone ! 
I am soooo not happy . My essay is on a USB drive and now I can't find the flipping thing ! 
I just want the school day to end already ! And it's not even after first period ! 
Is it possible to feel utterly empty but be filled somehow at the same time ? 
Is tired and wants to go to sleep . School is almost done but it doesn't feel like it . 
I’m not afraid to take a stand 
Everybody come take my hand 
We’ll walk this road together , through the storm 
Whatever weather , cold or warm 
Just let you know that , you’re not alone 
Hola if you feel that you’ve been down the same road 
Not Afraid by Eminem 
I hate fucking liars who say that they had something really bad happen to them when they don't even grasp what it feels like to have it done to them . 
My feet hurt ! I rollerbladed my ass down to get to the Tualatin public library and I have to go back in about 45 minutes !! 
My stomach hurts , my head spins , I also own a headache that won't go away even after taking two migraine pills , I feel like some people hates me and I don't know why , my neck hurts , the list goes on and on . Oh , and my dad is currently on the road for the next six weeks and I don't want to have to bawl again for the next two hours when I get home . Can anything else be just peachy perfect today ? Yes , yes it can . 
I just had a great day and I have to stay home tomorrow . http://chatter.com/a/5ym1z?ref=nf 
Oh jeez , another year , 365 days , 52 weeks , and however many minutes and seconds ... dear God ... I don't want to think about all the things that might happen this year ... :) 
It's cold , I'm tired , I have a headache , I'm talking to my cousin , I want to eat and sleep . And maybe talk some more to whoever wants to ... when I get home and take a small nap . 
I saw all-okay , most- of my friends from Sherwood and had a great time . I forgot how tightly everyone was connected to everyone else in our group ! Ugh I missed them ! Spent about and hour there hanging out and chatting . I love my friends !!!!! 
Oh my God , yesterday was weird and messed up and fun ! Can we do that again ?! Lol 
If I could describe today in two words it would be ' Pain ' and ' Fun ' . 
I'm awake but not , I'm tired of dealing with people for the day and why am I still up ? Oh , right . Homework . Why am I tired of dealing with people today ? Multiple reasons . Can I deal with it ? Must I ? When does this day end for me ? When I'm done complaining . Which is in a few hours maybe . 
Yesterday was fun . The weekend was great . The week before that sucked . So much moderation . It's going to wear anyone down . Can I go back to bed now ? 
It has been a very weird day ... 
Sometimes , people and things aren't what they seem to be . 
I'm at war with the world cause I Ain't never gonna sell my soul I've already made up my mind No matter what I can't be bought or sold When my faith is getting weak And I feel like giving in You breathe into me again 
My butt hurts . 
Is tired of life . I'm tired of always being blamed when I'm not the 
only guilty party . I am tired of being treated like everything was my 
fault because I'm the oldest . And I'm speaking aabout yesterday 
I'm at work and having fun :) Of course , it won't last . I'll be moving to Bridgeport in two weeks :( 
Today seems to be off to a really ... boring start ... 
I think it's stupid that your status must be no longer than 420 words . What I was trying to post were lyrics to a song that is currently stuck in my head and has been for the past two days . It's called My heart , Your Hands by Dommin 
Yesterday was awesome ! 
Okay , there are just some really stupid idiots out there in this world . One example is last night , a few frinds and I were talking on a photo taken by Wittren and soon it turns out into this thing where we're making threats . another example- type up boob into your search bar and you'll get five things all dedicated to a female chest . SERIOUSLY ! 
Go ahead 
Put a target on my forehead 
You can fire 
But you’ve got no bullet 
I was yours 
I’m not yours anymore 
You don’t own me 
I have decided to make my life as simple as possible . And this is how I'm going to do it : 
1 . ) Do CE2 homework before anything else for two hours a day . 
2 . ) Eat 
3 . ) Sleep 
4 . ) Talk with my baby 
5 . ) Stay with dad when he's here . 
Sounds easy enough . 
Going to take my little sisters out to go trick or treating . This should be fun . 
Dear Goddess , tonight is .... well , ya know , great . Chillin with @Ashley Cottrell awesome night !! 
I get my phone back tonight ! Yay ! I was really pissed and tired last night and told mom that I was still talking to Chris after 9pm . Still pissed and hopefully , I'm still pissed over nothing anymore . Well , yeah . If that's true , then I'll just be very upset and angry . If not , dear God I hope I don't see her at all . ( Not that I've met her ) 
Is tired of life . I'm tired of always being blamed when I'm not the only guily party . I am tired of being treated like everything was my fault because I'm the oldest . 
Is tired of all the high school drama . Thankfully it's almost the end of the school year but has a feeling that it's going to be much worse next year ... * painful sigh * 
I love my family . 
Is tired and wanting to go to bed ... but doesn't want to be alone either . 
Why do I have a bad feeling in my gut ? 
It's like someone is taking a knife that's too dull and constantly stabbing me in two spots . 
I don't like it on the table . 
Stupid freaking computer sites and stupid freaking computers . I'm not on the damned computer anymore so txt me if you want . I don't care . I'm just moody . 
I'm going to say two things , and one of them is a little more important than the other ... One , I no longer have a cell for a while . When I do , I will text those whose numbers I've got . and the other thing is , I'M WRITING A FREAKING BOOK !! So if I don't get on for a while or if I am on and then I get off after ten minutes , it's probably because of my book . But yeah ! Sooo , off I GO !!! 
You know what I noticed ? I have two ( older ) guy friends and they're flirting with me . Is this sad or what ? And yes , they both know that I " m taken . I just noticed this and thought it was kinda funny but sad and scary at the same time . Nothing to worry about . 
If he calls you cute , he's looking at your face . If he calls you hot , he's looking at your body . But if he calls you beautiful , he's looking at your heart . 
Just really tired , I loved the weekend , despite a few mishaps ... maybe they happened fo ... http://chatter.com/a/9ii1o?ref=nf 
I'm just tired and busy . http://yearbook.com/a/n85ww?ref=nf 
My knees hurt for some odd reason ... maybe it was because I was with My boyfriend's mom and family for the day without him until the last forty-five minutes ... huh , and then you just realize it ! It's weird ... but in a good way ... 
I'm HOME !!! 
And it feels GREAT !! 
Not that I wouldn't go back , I will go again !! 
Hopefully my dark streak is gone , if not , more dark and morbid poems and notes will be written . 
I'm going to be gone for at least two weeks !! I'm going with my dad on one of his trucking trips ! 
Yay !! 8 Months !! 
Cuz we lost it all 
Nothing lasts forever 
I'm sorry 
I can't be perfect 
Now it's just too late and 
We can't go back 
-Simple Plan's Perfect 
I'm sick and tired if math . And I'm here helping Chris with his ASVAB test . * snore * 
Am I being punished for something ? Today started crappy and it's probably going end crappy too . I have lost control twice today and punched someone . Notto the point of medical attention . But he deserted it . Gah . 
Okay .... food's almost done , daddy's here , babe's here , now where's the rest of the family ?! Maybe they're on their way ? I hope so ! Lol 
My best friend is an ass hat ... 
Haha ! I almost made something catch on fire . Hahaha 
Is it bad it bad that my butt hurts from not sitting on it for too long ? 
Sore wa warui koto wa warui watashi no o shiri ga naga sugiru tame , suwatte kara itai koto wa arimasu ka ? 
My heart is heavy , my mind reels , my feelings are dark , and I'm falling into a black hole . Can everything else be so ... perfect ? 
If you want the fastest way to alienate me , and therefore possibly end whatever friendship we had , just mention my past and what about it and I may never talk to you again after I chew your ass out . That and joking about something that did happen to me . 
" Nobody move ! I lost me brain . " 
What movie and where at ? 
I am falling . 
Watashi wa ochite imasu . 
You made a mistake 
On the day that you met me and lost your way 
A day to relax , a day to do whatever . I hear chores ... 
I am on my way home peoples ! i have been to California , Arizona , Utah , Colorado , Nebraska , Iowa , and Montana so far soon to be on the list is Idaho and Oregon and then I'm hooooome !!! 
My butt hurts ... crazy dance ... and III'm sleepy . 
Has anyone else realized that the lead singer of Breaking Benjamin looks like the guy that plays Dean from Supernatural ? 
Well , found out that one of Chris ' ex best friends wasn't happy that he and I were going out . His ex friend wanted me to go out with him . Wow ... 
Don't you just wish you could go to some lost isle and take three to five things with you , excluding big cities and towns . Villages ... okay . 
I'm bored , If you have my number , text me ! If not , it's 1-503-639-5366 
I'm cute and I'm fluffy but don't let that distract you from my dangerous personality . 
I bite and I scratch , but if I care about you , you're loved until the end ; unless you piss me off . 
Your tears don't fall they crash around me . Her concious cause the guilty to come home . 
What song and by who ? Christopher Vasquez , don't even think of ruining it . 
So busy , going to the movies , going to Chris ' house , taking my dad to work , posting stuff , sleeping , waking up , it's exhausting ... 
Well , now I have my schedule , and I don't want some of the teachers I have . One of them tried hitting on my in my sophomore year and one of them isn't very nice or easy from what I've heard from someone I know . Greeeaaat ... 
You know what , Keith Alvarez , I almost wish you didn't like me , your stupid games are getting to the point I don't think I can deal with you anymore . I feel for Christopher Vasquez , Elizabeth Himebaugh , and family . I can't deal with your ' attention ' . So stop it . Please . Leave his fucking phone alone . 
Well I survived my first Monday back in school . Heels were killing me but hey , I managed to not trip and land on my already sore and aching behind . That's always a plus . And I did all my homework with in a half hour . Hehe , 14 simple math questions ... hehe ... done . 
Man life is one weird thing . Complex and knows how to mess with your mind , but weird . 
Bored to death , If you have my number , text me PLEASE !! 
Johnny Depp won the People's choice award !! Not a pansy like Taylorr Lautner or Robert Patterson !! I'm happy that the world did somethinng right !! :) 
First two says of school , done . First two days of impressions , successful . Want to see it happen ? Oh yeah . 
Ugh , tomorrow's school . Again ! 
Still can't see my school schedule , it kicks me out ... Thought that they would have it up by now ... 
I'm SOOO bored in CE2 right now ... can't seem to focus but I'm trying to ... Grrrr 
So bored . I'm eating lunch and I'm bored . How is that possible ? 
Whileyou SCREAM at your woman theres a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND , and INSULT her , theres a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you HURTyour woman , there is a man wishing he could take her pain away . ... While you make your woman CRY , there is a man stealing her smiles . Post this on your wall if you are against Domestic Violence 
Good night y'all . See half of you at school tomorrow and the rest of you when I can at the earliest time possible . 
I like it in my bedroom 
BEST LUNCH EVER PEOPLES !! ( Even if I don't remember what I ate aside from the dessert ) BEST DESSERT BTW ! Chocolate Torte with a Raspberry sauce thing . AWESOME !!!!! I wanna know how to do that ! =) 
I have the perfect Halloween costume ! 
I'm addicted to this song by Disciple . It's called Dear X ( You Don't Own Me ) 
My mother just said when I was sucking air ; " You either sound like a bird sick with a cold or a chipmunk with the flu . " I love my mother . -.- 
When I tell you I love you , I don't say it out of habit or to make conversation . i say it so that you don't forget that you are the BEST thing that ever happened to me 
^_^ Today was a good day 
I'm booked for the day . I'm curretnly at Chris ' house , and then going home to get my stuff , going to Nichole's birthday party , going to go skating , and then staying up until ungodly hours in the night . Sounds like a good day to me , no ? 
Okay , I'm in my last period class and I have to say this ... 
I'm going to try and enlist in the Marines . I have to do all the tests and everything else , like graduate and swear in , ( and yes , I AM dead serious about this ) . I talked to SS Hamra before this period started and we talked for a few minutes . He's going to try and get things set up . 
I'm very bored , sitting here in a class that I don't even belong in , waiting for school to finally end with Alexa 
Mom , Chris , Steven , Ketih , and whoever keeps poking me on here , I WILL WIN THIS POKE WAR !! 
I love it in the bedroom . 
Don't you hate it when you feel really violent towards a few people but you can't for obvious reasons ? Ugh , I hate it because that's where I'm at right now . Grrr Not happy at all . 
Don't ask me what's wrong cuz I dont know . Don't pressure me into anything cuz I'll scream . Don't make me do anything I'll regret because I may not forgive you and me . 
My head hurts , don't want to do homework today , not planning on it and Daddy's coming home !!!!!!!!!!!! <3 <3 <3 
I'm soo bored ! 
I'm sooo bored . If you have my number , text me . If you don't comment on this and I'll get it through my phone . Ciao ! 
I'm attempting to join the Marine Corps , all that I need to do is hand over some documents and take a few tests and then go from there . One of the greatest things I already like about the Corps is the honesty and openess I saw today . 
Thank you for nothing , you useless reptile . - Hiccup from How to Train Your Dragon 
If only I could truly express what I must , maybe I won't feel so bad . But if I do , will it hurt just that much worse ? 
First 
person to get all questions right will get a hug from me ! 1 . Whole 
name ? 2 . Age ? 3 . Birthday ? 4 . Eye colour ? 6 . Nickname ? 7 . Favourite 
food ? 8 . My hobby ? Copy this onto your status and see who knows you the 
best ! 
Night y'all . I'm sleepy and see about half of you on Monday . A few tomorrow and the rest ... Well , whenever I do ! 
Outdoor School was amazing ! I loved my cabin ! And I'm sore and exhausted . I attempted to keep everyone in line and make sure they had fun and I hope they did . Woodpeckers !! WooHoo ! 
I just got off work and my feet , legs , and arms are on fire !!! They hurt like a mother -------- . * Sighs * Time fir a water fight . Inside . Yeah !!! Who's with me ? 
FirstPerson To Like This , Can Pick My Profile Picture , & It'll Be There For 24 Hours , 2nd Person To Like This , YourLast Name Will Be My LastNameFor 2 Days . 3rd Person Can Dare Me To Do One Thing . 4th Person , IWill Say I'm Married To You For A Week 5th Person I Will Write On Your ... Wall .... Saying ..... * I LOVE YOU * .. 6th Person , I Will Answer ANY Question For You . Put This As Your Status If Your Brave Enough 
Finished my lunch in 4 minutes and 44 seconds . My time limit was 5 minutes . Yes !! 
If I were to die today , what would be the last thing you want me to hear ? Respond and I'll tell you what I'd tell you ! 
Today's going reeaaallllyyy sssslllllloooooowwwww . Grrrr , why couldn't it just go as fast as it normally does ? I mean , in-center is okay , you get things done and everything , but does it really need to go that slow ? I felt like I was back in ISS ... Grrrrr 
Ashley- * Checks fanfic * 
Me- * Peeks over * You has fanfic account ? 
Her- * Smiles * Yes . 
Me- * Grins * We can make collab account ? I add you , you add me , we make account as well ? 
Her- * Bounces up and down * YES !!!! 
you try to change me and I tell you that you'd better like me for me and not someone you want me to be . I won't change for you , so live with it . 
God give me the patience of a lifetime , I fear of what I might do without it . 
How does an angel know love if they aren't human ? 
My goal ? Don't do something stupid today like usual . Your goal ? 
Went to Jamba Juice with my supervisor , had some fun learning a little more about her . 
Don't even think of fucking pissing me off today . I will not react right . Keith Alverez , if you see this , fuck off his phone . 
" Pain is weakness leaving the body . " ~ Marines water bottle 
Obviously , they're right . 
If you have my number , text me in the morning . I'm off . Night y'all 
It's freezing in my room and the door's shut . BRRR ! 
Don't tell me where I will lay in your cemetery . Don't try to silence and bury me . Don't push me cuz I won't go quietly . I'd rather die with dignity . 
' Christopher Jordan Wittren commented on Brandon Dorreman's status . 
Brandon Dorreman 
Fuck today . 
17 hours ago 
* Blah blah * 
Christopher Jordan Wittren Did you get beat up yet ? lol 
Yesterday at 11:04 am 
Brandon Dorreman fuck you chris 
22 hours ago Christopher Jordan Wittren likes this . 
Christopher Jordan Wittren I heard you got slapped ' 
Guess who slapped Brandon ' Ginger Root' ? Yup , I did . Twice . XD 
Guess what ? I've gone up from the rank of ' angel ' to ' guardian angel'! 
At Kelsey's house . Gaming out with her , forgetting today with my bff . :) 
<3 you Kelsey and Chris 
would've had my baby with but he couldn't come . 
I have being sick . Damn it ! 
What is with the workd of today ? Everywhere I go on the internet , there is some mention of skin color . On every application that I find , there is a space for your ethnicity . Why does it matter what you are ? Do we base judgement on color and not who the person is inside ? Am I just going off about this or does it bother you too ? 
Can you see my pain behind this mask ? Can you not tell how much I want to spend the day or the night with you ? Can you not FEEL my resignation around you ? See the begging in my eyes ? Do you not see any of that ? 
Listening to the full Pokemon theme song and I love it !!! 
http://www.immortalnight.com/register.php?REF=506670 
