thanks cherry-hope all we ;; with you 
boo more housework today -how boring 
sorry just couldnt resist sending Elmo-Ben love him when he was very young -have to confess i quite enjoyed sesame street 
Hurran computer fixed by my friends husband-hope it will last this time 
am half watching Monty Python-its getting rather silly !!! -someone has just been eaten by a blanchmonge 
hooray house quiet fot two hours as Ben gone kick boxing 
been so quiet here-Bens at a sleepover-not used to house being so quiet 
have had a good day at science museum in london-took Ben and his friend Jordan 
Ironing pile reduced from 6ft to 3ft so a little something accomplished 
boo my comptuter is not working so am having to come to the library to do this and the library is only open very short hours here in sawtry-still at least its peacefeful especially as Ben gone kick boxing 
just wondering how much bigger my ironing pile can get !!! 
where is panchos 
Help someone has bought Ben Antworld for a belated birthday present-he cant wait to go and collect ants at the weekend !!! -may allocate this role to his Dad 
why must boys fight all the time ? its driving me round the bend !!!!! 
what a nice quiet house i have at present-Ben gone to his friend in Yaxley and Jack at Stilton-the quietness is very unusual in this house 
why dont socks stay in pairs ? where do all the odd ones go 
Jack watching Scuzz channel at 9am this morning-not the most relaxing sound i can think of in the morning-although dont mind Greenday 
who d have teenagers ? just had to collect Jack from next village as he missed last bus home !! and i was watching strictly come dancing !! 
Jack listening to metallica-on scizz channel-nice relaxing sound after work !!!! 
am off to tidy Bens Bedroom-see you in about 3 weeks 
Hurrah Donny still in Dancing with the stars-not eliminated yet 
What A peaceful evening and Donny Osmond on dancing withr stars later- 
Very peaceful here-Ben gone for a sleepover at his friends 
Why is housework so boring ? off to ironing-made a bit easier as will listen to Paul O Grady 
getting better -Bens now on a sleepover at friends-cant believe how quiet the house is-Jack returning later but he is not as noisy 
pity you have to wash up after a nice roast dinner- 
Hurrah Donny in finals-although have to concede Maya the singer is much better 
could my son Ben get any noisier ? 
Well we have our christmas tree up-but have some some rather strange decorations-Gary the Snail and Pichachu the pokemon-not quite sure what they have to do with christmas 
Jack now having small snack-ht choclate , aero mousse , galaxy and 4 biscuits 
have problems with computer at home , have come down sawtry library and still problems-must be the weather !! 
Mr Noisy has returned to the North residence-oh well the silence was nice whilr it lasted 
Huurah Donny won Dncing with the Stars 
whats your favourite penguin ? question asked by Ben this morning at 6 30am- 
Hurrah Donny still in Dancing with stars 
Ben watching Animal Park-particularly likes the mongoose and wants to know the plural is it mongooses or mongeese-have to say it has never been uppermost in my mind-does anyone know the answer ? - .......... now poor foggy the llama has to have a hair cut apparently 
Jack now listening to Bullet for my Valentine-what a nice relaxing head banging sound !!!! 
very scenic the snow-not so nice driving along the ai m with lorry drivers nearly at your bumper 
white 
hurrah computer now fixed-looking forward to seeing everyone next week love Jane 
boo c have lots ironing to do -any volunteers 
I did the Macarena with an Ipod in my bathroom because I am not crazy 
ok Ben wants to know whats the opposite of brown ? any ideas 
who invented housework ? and in particular ironing ???? 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!! " Please Do Not " join the group that runs currently on facebook with the title " becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life " This is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos !!!!!! Please rotate this post to all Your Friends on Facebook Thank you ! 
have had a lovely day out with Ben and his friends at Wicksteed Park Northamtonshire today-they didnt want the day too end 
Dont recommend aftertoon Mick Jack Ben and I have had spent on the grass verge of the M11 as car had broken down 
oh why doesnt the ironing do itself ! 
am just reliving my childhood watching wacky races with Ben -Penelope Pistop won 
Jack listening to Slipknot-what a nice elaxing sound after hard days work !! 1 
Just watching come dine with me-will pass on the squirrel and ale pie ! 
Hope you are all enjoying the glorious miracle as Ben described the snow-sure other people wil have their own definitions !! 
sloopypotty doodle 
My ironing pile nearly at the ceiling-any volunteers welcome !!! 
Why does my teenage son think i want his schoolbooks as decoration on the floor of the sitting room ? 
have decided our cat needs glasses-keeps meeowing at me even when food is in her bowl 
hmm watching very strange tv programme with Ben called Chowder-seems even weirder then spongebob 
Just looking at my mums birthday card she was born in 1930-making her 80 next week and in 1930 price petrol was 1.5 per litre pint beer 2p(5d ) fortnights mediterrean cruise 36 pounds-wages for men 2.86 weekly full time and women 1.40 -news at that time the first world cup final Uruguay beat Argentina 4-2 and the Goverment had rejected plans for a tunnel under the English Channel 
Jack just having little snack about a zillion Ryvitas and a chocolate yogurt !!! listening to his very restful music !!! 
Just watching Animal Park and Marmite the Marmoset is being very naughty 
Just been to see Jersey Boys with Mum and Sarah absolutley fabulous 
Just looking at my mums birthday card she was born in 1930-making her 80 next week and in 1930 price petrol was 1.5 per litre pint beer 2p(5d ) fortnights mediterrean cruise 36 pounds-wages for men 2.86 weekly full time and women 1.40 -news at that time the first world cup final Uruguay beat Argentina 4-2 and the Goverment had rejected plans for a tunnel under the English Channel ------- how times change ? 
WARNING ANYONE WHO HAS GOTTEN A TON OF 
FRIEND SUGGESTIONS BE CAREFUL ! IT IS A VIRUS ! IF YOU ACCEPT THEM YOUR 
ACCOUNT WILL SEND OUT ABOUT 85 TO SOMEONE ELSE !!! WARN YOUR FRIENDS 
NOW ! If you get any friend suggestions from me , please ignore them . I 
did not send them . This is a new virus that is sending requests to 
spread . DO NOT ACCEPT FRIEND SUGGESTIONS ! 
sang to a lampost in the frst because the force is strong with me 
How nice Ben and Mick collecting Ants for Bens Antworld somebody bought him for christmas ! 
Have had Jacks teenage friends in all day from 9 30 ----- and the day continues with some nice heavy rock-what a nice relaxing end to the day ! 
Just seen an add -choose CR-Z MODE -choose which one you are-anyone have any idea what this means ? 
oops had a very senior moment the other day-went to tesco and couldnt rememeber at all where i had parked the car -got some very odd looks as went towards other peoples cars and then realised it wasnt mine ! 
i like it in front of me at all times 
enjoyed the dancing in strictly tonight -but felt there was a lot of waffle 
Apparently the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to their favorite cartoon is actually a group of pedophiles . They're doing it because kids will accept their friend request if they see a cartoon . Nothing to do with supporting ... child violence . Its on Tonight's News . ... Pass this on to everyone . 
banana 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just for one hour . Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting . I hope to see this . . . in the status of all my friends 
i love pickle 
Have just watched a programmme about lions-apparently they can count ! 
now watching Animal Park and Trevor the OSTRICH getting rather cross 
